hey guys I just wanted to pop in really
quick before the video start it and let
you know that this video was filmed a
few weeks ago with neo cell and I know
it's been a couple of crazy leads with
everything that's been going on but I'm
just using this time to stay positive
and I hope you guys are doing the same
so if you want to check out my update
you guys can keep watching so today I'm
just gonna give you guys a quick update
on my neo cell collagen results as you
can see I feel like I always noticed the
most growth in like this portion of my
hair it's alive I'm so excited for it
this video is sponsored by neo cell I
did a video at the beginning of the year
after I had started it at the end of
2019 like as I started taking the
collagen supplement I think it really
has made such a difference in my nail in
my skin in my hair I had to go get my
hair color the other day because I have
an ombre extensions right now for the
record I will always wear hair
extensions because I have thin hair and
I just need it to be fuller but the
growth of my hair my colorist was even
shots because we had to take down the
color on my extensions way longer than
we had originally thought because my
natural hair had grown so much it was
like I can't believe this is all your
own hair because she was there with me
when I had my hair nightmare my colors
was shocked I was shocked and I really
feel like the only thing I've done
differently consistently for the last
couple of months has been taking this
collagen powder I also do eat these
biotin birds from neo Salle as well
which I talked about in my last video
this is my third bag of these guys and I
just honestly enjoy eating them because
they taste like candy so I have one of
these every single day I just ate one so
I feel like the combination of biotin
and collagen has really just been like
doing it for me you know I mean I have
been working out pretty regularly as
well collagen is also great for joint
support which is really important the
older that you get it feel like one of
the biggest overall benefits that I've
gotten from collagen is just the
appearance of my skin I feel like my
skin looks really really good and I hate
to say that out loud because I feel like
I just jinxed myself when I say that my
skin is looking good and the my skin's
like you thought and then a breakout
will happen but honestly my skin has
just been like treating me really really
well and also my nails grow so fast I
have to go get my nails done like every
two weeks before I could go like a whole
four week sometimes five weeks without
getting my nails done but now after two
weeks I feel like that line is so
intense I'm like girl
like I said really the only difference
that I've added in in the past three
months or so is the collagen and the
biotin burst first time we talked about
the collagen I showed you guys my go-to
smoothie recipe which I still drinking
all the time but I also wanted to show
you guys that you don't necessarily have
to put it in a smoothie I sometimes like
to incorporate it into my coffee so it
is almost actually it is one o'clock now
I have also been intermittent fasting
which we will talk about in another
video because I feel like that's just
like a totally different subject but I
do fast every day now for 16 hours I
stopped my last meal at 9 p.m. and then
I eat at 1 p.m. I usually break my fast
with like eggs and like a tangerine just
like vitamins and protein in me and then
I'll have my coffee later on in the day
so I just quickly wanted to show you
guys how I incorporate the neo cell
french vanilla into my cold brew coffee
so let's go out to the kitchen so I can
show you guys how to do that really
quick so it's a little different for me
when I'm making my coffee when I am
adding up my French metal is super
collagen powder to it so what I like to
do is just scoop in one scoop of the
French vanilla powder into my glass and
then I'm just going to let that sit
there with a little bit of coffee over
it for about two to three minutes so
that we don't have any kind of clumping
before when I first started
incorporating it into my coffee I didn't
do this and there was a little bit of a
clumping and then I'm just going to do
what I normally do I'm going to add in
some ice and some creamer and it's good
to go I feel like the French vanilla
really goes good because I drink a
vanilla flavored coffee and my creamer
is vanilla flavored as well what I
really love about the neo south french
vanilla is super collagen is that it
supports healthy collagen formation to
create youthful skin healthy hair and
nails and radiant beauty from inside out
which I really can attest you I've been
taking it now since December of 2019
and the improvement in my hair skin and
nails is just out of this world
I made that coffee yesterday so I don't
have the coffee here to drink right now
which I'm a little sad about but I am
gonna go drink one after this so I just
wanted to do a quick update on the
results that I've had I really have seen
such a difference it is insane
three months into it like I am noticing
like even today when I was putting my
makeup on I was like skiing in like it's
just really nice to be bare face I got
90% of the time I don't have makeup on
actually it's probably like 98% of the
time I don't have makeup on so it's
really nice to feel comfortable in your
skin and I feel like the collagen has
made such a difference in it so if you
guys are interested
the mio cell french vanilla super
collagen powder is available on Amazon
just to make everything easier on you if
you have been taking the Neo saw I know
a lot of you guys picked it up last time
I talked about it
please leave your results down below if
you've noticed anything different if
you've noticed a lot of hair growth your
nails growing if you just feel like your
skin is overall more clear we would love
to hear your results I'm saying we as on
all of us because we be reading the
comments okay now I'm really gonna go
out there and make myself a coffee and
get this day going so that is it for me
I don't have anything else to tell you
guys except I love you and I will see
you super soon in another video bye guys
