good morning actually I feel like
morning that's almost over but I quickly
want to mention to you guys my humble
pick of the month so let me show you my
phone instead of my face alright so you
guys know that I have been partnered
with audible for ever
I love audible they have an unmatched
selection of books so Before we jump in
to my book pick of the month
if you guys want to check out audible
for yourself you can go to audible.com
slash Nicole or you can text Nicole to
500 500 they have an unmatched selection
of books this is my library but you can
browse all the books that they have to
offer they also have audible originals
where you can only find on the app so I
am I am currently listening while I'm
real ascending to Little Women it's been
seeing just so much a little women
everywhere that I was like let me
refresh and I really love the ladies
this I'm gonna go grab my air pause and
try to finish this I need to do a little
bit of laundry before we jump in to
getting ready for the day because we are
going to film so let me go grab my ear
pods but again you've never tried
audiobooks I highly recommend them I
find them to be very very soothing and a
lot of you guys do too because you
always are in my DMS of setting me book
recommendations and I love it I always
say I feel like we just have like our
own little book club here so I'm gonna
go grab my ear pods so you can start
laundry and then we can start filming
but one more time if you want to try
audible for yourself all you have to do
is go to audible.com slash Nicol and
your 100 pen it's not one I already had
my coffee I had to charge you guys up
but we're gonna film today I'm not
really sure what I'm gonna film yet but
I need to hook my Apple TV F because if
you guys didn't know my mom has been
while she was staying with me for like
the past week because she got dental
implants so she was staying here and she
was thing in the back guest room so I
had the Apple TV back there for her but
I need it in my room it's been hell
quiet getting ready Oh without like
housewives
or somebody playing I had these back
here but it just smells like flowers not
dead flowers just actual flowers back
here I actually really like dead flowers
I don't know if that's weird of me but I
do but I had to hide these back here
because orange always tries to eat the
flowers and they can be toxic to cats so
I tend to usually hide flowers whenever
I get them I want these shoes I
literally had these when I was like 9 or
10 years old I had the white pair but
give them to me so nice to have you back
Apple TV what Q watch maybe I'd like to
watch a movie I don't know I have so
many options I hate this what I'm
watching I don't know where the time has
gone where's the remote I was like you
know what let me record myself getting
ready on my here so I could put it on my
stories tell me why - uh took me an hour
and a half to do my makeup on here
because I feel like you just gotta stop
save the clip started over stop save the
clip started over it's freaking 3:30 now
like ooh I also made the mess messier I
was like let me go through this shirt
and then I was like I am already wearing
my shirts
I plan to filming this shirt anyways
that's actually clean this first all
right this is actually as good as it's
gonna get clean all this alright we are
ready to film so let's jump in to our
main setup Oh bar jump alright so today
we are going to talk about some favorite
products that I have been loving I have
freshly washed hair - so if you see me
touching it a lot please bear with me
like I haven't done one of these in like
30 years so today is mainly just
skincare actually I feel like it's just
a little bit of everything some hair
there's one two hair products some
skincare and makeup just jump right in
because I feel like it's gonna be a long
one so maybe grab a snack get some h2o
hydrate I don't need you passing out
during my video okay I'm gonna start
with a product that I've gotten a lot of
requests on because I've been talking
about this product for well over a year
now on my Instagram anytime I blow-dry
my hair I always douse my hair
this this is from color Wow and it is
their dream coat supernatural spray and
it says it magically transformed texture
and it has humidity proof powers which I
can attest to I get a lot of questions
regarding humidity especially from
people that live out of town I get them
a lot in my DM psycho I'm coming down to
Disney water coming to Florida
what's the humidity like what can I put
in my hair this you can put this in your
hair I can't blow-dry my hair without
this because I have like a funky texture
of hair I always kind of have it's in
between curly and straight it's wavy
it's also damaged I did a lot of damage
to my hair when I had colorful hair
because I had my hair fully bleached and
you guys remember I talked about getting
a chemical cut or my hair you just got
trimmed really short like the front of
my hair was like this long as you can
see it's very grown out now but it was a
nightmare I've tried not to use it when
I blow-dry my hair just to see like am i
noticing a difference or is it all in my
hair and when I don't use this in my
hair it just looks frizzy it doesn't
look as smooth like I haven't ran a hair
straightener over my hair this is just
me blow drying it with this magical ass
spray I got the big jumbo size they do
have a smaller size if you guys want to
try this out there hasn't been one
product from color wow that I haven't
liked so really really good I don't know
if they carried in stores but I get it
online like everything else so for a
detangler I use this daily dose miracle
moisture leave-in conditioner I saw this
on Amazon I think it like just promoted
it like popped up for me and I was like
what it is it's cruelty free and vegan
and I feel like it's kind of like it's a
ten product cuz it does a bunch of stuff
to your hair and it too moisturizes and
nourishes softens and strengthens its
non-greasy a tad shiny limit eases frizz
prevents breakage repairs do tangles and
it protects your color so since I do
have color treated hair
I have damaged hair I have tangly hair
and body hair so I always like to put in
some kind of leave-in conditioner or
detangler but really my main reason for
loving this is it doesn't add any weight
to the hair and it doesn't leave any
kind of residue on the hair I really
like this one because it's lightweight
and it doesn't leave any like gunk
behind on your hair and it does a really
great job at detangling as well my next
one is from chlorine core
I don't know how to say this name but
this is a bomb-ass dry shampoo really
really really good another product that
I'm always trying out our dry shampoos
because I don't like to wash my hair a
lot let's be honest it's a lot of hair I
don't want to wash it all the time but
when I am working out a lot I am washing
my hair every single day which I kind of
hate but I kind of do it because I can
just get so sweaty during workouts but I
got to wash my entire head but during
those months where I'm not working out
every single day of my life I live for a
dry shampoo and I love this one because
it just gets rid of all the grease enos
in your hair all of its gone forever
I mean not forever probably until the
next day but it absorbs the oil so well
and it doesn't leave a residue it comes
out white but I have dark hair and I
have no issues with it and it smells
really good it's really minty and
refreshing and out of all the dry
shampoos I've tried I feel like this is
up there like this is a top dog really
really really really good I know they
have one for dark hair I haven't tried
that one yet so when this one runs out I
will be picking that guy up and I got
this at Ulta I talked about some makeup
the first two that I want to talk about
are actually applicators mine are dirty
because they are in use but they are the
Tati blender full makeup applicators I
love these like love love love them I
have two sets because I use one for
liquid and one for powder even though
technically you can use them for both
you can just move around the sponge like
you can go from corner to corner
I just like to have one for each because
I know myself I'll just forget and then
I'll be liquidy and I'll dip it in
powder and then you know I don't have
time for that so I just had the two of
them but I used the bigger ones who
apply my liquid foundation and I use
these smaller ones to apply my concealer
I use for my concealer and this one I
use for my under-eye powder this one I
use for powder and this one I use a for
foundation you can use them for anything
you can use them for primer bronzer
blush powder liquid whatever you want
you can use them for some foundations
don't really play well with them like I
use the wet and wild foundation with it
and I didn't really love it I mainly use
my Pat
Graaff sublime skin fetish foundation
and that works so so good with this
applicator because it's more of a
liquidy consistency it's a lot thinner
and I haven't found any concealer that
doesn't play well with this guy what I
really like about it is you can like
smooth it on your face or you can tap it
on your face whatever you want to go
with it works I think it makes the
makeup look beautiful on the skin the
only bad thing that I can say about
these it'd be a little inconvenient to
wash them because I have to make sure
that I wash them so that they're ready
for the next day it's not like a quick
Beauty Blender you can just go wash it
off in the sink and you're good to go
no because they need time to dry but
other than that I think these are magic
magic next is this k'kaw Beauty blush
palette
I love blush it's one of my favorite
things in makeup and I feel like I've
just been stuck on those UA ones for a
really long time those are amazing
blushes I love anything that's in a
blush palette as well because I just
think it's more versatile you have more
options and I really like to just like
custom create a blush color so I'm
always just constantly mixing these
three shades together this is the matte
blush palette they do have one that has
like a sheen to it but I'm not into that
I only like matte blushes so really
really like this so I quickly wanted to
mention it because I've been using this
guy non-stop since I got it so next you
guys have heard me talk about this
product a million times but if you
haven't I just want to give it a quick
shout out this is he make it forever
matte velvet skin a blurring powder
foundation it is a mouthful but this is
also a very magical blurring powder
foundation like it says I use the shade
so I used to say I use this Shh I use
the shade are 330 as like my all-over
color and as of recently I have been
using are 232 kind of brighten up my
under eye because I figured if it's
giving my face like the smoothing effect
I bet it does the same thing under the
eye and it does so if you're looking for
some kind of smoothing a powder
underneath the eyes and you don't really
like any setting powder I would
definitely recommend trying this powder
out now keep in mind I do set my under
eye with a powder that I'm gonna show
you and then I use this powder on top of
that just for a more brightening fuller
coverage effect I don't set my under eye
with this does that make sense so the
two things that I haven't been using to
set underneath my
I'm gonna mention the one that I've been
using a little more often is from by
Terry and this is their a hyaluronic
setting powder it is translucent there's
no color to it but since it's a
hyaluronic power power but sentence a
hyaluronic powder it has a little bit of
extra moisture in it and since the under
eye area is usually a more drier area of
the face I've been loving this under
their because I haven't looked dry I
really like it it is very finely milled
and it just sits really nice underneath
the eyes but for the last couple of days
I've been using this Pat McGrath skin
fetish sublime perfection blurring
under-eye powder I feel like these two
are really similar to each other but
this guy is just like a loose powder and
this guy's packed into a compact so it's
a little more convenient it's a little
bit easier to use but this powder it
feels like when you first like kind of
swatch it and you touch in your hand
you're like oh no this is gonna be like
chalky under the eyes but no it is so
smoothing so blurring it looks really
nice underneath the eyes it comes in
three colors light medium and dark if I
fake tan or anything like that I would
probably use media because even on my
fair skin I feel like this looks really
bright so I go in with a light hand and
just kind of set underneath the eye with
this guy as of recently and I really
really love it and since we're talking
about this guy I want to mention to you
guys the Pat McGrath skin fetish
concealer which is also really amazing
so I have on the foundation the
concealer I have on the powder I have on
the mascara Pat McGrath is really really
good if you have not tried this
foundation which let's just make this a
favorite as well - if you've not tried
the Pat McGrath sublime skin fetish
foundation you really should it's so
lightweight but so full coverage it
lasts a really long time it blends
easily it stays on the skin beautifully
throughout the day like some foundations
will stay on your skin a really long
time but like eight hours in you're like
oh oh I can't wait to get home and take
this [ __ ] off my face this I feel like
as the day goes on it just looks better
like it sinks more into the skin and it
just I don't know I just really really
love that foundation I go back to it
over and over so I was really pumped
when they came out with concealers and
they did not disappoint at all it is
little bit on the drier side of a
concealer I will say so y'all you won't
have as much time when you're blending
it out because I feel like it sets
itself really really well but I haven't
had any issues with creasing and I feel
like this guy and this guy I know
they're made to go together but they are
really really made to go together these
two are magical and if you have trouble
with creasing underneath your eyes I
would say give these two a try and the
concealer shade that I use is
light/medium ten as well as light/medium
eight if I just want it to be like a
little extra bright but mainly I've just
been using light me in ten so--but all
right two lip colors that I want to
mention to you guys this first one is
from k'kaw beauty and I'm not really
sure what this is it's the new kind of
lipstick in the tube like this so the
main thing that I like about it is I
love the color one I think it just goes
with everything it's like a beautiful
neutral kind of warm nude shade but I
also love that has a sheen to it too
because that means you can skip out on
gloss and your lip is gonna last a
little longer like don't get me wrong
you know a little lip gloss but when you
put a gloss on your lip tends to fade
off faster so really love this I wore
this when we went to the fair and it was
so easy to just keep reapplying and
looking like I had put on lip liner
lipstick and lip gloss when really I
just put this guy on and the shade is in
subtle nude I got it in a little like
pack like a little kit with a lip liner
and that guy and I think the lip liner
was 1.5 which is also one of my
favorites alright another lip product
that kind of is the same vibe but I feel
like this one just fades a little bit
faster this is from colour-pop and this
is just a tint it also gives like a
beautiful lip color and it gives shine
to your lips too so you don't have to
apply a gloss I find myself using this
all the time with just lip liner like if
I'm going for like a little natural or
look natural like a more natural look
for me means like I'm just not putting
on lashes but I love this guy for the
daytime it comes in a bunch of colors
this just happens to be my favorite and
this one is called give me some more
I feel like Netflix right now like are
you still watching - my favorite
lipsticks that I've currently been
wearing just in rotation all the time um
they're both from lawless they're super
similar in color but one of them is just
a little more pink than the other so
this one is wedding day which is just
such a beautiful color
especially for wedding days just like
this perfect pinky nude fawn is just a
little more on the warmer side but it is
SuperDuper similar to wedding day so
really creamy on the lips and really the
main reason that I love the lipstick is
because I love the shades okay let's be
honest like I feel like a creamy
lipstick is a creamy lipstick and I'm
wearing gloss with it so I'm not gonna
get a super long wear out of it anyway
but I just love these two shades again
they are wedding day and fine but all of
the shades and that like nude collection
is really pretty alright and then the
last few products are just a few
skincare products the first one is a
from soap & Glory and this is their
vitamin C a face wash I love this I love
the smell of it I love these little
beads in it because it's very gentle on
the skin I mainly use a face wash in the
morning to wash off any of my night
moisturizers or anything like that which
you should always be doing if you don't
wash off your nighttime skincare routine
in the morning and let's say you go
straight into doing your makeup you
might find that you like you know you
get like those little peeling things on
your face and it's probably because
you're just didn't wash your face when
you got up in the morning so I love this
it smells really minty and like
invigorating and it just smells really
good in the morning it like helps wake
me up so really really love this guy if
you are wondering I still am obsessed
with summer fridays jetlag masks - me -
me and my skin i find that there is no
better hydrator i love that it's like so
multifunctional you can use it as a mask
you use it a moisturizer you can use it
before you put your makeup on you can
put it in the refrigerator and use it
underneath your eyes for like a dew
puffing effect I just love love love the
jetlag mask this is probably like my
1401 that I've gone through since they
launched so in case you were wondering
this [ __ ] is still the bomb so that is
it for all my favorite things that I am
currently loving hopefully the battery
doesn't die and I can tell you guys that
I don't have anything else to say so
that is it for me and all of my products
hopefully you guys found something that
you like and I don't think I have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in another video bye guys alright so I
am just going to
like I said I recorded I tell you guys I
recorded myself getting ready to put on
my edgy story so I'm just gonna review
all the footage and then put it up but
it's 5:30 now so this is the end of my
day beeps we'll probably be home soon
we'll cook some dinner because we have
to stop eating by 9:00 I have been
intermittent fasting which we'll talk
about another time I've only been doing
it for like three weeks or so um but
yeah I will see you guys
