hello and welcome back to my channel
today I thought I would share with you
my very realistic version of taking off
my a pre-op bray gel X extensions I have
I think these are like shortround they
are very strong and I do like this style
a lot but they gotta go okay they gots
to go this one is lifting and I just
can't take it anymore
so I'm gonna do my best to show you guys
what I did first things first I'm just
going to cut off any of the extension
it's just going to make it easier for
when we soak these off because there
would be less product to soak off so I'm
just clipping off that tip I will say I
got all my nails off without breaking
any of my natural nails which is pretty
good because I've had extensions
acrylics my nails done for years so my
natural nails are very thin but none of
them broke so I was proud of that so
after we have all the excess taken off
we're going to want to break that seal
so you can use a hand file for this or
you can use an e file which is a nail
drill I was pretty nervous using it I'm
not going to lie I feel like this hand
was a lot easier to remove because I got
a lot of the excess product off before I
soaked them but I just did not have the
heart to use it on my right hand because
I am right-handed so when I was holding
it in my non-dominant hand I was a
little nervous but this did help a lot
it helped it was really quick to get the
polish off the top and it took a little
bit of the excess nail extension off so
when I soaked off of this hand it came
off a lot easier than my right-handed oh
Jesus I'm scared
it's good I'm gonna turn this down a
little bit
oh my god how am I gonna do my other not
scared I can do that suggest me to take
my time scared okay how am I gonna do
this weird be with you oh let the nail
gods be on my side cuz I scared
[Music]
Oh Lord I'm scared
you know I'm gonna try to hand fire
these because I am scared I am scared so
yeah my right hand I completely filed
down but I did struggle a lot to take
this hand after I soaked him off because
I didn't get nearly as much product off
as I did on my left hand by using the
e-file but it was still possible to do
it just took a lot longer so after you
have your nails clipped down and a lot
of the excess product removed well at
least the color gel top that you have on
if you have like on nail polish on once
you have that removed I'm gonna use
these little wraps which is basically
like what they use at the salon I just
figured that these would be easier for
me to you since I was doing it myself
because that little cotton swab is
already in there it's attached to the
foil so I didn't have to worry about it
moving around but if you don't have this
you can definitely just use some
aluminum foil and a cotton ball and you
also want to make sure that you're using
a hundred percent acetone if you are
trying to soak off your nails otherwise
it's just not gonna work if you're just
using regular nail polish remover so
make sure you're using acetone and I
also have these little purple clips that
will just go over the foil to help
everything stay in place because if
you've ever had your nails soaked off
you know that these foils like to move
around so to get it going I'm just going
to soak that little cotton pad in some
acetone and then wrap it around my
finger at the point of this is to melt
the gel off of your nail so make sure
you're really getting that little pad on
your nail plate is that what they call
it a nail plate and then you're just
going to wrap it and secure it I'll show
you a different angle so you guys can
really see what I'm doing and then after
I have it wrapped I'm just going to add
this little purple guy on top to clip it
it really helps a lot and it really just
keeps that pad soaking on top of your
nail which like I said this hand was a
lot easier to remove than my right hand
[Music]
I'm only doing one hand at a time so I'm
gonna let this hand sit for about ten
minutes and then after the ten minutes
is up I'm going to unwrap it and take a
cuticle pusher you will see that the
nail is like melted and gooey looking
and then with the cuticle pusher I would
just begin to push the gel off this hand
was really easy to do the gel came off
really really easy because I just think
I got a good amount of product off with
that efile so I'm being as gentle as I
can and if I feel like the gel is being
a little difficult I will just wrap the
nail again quickly while I push the gel
off another nail so I'm just going to do
this to all the nails until all the gel
is off and if there's a little extra gel
on the nail I will just buff it off with
a hand file
[Music]
[Music]
so after two hours I somehow got my
nails that black is still gel but after
two hours I got them to at least this
point so now I'm gonna use some of this
cuticle eraser I have some cuticle like
oil it's like a bomb or something and
try to make these cuticles look a little
better without em like packing them off
you know I gotta get this black off
that's annoying me though this hand I
mainly got all the gel off by just using
a hand file because I was really scared
to use this guy he'd been on like this
aim that I have more control over so I
really just buffed all the extra product
off and now see what else we can do to
these things so I cleaned up my cuticles
as best as I could I did end up clipping
a little bit of the dead skin full
disclosure but I am NOT a professional
so I didn't want to show any of that I
have done it before so just be careful
if you do and then I filed my nails as
best as I could
again I was really proud at the fact
that I did not break a single nail while
I was taking off my gel extensions when
I say take off my car latex girl I used
to break every nail so after that I'm
just going it to clean my nails I got
this little nail surface cleanse in one
of the kits I bought and I have these
little lint-free pads so I'm just going
to clean my nails get off any of the
excess cuticle eraser that we use and
any dust and whatever we got left
hanging on to these nails and then I'm
going to use a little bit of this OPI
nail Envy on all my nails because
they're pretty soft okay they're they're
brittle they're they're not at their
strongest so I'm just gonna put this on
and let that dry before we move on to
painting our nails for my base coat I'm
using this foundation from jealous and
after you put this on I'm gonna cure it
in my LED light for 60 seconds I'm gonna
do this to both hands and then for the
Polish I'm using this Amelie I'm really
not sure how to pronounce it but I
caught it from Amazon as well and I'm
using it in the
1:18 I saw a lot of messages from you
guys saying something about if it cured
in the light and I didn't have any
issues with it but I did use a jealous
topcoat so maybe that's the difference
I'm just gonna try to show you as many
nails as I can painting because my
head's all in the way it was a struggle
at the end y'all but you're gonna cure
this for 60 seconds as well and this
hand wasn't it wasn't too bad okay I was
pretty proud of myself I had not painted
my own nails in a long time what my cat
was like why are you in here you've been
back here for hours come out so after we
do each hand like I said I do two coats
and I carry on both and then I'm gonna
do a top coat and I'm using the gel ish
top it off and this my nails are like
hard as a rock like I can't even bend my
nails I'm also gonna use that same nail
surface cleanser to remove the top
sticky layer if you don't have this you
can just use alcohol if you had a sticky
layer after you cure it and then that is
it I put a little nail oil on and I
think this took me around three hours
maybe four hours I'm not even gonna lie
it took a long time but I'm proud of
them okay I am proud of my nails that I
did at home so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I love you guys I hope
everyone is staying safe and I will see
you guys super soon in a new video
