hello and welcome back to my channel so
today I'm going to demo for you guys the
amazing magical game-changing Dyson
Corral hair straightener while I'm
sitting here it just reminded me that I
need to turn it on so I'm gonna just
turn mine on real quick she is on you
can see a little battery flashing and
there are three heat settings there's
333 65 and 410 I'm gonna set mine at 410
put it back on its little charging base
while I talk to you guys for one second
and let her get heated up it will be
really quick and you will hear a little
notification when she is ready take that
which i think is really cool as well you
guys remember when I went to London like
a few months ago actually I feel like it
was in November time just flies by so
quick that is the reason that we went to
London in November was to go see the
reveal of the Dyson Corral there she is
she's ready to go so we got to go to the
Dyson headquarters and see where
everything was made which was really
cool we got to meet a lot of the
engineers which was also really cool
everyone that works there is just so
passionate about what they do it was
just really cool to see how everything
was made and just to get to see it like
firsthand and like up close and personal
it was super top secret
it was tight-lipped I kind of felt like
a little spy creeping around cuz I had a
camera with me and I was like am I
allowed to take pictures but all in all
it was really cool experience so I
actually just got this a few days ago
and I'm really excited to play with it
again because it can do so many amazing
things not only can it straighten your
hair it can curl your hair it can wave
your hair so I'm actually really excited
to straighten my hair with this today
because while we were in London I
actually played with us a lot but I
wanted to s-wave my hair so bad I kind
of did a little S wave tutorial in my
last video I will link that in the
bottom bar for you guys so you can see
what I'm talking about
so why everyone was there like
straightening their hair I was over here
like just trying to s wave it but today
we are going to focus on straightening
this hair let me show you what my hair
is current state is this is just kind of
what it looks like 90% of the time when
I don't style my hair it just has like
this natural wave in the hair so we are
going to straighten all this out today
I'm excited I feel like I haven't seen
my hair straight in a minute
so I think the first cool thing about
this hair straightener is that it is
cord free it is 2020 and I feel that
everything should be cordless you have
up to 30 minutes of cord free styling
with this guy and I think that is
absolutely amazing for me I can prod
do my hair in about 20 to 30 minutes so
it is perfect if you do need a little
more time than that you can connect the
cord and just keep right on doing your
thing I also love that it has this
intelligent heat control which regulates
the temperature of the plates 100 times
a second which is ensuring that you
never go over your chosen temperature so
Dyson craw has three temperatures at
3:30 365 and 4:10 it is suitable for all
hair types which is amazing and it also
has these really innovative flexing
plates which gather all your hair for
more control so you can achieve the same
style with less heat and 50% less
breakage compared to a conventional
solid plate all right so I brush this
hair before I got on camera but I was
like let's just give it a once more and
then I'm just going to section it into
two sections so we'll have the top
section and the bottom you can see she's
got a wave to it and we are going to
smooth her out I like to go over my hair
pretty slow because I just think you get
a better result that way rather than
just like rushing through it so I'm just
gonna go slow see I haven't had my hair
straighten so long and you see how it's
got like that beautiful curve it's like
perfect for getting round that kind of
blown out look to the bottom of your
hair if you haven't had a chance to hold
it yet it is a little on the heavier
side but it's nothing that you don't get
used to right away it actually feels
really good when you hold it in your
hand
[Music]
so like I was saying earlier when I work
through each section slowly I just mean
due to the flexing plates I really don't
have to style over each section over and
over again because the flexing plate
really gives me both the tension and the
control that I need that other
traditional straighteners really can't
do
[Music]
and remember such as always docket or
charge the machine if you're not using
it so that the battery life is always
ready to go when you are I'm just gonna
give it a brush through and then I'm
just going it to curl in these front
pieces one more time I mean they just
the ends so we get like that sure you
know I mean like Shoop you gotta make
the noise shrew in okay okay that's a
bit of a difference if you don't
remember what my hair does look like
let's flashback to see what she looks
like 90% of the time Wow
now we are smooth we are sleek we are
straight I feel like I need to wear my
hair straight more often but this is
just like so nice I don't know if I
could keep it this nice cuz I'm crazy I
don't even know what to do with myself
like my hair never looks this good so if
you guys want to know more about the
Dyson Corral I will leave all of the
information in the bottom bar for you
guys so again I want to thank Dyson for
bringing me out to London when we went
in November just letting me be there for
the reveal I just think Dyson is an
amazing brand and I just felt really
lucky so again I thank you to Dyson so
that is it for me I don't think I have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in another video bye guys
