hello and welcome back to my chin up so
if you guys are wondering where I've
been actually don't even know who you
are let me take a sip okay cuz hasn't
been sitting here it's full it's been
like an hour I was a little sick last
week and it just kind of added on to my
having no motivation to do anything
while in quarantine and I really hope
that I'm not alone in this but I try
every single day to get up and do
something and most of the time I'm just
like like I don't even feel like there's
days of the leak anymore I just feel
like every day is every day I wake up I
get to the couch next thing I know I'm
back in the bed and I don't even know
what happens in between the time that I
awake and go to sleep because it all
just feels like a blur it's it's just
strange it's just a strange time that
we're living in and I don't like it I
don't like it okay I don't want to be
I'm not I'm after quarantine I am no
longer an introvert I'm extroverted I
want to be outside I want to talk to
humans you know for like at least a week
or something like that so I woke up
today and I had a little bit of
motivation so I was like you know what
let me put on a cute top let's do our
makeup I want to go outside and take
some of those like cloud mirror pictures
I wanted to do it yesterday but we had
like a tornado hurricane situation here
I should probably be moisturizing my
face and all that jazz this one I'm
talking about I sit down and I talk and
I have all this energy in the beginning
of me phone my videos and then by the
time we get to the end of the video I
don't got [ __ ] to say so let's put on
our moisturizer shall we these little
hairs back into this clip real quick so
they're not in our face you self tan but
you forget that little hairline right
there and then your true colors show for
the moisturizer we're gonna use the Far
Sally rose gold elixir I really really
like this it is a weird texture like it
is super duper watery but I really like
it it gives your skin like this really
pretty
glowy appearance and it's very
lightweight and it absorbs really
quickly into the skin and as always I've
washed my hands before I'm touching my
face you should always do that I wash my
hand I can't even tell you how many
times I've washed my damn hands but I
really like how quickly absorbs into the
skin it looked like a damn hurricane day
yesterday okay it was pitch black I
think I woke up around 11 a.m. and I was
just like where am I like why is it so
dark out
what time is it Pheebs is already up
because it like 7 o'clock in the morning
quarantine or not I'm actually gonna use
this Elemis one Elemis I hope I'm saying
that right this is the pro-collagen
instant smooth primer so we're gonna put
him here
also I feel like this is the most
natural I have been in a really long
time meaning like I don't have any nails
I don't have any lash extensions I don't
have any hair extensions I said that the
other day I was like wow these two
little earrings are my most recent
piercings these like you see those two
little guys that's like actually two
different piercings right next to each
other two little teeny tiny ones and
they have been going crazy the past
couple days like I don't know what's
wrong with them maybe I'm like sleeping
on them too hard because I've like
started sleeping on my ears again after
17 years my sister-in-law just text me
and said Evelyn my knees remember I was
showing you her tie-dye outfits we left
them outside because she'd been asking
you know like I want to see the--they I
want to have my tie-dye outfits so we
left them outside so that her dad could
come pick them up the other day and she
just texted me and said Evelyn's been
wearing her tie-dye outfits every single
day I'm like me too elegent have on
tie-dye Schwartz right now okay so for
foundation foundation I think I'm gonna
do this Dior foundation this is the doer
ultimate blending brush from ELF so I'm
gonna use this Dior glow foundation I
really really love this one which is the
original one I'm a little more tan so
I'm gonna go with this darker shade this
is three point five and what I usually
wear is this which is two point five and
I like a lot of foundation okay but
we're gonna we're gonna blend it Wow in
this foundation like you just look so
good actually I think this might be a
little bit lighter but that's okay
Wow I haven't put foundation on in so
long
y'all know I've baked four freaking
cakes while on quarantine four cakes
I've baked what baked a chocolate cake I
baked a carrot cake I baked the funfetti
cake I baked the lemon cake do you know
how long it was before quarantine that I
had eaten a damn cake but now it's just
made for cakes on quarantine like oh my
god how are our oh my god he on x-games
mode it'll give you a ton of coverage
but it's really lightweight on the skin
it has a really good staying power like
you can wear this foundation for a long
time I think it says 24 hours who's
wearing their maker for 24 hours okay so
long I don't even know who I am
skin looking healthy my skin has been
doing really good lately I just think
it's because I drink I drink so much
freakin water and probably cuz I haven't
been out of the house in weeks
this hydro flask I think is like 24
ounces it's 32 ounces and I drink like
four of these a day
so this foundation y'all today tomorrow
tomorrow what am i doing oh you're doing
your eyebrows like powder what is this
on the okay we're juicing overnight any
time anyways I've gone back to using
powder for my brows I'll just like it a
little bit better I guess we're growing
our brows out again since I know that I
said that I was going to eliminate my
brows but then I thought about it and I
was like who am i eliminating my brows
were I'm eliminating my brows to be in
the house No so I vetoed it all so I
told to vlog this but we are redoing our
master bedroom like the vibe you know
we're painting I got a whole new bedroom
set our bed won't be here till June but
I think like the dresser and the
nightstand and all that stuff will be
here like within two weeks I feel like
it said
I got a new mirror I still need to get
like a rug and a light fixture I have a
couple rugs in my cart feel like because
we've been in the house for so long like
I just want to redo the entire house
I've been wanting to redo the floors in
the house for a really long time but
Jeremy is like absolutely not that's
like such a nightmare which I totally
understand I feel like we'd have to move
out of our house to redo all the floors
in the house so I was like all right
fine I'm over this like cool toned vibe
that we've got going look kind of skinny
I'm gonna vlog the whole thing of course
so that you guys can see like the before
and after of our new master bedroom and
I think it's gonna be really cute but
yeah I just want to tell you guys I'm
really excited I just I can't wait to
change it up this is a very fun chatty
video let's get these brows on brows so
I'm using honest hacia powder and I'm
using it in the shade chocolate you know
there's like - oh my god that's so bad
you know X game mode I'm using chocolate
and I'm just kind of mixing the two
shades together this thing says twelve
months on it I've had this thing for
like ten years I swear to God
let's try to not draw on black eye brows
today oh my god y'all next game mode I
miss my mom I haven't seen my mom and in
weeks I mean obviously we FaceTime and
[ __ ] but it's not the same hey Pheebs is
calling hold please okay okay okay
the amount of tik-tok songs is that game
yeah so transcend is this shade here it
looks a lighter on camera than it
actually is it's just like the most
perfect brown for me I have a really
hard time with Browns I feel like a lot
of that especially I go warmer brown a
lot of them turn like gay like a purpley
Mavi shade on me in that [ __ ] so this
shade doesn't really do that so I'm
gonna focus this color on the outer
portion of my eye
so let me dub this oh my god oh I can
touch my eye that's nice so I'm gonna
focus this out here
because I want to use like this shimmery
shade that I have on the inner portion
of our eye I love this supreme nudes
palette it's so I don't know I just
really love the packaging of it it's
very like nostalgic it looks like a
palette like that my mom would have had
I just really really enjoyed this
palette I'm gonna take this shade here
which is nudists and I'm just gonna
place this above I'm then gonna take the
same brush we've been using and go in
with the shade aesthetic which is the
shade here and then we're gonna do it's
dark in this up a little bit just adding
a little bit more definition to our eye
so I don't like to darken anything up
too much until I put my lashes on
because then I feel like when my lashes
are on I can really see where I want the
darker portion I'm debating if I want to
do a little semi cut crease because I
want to add this shimmery shade on top
and I have a little bit of a hooded lip
if I don't do this
the sparkles will get like everywhere so
use a concealer okay because not
everyone has base I'm just gonna use
this Pat McGrath concealer because I
have it sitting right next to me pop
this on my lid here and then look up and
then wherever it hits that's how you
know where you need to go so I don't
need it to be perfect either
because it's not like oh really not
doing like a really sculpted eye I just
prefer to do this like I said because it
just keeps the shimmer where I want the
shimmer otherwise if I were to just put
the shimmer on my lid it would be all
the way up to my brow by the depth by
the time the day was over so this just
kind of gives you a little bit more
control of the shims with my finger
because I can so this is from who is
this from fabulous makeup and it's just
a loose shimmer and the shade is called
gap Gatsby well
x-games load it's so pretty like the
camera can't even handle it well it
doesn't have um like a little sifter so
be careful I'm gonna use these double up
one 13s from ardell and then I think the
most important part is this like pushing
your lashes up so when your eyes open
you can actually see your lashes and
they're standing like this and not like
this I know I always say it but just
trying to pound it into your head to
push your lashes upwards yay hi we're
over here
we're over here thank you and then we'll
add some mascara to these towards the in
but you get the picture I feel like
after our eyes then [ __ ] just moves so
quick okay I'm gonna use some of the Pat
McGrath concealer this is in
light/medium ten only because I feel
like my dose of colors is just gonna be
a little too light so we'll go ahead and
just use this guy which still looks
pretty light but it's okay I can do that
weird [ __ ] where I put it on my chin you
know I don't know who I was that day
this concealer is really good I always
like to blend like the edges of my
concealer first like where it meets with
the foundation and if you have like any
larger pores on your cheeks like I do
you can like swirl your brush in a
circular motion like and it just kind of
makes them disappear
I'm also like magic and then once I
start to get like where I want the
coverage I start pouncing the brush
I can't contour my nose but I can put
concealer on the side of it which just
kind of gives it its own little natural
contour but yeah where I want the most
coverage I do just like a lot of tapping
not so much like swirls I'm just pushing
the product into the skin here
and we'll go here pull it back and then
here like around the edges is when I
start to like swirl because it just
helps to blend it and take it down
underneath my nose because it gets red
under here I'm gonna take our foundation
brush I like to just tap this over it
whoops know what that sound effect was
I'm gonna use this Pat McGrath under eye
setting powder gosh this this one is a
little busted but I'm still gonna use it
because they're still how the product
did it wow it's so nice to use my
fingers put that under the eye I use
light most of the time I just feel like
that might be a little bright today so
I'm gonna use medium which is really
pretty medium is really nice if you
don't want like a super bright under eye
pretty and then to set the rest of the
fees you know I'm you already know what
I'm gonna use don't act like you don't
baby girl
we've been watching the ozarks like we
watched a season 1 and season 2 again
before we watch season 3 so we keep
saying baby girl so I'm gonna use my
makeup forever matte velvet skin
blurring powder foundation and I'm just
going to set this I'm just gonna use
this to lightly set my face so your
powder puff and go into that same
I don't know what it is about the
powderpuff but it just makes everything
like just so much smoother caddy oh for
sure brick bronzer brush bronzer brush
is this guy from Charlotte Tilbury this
is her powder and sculpt brush and the
bronzer that I'm using is from lawless
and this is in the shade summer skin I
do the temple area which is like here
for my eyebrow back so from like the
arch of my brow back into my hairline
and then we'll do a little here put some
on your damn Scout too and then I'm
gonna use this peachy tone blush from
persona so pretty just has like a light
sheen to it it just makes your cheeks
look healthy
and then this is our powder foundation
brush I'm just pouncing over everything
all right we are almost done here we
have a few more things to do so I'm
going to spray my face with some
sweating spray just trying to avoid my
eyes I wish I had a little shield I
don't know what happened to mine but and
then there's nothing on this brush I'm
just using it to push the setting spray
into my skin just speeding up the
soaking in process and now we're going
to glow it up because I want to be
really glowy outside so I'm gonna use my
Nicole Guerrero glow kit with Anastacio
you guys know well if you don't know
this is back in stock we brought it back
for a limited time because you don't
even understand like how I still this
came out three years ago right I'm not
even positive but the amount of messages
that I would still get on the regular
asking when this is coming back so I'm
super excited that it is back in stores
it is available on Sephora you can get
it on anastacio site it is available in
store as well and it's just it's just my
child it's my firstborn child I'm just
so proud of this palette it is
definitely suitable for all skin tones
there's a color in here for everybody a
fan favorite is glow getter glow Gators
on my I mean obviously they're all of my
favorite shades
it's my palette I'm just gonna use my
finger first and I'm gonna take a little
bit of glow Gator and add it to my nose
people either love a nose highlight or
they hate a nose highlight me I love it
nose highlight I'm also gonna add some
here just not all the way down my nose
just there like that a fake contour if
you will
Carly I miss you any time I think of a
nose contour clearly I think of the
Queen I'm gonna use the Anastasio
highlighting brush because it's the best
one so I'm just gonna take a little bit
and I'm gonna do more like forehead
highlight cuz I really like this here
just think it looks really natural hit
our forehead and I'm gonna take glow
getter and kitty-kat and add it to my
collarbone here blend that in with our
finger
and I like it right here like in the
center of our chest if you use your
finger you get a more intense glow then
if you were to use a brush so I like to
do the brush first and then I go back in
with my fingers get your brush your
highlight brush and just kind of blend
that and then I take our powder brush
it's just really bright blend it and
then you just have like this really
beautiful healthy looking glow and I do
my shoulders too I'm using the shade of
Glo Gator you're glowing outside my
neighbors are gonna be like what is that
over there pop it here my finger
and you can bring it down ever so
slightly with your fingers should just
hit that Apple
look how gluey we look okay healthy so
yeah she is available if you guys missed
out on her before now is your chance to
get it so much love to all of you that
have already gotten it like I'm
overwhelmed with how many of you guys
send me pictures of your glow kits it's
just wild like it's still wild to me it
was wild when it first came out it's
wild that it's back out I'm on Sephora
and I see this on there and I'm just
like so I'm gonna use this borderline
lip liner from peaches and cream it's
just a needy how do you so we're gonna
do duh duh I think I'm gonna add a
little bit darker shade just for a
little bit more definition as you can
see it a little bit but not too much
this is the shade feline from the same
brand I got these online a while ago and
it came like in a little five pack so it
had a bunch of like five of these nude
lip line what and like five of these
nude liners so I'm just gonna add this
shade for more definition like yeah
that's really pretty and then for my lip
I'm gonna use a shade from Mac which is
called flirt of coral I don't have my
glasses on so it's a little hard to see
I'm just like this really pretty peachy
like it has a little bit of shimmer in
the lipstick itself really pretty and
then for my gloss I'm going to use
Carly's lip gloss with L Mashiach
this one is in Twilight
and that is it I know we look a little
different than we did when we first
started I don't even know who I am right
now but I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I don't have anything else to tell
you except I love you thank you so much
for watching and I will see you guys
super soon in a new video bye guys
