hello and welcome back to my channel
let's make sure this mic is on today I'm
gonna show you guys how I blow dry this
hair most of the time I just air dry my
hair it's really really fast and simple
I don't have a brush here I don't have a
brush so let's actually just brush
through this really quick and quickly I
want to thank Aussie for sponsoring this
video all the links to the products that
I will be mentioning will be listed down
below I shampooed and deep conditioned
in my hair and I used the Aussie on the
men 3 minute miracle Reconstructor which
is a deep conditioner I don't have any
other product in my hair and it's just
brushing it's so easy like my hair never
brushes this easy and this is so
nostalgic for me when I was like with
shampooing my hair I felt like I was
getting ready for teen night like was
gonna come out I was gonna scrunch my
hair but I was gonna like slicked these
front pieces down you know what I'm
talking about
you know what I'm talking about this guy
is infused with a triple blend of
avocado Australian jojoba and macadamia
oils and has no parabens dyes or glue in
it so it's just really a nostalgic
smelling I'm quickly gonna dry up my
hair and then I'll show you how I style
it so that it's not super clean feel I
don't know I just don't really love
freshly washed blow-dried hair because
it mine just kind of like falls all of
my face so I'm gonna show you what I do
afterwards
but let's get to it I'm just gonna use
my Dyson Air app with this attachment I
forget what it's called but this is my
favorite one my hair has been in a towel
the entire time I was doing my makeup so
it's pretty dry I never blow-dry my hair
when it's super damp like it's almost
dries
okay so this is just my blow-dried hair
looks like I didn't do like a nice
blow-dryer or anything like that I
basically just wanted to get my hair dry
so that we can move on to the next steps
I'm gonna curl my hair and then I'm
gonna show you this like amazing dry
texture shampoo it's probably the best
dry shampoo situation I've ever used
it's so absorbent it adds texture to
your hair and it doesn't leave any kind
of residue so I'm gonna I'm gonna use a
pretty big barrel today you know
section this into two sections the top
and the bottom so we're just gonna curl
or more like wave I do like actually
curls are just gonna wrap this guy
around the barrel
since the barrel is a little bit bigger
I'm just gonna hold it for a little bit
longer just to make sure that it
actually takes the curl if you're really
using a smaller barrel you really
wouldn't have to hold it as long I feel
like this is like a two inch barrel that
I'm using
we were slow
we're looking like this right and Rose
when I do that alright so this is the
product that I was talking about this is
the Aussie after-hours textured dry
shampoo and again has no parabens no
sulfates or gluten and it says it has a
light cleansing and virtually no residue
now when you first spray it on your hair
one it has that nostalgic Ossie scrunch
your hair smell to it
mmm but - after I first sprayed it in my
hair I was like oh like it felt like it
was gonna be like a ton of residue but
once you start like getting it in there
literally no residue on your fingers and
I had like I had like really grease or
her the other day but I also love using
it when I have freshly washed hair
because freshly washed hair just kind of
doesn't really cooperate and it just
falls flat and does what it wants so I
like to add this after I do my curls
because it adds a lot of texture to my
hair it makes my hair look more full I'm
gonna spray this all throughout my hair
concentrating on the roots and they all
go out there and then you really want to
get in there and massage the product
around so that it really absorbs and
gives you that texture that you want so
here's the side with it and the side
without it so I'm gonna add this it
smells so good
we just look like we have so much more
hair than we started with also it's
really great I really love to use this
when I'm gonna put my hair up in a bun
because it gives your hair so much
texture that your bun really stays like
locked so I use the big barrel because I
don't really want like a curled effect I
just want it like a little bit of extra
body to the hair so that's why I use
such a big one but if you want more
curls in your hair I would definitely
recommend using a smaller one and then
last but not least I'm going to finish
it off with the Aussie luster this is a
shine enhancing a hair perfume and when
I spray this I spray it pretty far from
my hair mmm just so that I'm not like
dousing my hair in it but it still gives
it that shine effect and it smells good
so this is kind of like my go-to hair
whenever I do blow-dry my hair
it's prepped it's ready to go for
whatever else I want to do to it the
texture spray really just adds so much
to your hair you can like feel it in
your hair your hair does feel thicker
and fuller and it absorbs oil so well I
will show you guys in a vlog when my
hair is like a little more on the dirty
side so that you guys can see just how
well it cleanses the hair it does say
like a light cleansing on it but to me
it's a pretty great dry shampoo so it's
my whole room smells like it's like 2004
in here just smells so good but it is so
hot at home guys that I'm gonna actually
wear my hair just like in a cute low bun
and I have these like really cute hair
scrunchies are gonna use this and you
have finer hair like me you're probably
gonna want to put an actual hair tie in
first so it holds your hair so I'm gonna
do a low bun today just because I've
been wearing like really high buns and I
want to do like a little bit of a lower
one today because I do find them cute I
find them like sporty spice it's gonna
pull my hair back and I'm just gonna
leave my like little fringe bits out
like so my hair feels so thick it's
crazy what that drive texture spray does
so I'm just gonna take my hair and put
it in just a pony with a regular elastic
and you guys know that I like messy hair
so I just always like pull this up a
little bit and then I pull this out
then we don't want that girl you could
leave it as a cute ponytail and take
this cute scrunchie and wrap it around
as well because I feel like the
scrunchie drill a just like adds so much
to it oh let me make it big on this side
too you can pull it and like just adjust
but I think I'm just gonna leave it in a
low pony today actually and then I'm
gonna take this texture spray again and
just spray it in there for like added
volume and then I'm just going to do a
little more shine spray back there as
well here everyday
I like messy hair but if you want to
make it a little more sleek up here you
can if you live in Florida you know that
we have not been able to wear our hair
down because we've had like heat
warnings every day for the past week so
I just can't have it like on my neck so
my hair has either been in a button a
low bun a high bun a pony it's just not
been down okay so that is it for me guys
I hope you enjoyed make sure you check
the bottom bar for any of the Aussie
products they're so nostalgic I just
love them so much and out of all the dry
shampoos in the entire world I really
think that this guy is the best
so that is it for me I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in another video
