hey you know the deal let's get this mic
over here where we belong but we don't
want you in the shot sir it slashes up
okay okay hello and welcome back to my
Channel today I'm gonna be sharing with
you guys a bunch of just hair stuff you
guys know that I've taken my extensions
out so I just kind of want to talk to
you about my hair texture a lot of you
want to see how to clip in hair
extensions and I'm just gonna show you
basically everything I use for my hair
and then we're gonna talk about if I'm
gonna go back to permanent extensions or
if I'm just gonna let my natural hair
live well before we get into that I
realized that we didn't do an audible
pick last month so I really quickly want
to give you guys my audible pick of the
month
I've been partnered with audible forever
I love listening to audiobooks it's one
of my most favorite things to do I think
I listen to like four during quarantine
but I'm only gonna recommend you guys
the one that I could not put down but
before I share the book with you guys if
you want to try audible for yourself all
you have to do is go to audible.com
slash Nicol or you can text Nicole to
500 500 audible has an unmatched
selection of books whatever you want
they have it they also have audible
originals which of course you can only
find on the audible app so the book that
I'm currently listening in to is called
and then she was gone can we get a focus
No hello shake a check oh there we go
oh of course right the title is called
then she was gone I finished this
audiobook I think maybe a few weeks ago
maybe two or three weeks ago now I could
not stop listening to it it's a little
on the dark side so it is a thriller but
it is so captivating it is really good I
highly recommend it it was ten hours
which really isn't that long I feel like
you can get through that pretty quickly
so if you are into thrillers I highly
recommend this one even if you're not
into thrillers I feel like give it a go
cuz I wasn't into thrillers at first but
I feel like listening to an audiobook
with a thriller just makes it like well
so if you guys want to listen to this
book for yourself again you can go to
audible.com slash the call and you're in
there so my hair is currently up in a
messy bun but we will be taking this
down because I will be showing you guys
how to clip in hair extensions and just
give you my recommendation of the ones
that I feel like are the
for your buck let's start with the most
basic thing which is shampoo and
conditioner I'm gonna give you guys two
options my first ones are from L'Oreal
and this is the L'Oreal L vivre
LEDs and this is dream Lynx this is a
restoring shampoo and a super detangle
air conditioner it says it's meant for
long hair girl I'm just gonna use this
regardless of how long my hair is the
restoring shampoo says it has fine
castor oil and vitamins and it visibly
repairs links without weighing down your
hair and then the conditioner says it
instantly detangles to reduce breakage
these are completely empty I have a
little bit of shampoo but this is
completely empty like I always have
leftover shampoo I feel like conditioner
bottles should just be a little bit
bigger one the smell of these is
absolutely amazing it stays in your hair
all day long you can blow-dry your hair
and your hair will literally smell like
this for days it's so I don't even have
I don't even have words to describe it
it's just so delicious I was using it
when I had my extensions in and then I
was using it when I took my extensions
out I do think that it helped with
breakage my hair did feel stronger when
I would brush it these are a great
option if you're looking for something
to help stop breakage in your hair and
you want to kind of add vitamins and
strength to your hair these are my
favorites and the smell I love a shampoo
that stays in your hair like I love a
shampoo conditioner scent that stays
with you so before we talk about the
next two that I'm using I feel like I
should tell you what my hair type is I
have kind of in-between hair I don't
have curly hair and I don't have
straight hair I know people think that I
do but I don't when we pull this hair
down I will show you what my air dried
hair looks like but it's kind of
in-between I also have fine hair but
have been told that I have a lot of fine
hair so my actual follicle itself is
very fine it's not a thick piece of hair
but again I've been told I have a lot of
hair when you wear extensions for a long
time and then you take your extensions
out and people tell you you have a lot
of hair you're like girl bye I don't
know what you're talking about but since
being in quarantine and having my
extensions out now for almost two months
I do agree I have fine hair but a [ __ ]
got a lot of hair okay so I do things
too
hair to make it look more full after I
blow-dry my hair which I will be showing
you guys how I do really quickly that's
what I noticed that my hair is fine
like when I air dry it I feel like it
has a lot of volume to it but when I
blow-dry it obviously it looks a lot
smoother and lot sleeker but that's when
I noticed that my hair is fine so I've
been using these products from charities
and this is from their den Sophie Klein
which is for hair that is visibly
lacking density which is fullness very
into these again the conditioner is
almost gone
and we still got shampoo this was my
first time ever trying any carrot tease
products I don't know what made me go
online I think I was looking for
products to make hair look fuller and I
just stumbled across these and it was my
first time trying these and I don't
think that I'll go back to another
shampoo conditioner literally after the
first time I wash my hair and blow dry
my hair my hair felt thicker it looked
thicker you guys will see I get comments
from you guys all the time now
like I posted a video the other day and
I had my hair like freshly blown out
which is from what you guys will see in
this video and so many comments on your
hair looks so full it looks so bouncy it
looks so voluminous and I'm telling you
guys it's the shampoo and conditioner I
don't know what kind of magic they put
in here to make your hair seem fuller
but I I live for the shampoo and
conditioner if you have fine hair like
me I would definitely give these a try
kara T's is a little more on the pricey
side of the spectrum and the bottles are
a little small Katy this shampoo bottles
a little small but there's no denying
that it did make my hair look fuller not
only look fuller when I felt it it felt
fuller in my hands I was like again what
kind of magic are you guys putting in
these products ok let's talk about some
hair treatments again from the same
L'Oreal line I love this one this is the
no cut cream this is 8 a leave-in
conditioner with again fine castor oil
and vitamins and it says it helps to
seal split ends and reduce breakage
again it says long damaged hair on here
but girl we're gonna put this in
whatever length hair we have smells
again so good the smell lingers and I
was just using these like in conjunction
when I was using these again I was using
it when I had hair extensions in so it
was real
the heart to see I did notice that my
hair extensions were more manageable
when I put in the sleeping cream so if
you kind of have a bonded in kind of
permitted extension that you sleep with
and you wash with that's a really good
cream and it didn't like dry out my
extensions because you got to be careful
when you have permanent hair extensions
because sometimes products that you put
in are not meant for your hair
extensions and it's just like what are
you doing girl and it can end up drying
them out so I feel like the castor oil
in that really helped to nourish the
extensions I should probably try it on
my natural hair right but I haven't I'll
show you what I've been using it's
another carrot ease product I'm sorry I
went a little crazy on their website
this is the carrot tease it's so hard to
read like I don't have my glasses on and
it like it's just really hard to see but
I believe it says it's the eight-hour
magic night serum okay eight-hour magic
night serum and he's he's getting a
little low he's getting a little low so
we're gonna have to read up on this guy
I'm gonna try to reap to you what it
says but it's like a weird bottle to
read from you know what I can't even
read the back so I'm gonna tell you what
I think it is this is a reparative kind
of treatment for dry damaged hair I've
been using it since I've had my
extensions out and I think it makes such
a difference in how my hair feels it's
that you're supposed to put this in damp
hair dry hair whatever kind of hair you
have I've used it in my damp hair and
then let my hair air dried and I've also
used it in my damp hair and blow-dried
my hair after it like without leaving it
in for the eight hours or whatever and
I've gotten like beautiful results not a
product that leaves any kind of residue
on your hair it doesn't weigh your hair
down even if you put it in your dry hair
and go to sleep with it when you wake up
the next morning it's like you'd never
put anything in your hair it just
absorbs really nicely into the hair and
again doesn't leave any residue which
for me is huge I don't like to feel
anything in my hair I don't like
anything that weighs it down I wanted to
just feel like hair I want to put all
the good stuff in it but I don't want it
to feel like that and that's what this
guy does so again it is the eight-hour
magic night serum another one I'm sure
everybody has heard of this one but
olaplex number three this is a very good
hair treatment to try if you never have
I do think that it does what it says it
repairs and it strengthens damaged hair
this one you're not going to leave on
overnight you're only going to apply
this to your hair for 1020 minutes I'm
not gonna lie though sometimes I do
leave it on for a little bit longer than
that and you're gonna do this guy
probably two to three times a week just
depending on the damage of your hair or
the dryness of your hair I use it mainly
once a week because I feel like my hair
is really good at this point it's not as
damaged as it used to be and you guys
don't know I've said it a million times
I had a chemical cut when I had all
those crazy colors in my hair and it
took a long time for my hair to get
healthy again and now I feel very secure
about my hair I was very insecure when
the chemical cut happened I don't even
have pictures of what my hair looked
like when it happened it was very
traumatic I had if I don't even want to
like relive it it was just a very
traumatic experience for me guys I will
just say that if you've ever had a
chemical cut which if you don't know
what that means it means the bleach was
left on your head for too long and it
chopped your [ __ ] right off it is a very
traumatic experience
yes it's hair yes it grows back thank
God but when it happens you're like I've
had so many of you reach out in my DMS
and share your stories and your guys's
we're even more traumatic than mine was
so the good thing is we will regrow our
hair does grow back so in the beginning
I was using a lot of olaplex all my own
my hair I didn't take my hair extensions
out for two years you guys this is the
this is the longest I've ever been
without hair extensions and I'm kind of
grateful for quarantine happening
because the first day that I took my
hair extensions out guys I was like oh
my god I felt bald I felt like I had no
hair and then as like the days and the
week started to go on like I started to
appreciate my hair more for what it was
and then I kind of realized how much it
had grown and I was very grateful for it
I felt like in most two years I just
couldn't live without the hair
extensions like I was so dependent on
them and it's really nice to feel like
secure like in your own natural hair and
I don't have to lean on my extensions as
a crutch in
more you know I highly recommend olaplex
if you have any kind of severe damage to
your hair they have like a whole line
like shampoo conditioner all that jazz
but if you wanted to just try one
product from the line I would definitely
recommend the number three which is
their hair Perfector I feel like I went
off on a tangent there and I hope you
guys don't mind we're just gonna be
telling stories in this video you can
also do some at-home hair treatments I'm
gonna show you like the three the ones
that I kind of just mix up and make my
own concoction just kind of blending
stuff together whatever I like so
obviously we all know about castor oil
to help grow your brows your lashes your
hair castor oil has like a lot of
antioxidants and like fatty acids in it
which is really good at promoting like
healthy hair growth the thing that I
don't like about castor oil is it's so
thick it is so thick to seize okay to
seize that I can't really massage it
like into my hair so if ever I used
castor oil I have to mix it with some
sort of other oil that is like a thinner
consistency that so that I can really
get in and massage my scalp so castor
oil is usually always my base when I'm
making kind of like my own hair
concoction I'm not gonna show you guys
any recipes because I literally am just
in the kitchen like and then I put it in
damp air so castor oil is really great
and then I also really like that Bercow
oil you can see like how thin the
apricot oil is this is you can you can
use these on your skin too don't think
that you can so this is great for like
softening fine lines and this one
nourishes dry hair as well also sweet
almond oil is really good for cuticles
your dry skin your dry hair basically
anything so I mix this guy in the mix
and then lastly jojoba oil is just like
a multi-purpose kind of moisturizing oil
so I'll throw a little bit of this in
the mix as well I've gotten all of these
from Amazon the ones that I had before
were these smaller bottles and I thought
that's what I was reorganised jumbo
bottles so just check the size these are
eight ounces and these are sixteen
ounces this is gonna last there's no
last me forever okay I'm bout to start
making my own body oils and [ __ ] so if
you're gonna put some kind of oil in
your hair just make sure your hair is
damp so that your cuticle is open and
it's like really absorbing into your
hair and I will legit leave these like
oils on my hair for like 24
hours I'm not really concerned about it
it's just moisturizing the hair and I
don't have any issues when I wash them
out like there's no oily residue or
anything like that it's just like really
nice hydrated hair so a few supplements
that I take as well because everything
you know you can do all you want to the
outside but really things that are going
on inside are going to contribute to
your hair growth and whatnot so you want
to make sure you're eating lots of
greens you're getting all your vitamins
and if you're not getting enough of your
nutrients from what you're eating you
can obviously supplement things with
vitamins people are always up and down
about vitamins you know you pee them out
it doesn't work blah blah blah
me personally I am a vitamin taker I've
been taking vitamins for years I feel
like they really help me they keep me
healthy because I am I'm a very picky
eater
I don't eat as much as I should I just I
just got a supplement things for a while
I was a vegetarian almost a vegan like I
was like not eating any meat I've gone
back to eating chicken which oh I think
the chicken every time I have to eat it
I'm like thank you so much for this
protein you provide I don't want to eat
the chicken but I do it's really the
only meat that I do eat I mean I eat
fish and stuff and I always think
whatever I'm eating for providing me
with nutrients we all know that biotin
is like kind of like the beauty vitamin
it's it helps with hair growth nail
growth all that jazz and I do take a
hair vitamin I take the hair 2min gummy
vitamin I just don't have any to show
you guys I'll pop it up somewhere on the
screen so you see what I'm talking about
I actually have some on the way here I
feel like those really do help the
growth of my hair I've been taking them
for a while and these like my hair okay
it's getting pretty long but I feel like
an under rated vitamin in the hair
growth category is zinc I take zinc
every single day not only is it really
good at keeping the immune system
working and healthy and all that jazz
but it also is really good for promoting
healthy hair so what zinc does is it
helps the hair tissue growth and it
really helps to repair the hair it also
keeps the oil glands around your
follicles working properly because we're
healthy hair comes from is a healthy
scalp so I take zinc every single day
you only have to take one of these and I
feel like not a lot
people know about zinc for hair growth
biotin is great for hair growth I just
feel like zinc is like the unsung hero
and he really plays an important role if
you've never tried zinc maybe try it
maybe don't and then before we get into
the hair extensions there's one more
kind of miracle magical product that I
can't live without and it is the L'Oreal
magic root cover-up
this is technically made for anybody
that has gray roots and they just wanna
kind of want to cover up the roots when
they're like in between appointments but
for me and anybody that has fine hair or
anybody that just kind of wears their
hair up if you have to take care you can
kind of get these little bald spots here
where your hair kind of just pulls up
more like that like this guy here cuz
that's probably where an extension lived
for a long-ass time I use this to just
make my hair look more full so I'm gonna
try to do this and not spray it all over
my face this is great for creating faux
freckles as well so if you get a little
on your face don't be alarmed and I like
that it has like this little can you see
it on my head this little pointy nozzle
because it helps to kind of get the
product where you want it to go you can
do this with the eyeshadow this is just
a lot faster so boom we instantly look
like we have fuller thicker hair
compared to this side this side versus
this side so we'll go ahead see this guy
this like we'll get rid of here to make
this part look thicker if you want and
boom now we have fuller looking hair
sometimes I go all the way up here like
that so it just looks more full like you
see this little spot right here like
we're gonna cover that boom now mmm I
can't live without the root cover up
spray you can do it in the back of your
hair if somebody helps you like
sometimes you have like a little bald
spot back here or something like at the
nape of your neck it just really helps
your hair to look fuller because you
can't you can't see my scalp now I don't
always do it but like say I'm going
somewhere I'm like filming a video it
just really helps everything to look
more full just know that if you were to
touch this with your fingers you would
love your fingers I do it all the time
sometimes I'm like scratching my head
because I really like to like massage my
head for scalp stimulation and I'll
forget and I'm like what the and I'm
like oh it's rude cover-up but I
probably shouldn't spread that in my
hair because we're about to do our hair
we're about to talk about extensions
hair extensions a girl's best friend
right I love hair extensions I've been
wearing hair extensions for 10 plus
years now when I had long hair I was
wearing hair extensions short hair
medium hair purple hair gray hair pink
hair black hair red hair brown hair okay
I I love hair extensions I think it's
really cool to have versatility I think
it's really nice to add thickness length
whatever you want you want to snatch the
pony throw in some extensions just don't
be like me and feel like you have to
lean on your hair for confidence because
I did that for those two years it was
the only time in my life that I felt
like I could not live without hair
extensions you guys I only had my hair
out for like 24-hour periods at a time
and I was like put it right back in when
I got that chemical cut i legit had hair
extensions right here to my part because
these pieces of my hair were like this
shorter like literally up to here and
the hair extensions sat right at my part
I couldn't move my hair this way I could
barely put it behind my ears I just felt
so reliant on them like like I was
saying earlier for me the most positive
thing that came out of quarantine is I
feel very happy and secure it in my
natural self now I understand hair is a
sensitive subject
thinning women have thinning hair all
the time guys my hair is thinning up
front like it's a natural occurrence
like if it's if it's part of your
genetics it's gonna happen so hair
extensions are kind of a nice way to
build your confidence back up with your
hair but don't be reliant on them I
understand that it happens we all go
there just make sure you find your way
back to not being reliant on them for me
I've used every type of hair extension
clip-ins
bond it gluten sowed in taping am I
missing anything
am I missing I've tried every extent
method there is and I think I'm gonna go
back to just using clip in extensions
I'm just gonna let my hair grow and do
its thing and just if I want more hair
sometimes I'll clip in extensions I
really like the versatility of having
short hair and then clipping in long
hair like it's like one of my favorite
things to do because then you just have
so many options if I were to always just
have long hair it's a lot harder to make
it short than it is to make it long so
let me take my hair down and we'll clip
these guys in and I'll show you how I
kind of make my air dried hair look a
little cuter I get questions too on like
what color my hair is my hair is kind of
like at a level for which I feel like it
always just naturally goes to ok so this
is my I sprayed all that freaking route
cover up in my hair which was not smart
so here's my air dried hair that's been
brushed so it looks a little better
already because I've already brushed it
before I put brushed it I already
brushed it before I put it up into the
bun but my hair color is basically a
level 4 I always buy number 4 extensions
and it's literally the same color as my
hair I do have like some highlighted
pieces which need to be redone I think
that's what I'm gonna do next time I go
to the salon is I'm just wanting to get
a trim because it really it really needs
a trim very important if you want your
hair to grow you obviously want to cut
off your dead ends so it needs a trim
and I'll probably just get my highlights
done you see this is the root cover up
I'm not gonna get hair extensions put
back in because what it is why too
comfortable to sleep without them too
I've been working out way more and it's
just so much easier and more enjoyable
to work out when you don't have 200
grams of Herot a CH to your head so I've
decided that I shall not be going back
to permanent hair extensions clip-ins
for your girl the clip ins that I'm
currently using are from Zala
and I highly highly recommend these
these are the 20 inches and they are in
120 grams and they are in the shade
number 4 and I think that these are just
like really amazing hair extensions so
I'm gonna show you what I do I'm gonna
use all of them that come in the set and
I think they're around like 120 bucks
which is actually pretty good I haven't
cut these to blend with my hair
haven't done anything to them this is
literally them straight out of the
package so this is all the hair these a
brush so like I was saying in the
beginning I have fine hair so I like to
use hair extensions clippings that are
on the lower end of the gram so mine are
only 120 grams if you have thicker hair
than me you're probably going to want to
get thicker hair extensions I try to
match the thickness of the hair
extensions to the thickness of my hair
so if you guys have thick hair at home
you're gonna want to get a hair
extension that has a higher Gramm number
I think they go all the way up to like
two hundred and forty maybe three
hundred and twenty grams that's where
people that have really really thick
hair because if you have thick hair and
you try to put these hundred and twenty
grams into your hair you're gonna hate
it you're gonna be like what's up is
this because it's just not the same as
your natural hair so I'm gonna just yeah
I don't start all the way at the bottom
of my neck I start right above my ears
and then this will be where our first
clip goes and it doesn't have to be
perfect people will tell you that it
needs to be perfect I'll tell you that
you need to tease your hair you only got
to do all that ok so my first piece that
goes in is this 3 clip hair extension if
you've never used clip pins it's very
easy they have these little Clips like
this that just snap open and closed and
hopefully you guys can see this I'm
gonna try to do this backwards so I'm
just going to fit it to my head and the
clips usually sit right here behind my
ears so I put the clip here and I kind
of swirl the hair so it kind of creates
like a little anchor for the hair to sit
on this kind of you don't have to really
tease your hair if you do it this way
and then boom that piece of hair is it
will go a little bit above that piece we
just put in in the middle is where our
biggest piece is gonna go which I
believe this is 5 clips to clip into
your hair and then same thing I'm just
going to flip it and clip it and again
I'm just gonna swirl the hair into the
clip just to create a little anchorage
you don't have to do this I don't do it
all the time but if you are on the more
fine side of the spectrum you want to
give it a little anchor to hold onto you
can tease it if you want you can throw
some dry shampoo in between the clips
just whatever you need to do everyone
has like their own method of putting in
hair and then we're gonna go right up
here I feel like this hair that you put
in here is the most important hair
because it makes everything look more
blended probably shoulda blow-dried my
hair for this but it's okay this is like
a more realistic version of me putting
in my hair extensions so I'm gonna go
pretty high here so probably somewhere
around there and we're going a to
section that again you guys can be
perfect if you want this is a very
realistic version of me clipping in my
hair so on this side of my head I will
use this to clip extension and I clip
this pretty close to the front of my
head like literally to the front of my
head I'll clip these I kind of round it
so this kind of does like a curved back
there and then these two little pieces I
always feel like people don't know what
to do with these like little pieces of
hair extensions these are actually
pretty big for being they're single
clips and I'll just clip it as like a
two-piece so it matches the other side
so actually gonna pull some of this hair
and do the same thing so we'll clip him
pretty close to the front here and I
will clip the other one clip right next
to it just to kind of give the same
effect that's happening on this side of
the hair ma'am we'll get to you and then
you can let everything down let it fall
right where's this going this is going
over here and then this is kind of what
it looks like when it's just clipped in
it's not styled my hair doesn't really
match the texture cuz my hairs all wonky
right now but we'll give it a brush with
everything in it if you're gonna brush
your hair with clip-in extensions kind
of hold here so you're not pulling the
clips from your head and this there's
freaking setting powder all over the
back of it this is the wet dry brush
that I talked about in my at-home
favorites it's really great at brushing
hair extensions because it doesn't do a
lot of pulling and tugging but even
though it doesn't do a lot of pulling
and tugging just be cautious when you're
brushing it's so easy to clip in hair
like I said I feel like the most
important part is here so the closer you
clip to your face the more it's going to
hide the actual length of your hair
some people get annoyed that it doesn't
blend and like your hair kind of sticks
out when my hair was really sure
and I was using clipping extensions I
would just pin this up before I clipped
in my hair so that part wouldn't hang
out you just take a bobby pin pin it up
and then you don't have that little
short piece my hair is kind of at the
length now that it will just blend and
do its thing sue how for these hair
extensions to be honest and then the
heat protecting that I always like to
use is from dry bar and this is their
honey body heat protectant spray so just
going to spray some of this me
personally I like a spray like this I'm
just going it to wave some pieces I know
you guys were a little mad about the
Dyson hair straightener before but it is
what I'm going to use because it's
really the only straightener that I can
use to do this if you don't want to use
this you can obviously just use like a
triple barrel waver you know give you
kind of a similar effect this is what I
do when I have air dried hair because I
have some texture to it I will just do s
waves in my hair so I'm just gonna take
this piece here and I'm gonna push it
through like this and then I'm gonna
turn it it is a skill that you kind of
have to work with but then you have like
that wavy piece like that and I kind of
just go around the perimeter of my hair
when I use this I know it's an expensive
ass hair straightener I am aware guys
I've bought in every other Dyson hair
product that I own I know they are
expensive I get it I get it guys they
took seven years to make this hair
straightener does it justify the price
tag no no Dyson is more of a technology
company so you're paying really for the
technology of something but I get it I
get it guys I get it um I'm sorry that I
upset you I just do pieces that I feel
like need it I don't do it to all the
pieces because not all the pieces need
it and like already it's looking cute
like that if you don't have this to wave
your hair and do these s curls I would
use just a waver like the triple barrel
waver because it'll give you kind of
that same vibe
these are just more of like flat waves
if you guys have followed me for a while
you know that I am a messy hair queen
and it's just my favorite kind of hair I
don't I hate like super dawn hair just
like why it's hair supposed to do what
it wants to do well and then BOOM okay
let's throw some of this hair off the
back you guys get the vibe right he's
hot as soon as I clipped in my hair my
body was like oh we're not used to this
anymore but I'm just like really into
these like flat effortless I mean it's
not effortless great got a little work
in I'm just kind of into like that flat
wave and I really only have to do like
five or six pieces and I'm done so it's
nice to not have to do your whole entire
head but yeah I hope I answered all of
your guy's hair questions if I didn't
send me a DM on Instagram because I'm
more likely to get back to you guys on
there I talked to hundreds of you guys
on a daily basis I will leave my
Instagram link and all that jazz in the
bottom bar I'm just more inclined to get
back to you on Instagram so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I hope you found
some products that you love if you have
any of your favorite hair products
please leave them down below and share
the wealth girl cuz we want to know we
want to know what's good so that is it
for me guys I don't think I have
anything else to tell you except I love
you and I will see you guys super soon
in another video bye guys
