hello and welcome back to my channel so
today's video I'm gonna show you guys
the look that I have been just
gravitating towards every single time I
do my makeup it's really easy you can
skip the liner you can do the liner that
we're gonna do in the video I just like
to do the liner because I feel like it
makes your lash line look so big thick
with two C's when I first tried this
benefit Porefessional the hydrating
primer I didn't love it but the more
that I use it it has grown on me and now
I just love it so much it does a good
job at hydrating you but also a good job
at just concealing any larger pores that
you might have on your face so once
that's on we're gonna move straight on
to foundation I kind of gravitated back
towards my anastacio Beverly Hills
luminous foundation the only thing that
I don't like is on all three of the
foundations that I have my pump is
broken so I can't get a lot of product
out I get like one good pump of product
and then just little teeny tiny squirts
like Bob Bob you know I mean like I
don't understand what happened and then
I'm just going to apply this foundation
with a brush even though my little pump
is broken it's not going to stop me from
using this foundation and this brush I
absolutely love I'm not sure I think
it's by manicure I will link it in the
bottom bar for you guys because I just
think it's such an amazing foundation
brush I don't know why I've been more
into putting my foundation on with the
brush but this guy is just magical so I
will link it in the bottom bar for you
guys I did order this myself just so you
know a lot of people thought that you
couldn't get it because I'm pretty sure
this brush is like from a brand in the
UK but you can get it I will link it for
you guys
I just wanted my wish to be that
whoever's behind all the nonsense the
rumors the tweet I just wanted to stop
for brows i'm gonna use my benefit
precisely my brow pencil if you guys
want to see a full video on how I create
my fluffy brow it K kind of make it look
like a brow let me know and I will do
that for you okay for the eyes we're
gonna use this jus a blush palette yeah
yeah we're gonna use a blush palette and
I just kind of mix any color that I'm
feeling that day I feel like because
it's blush and it has a little bit of
Sheen to it it just applies really
smoothly to your lid and it's super
duper easy to blend out because it is a
blush and because it does have that
little bit of shine to it it just makes
sure I kind of look a little glossy I
absolutely love this I do this all the
time when I want a little something on
my lid but I don't want to like do a
bunch of shadow
I just always kind of mix-and-match
mix-and-match mix-and-match yeah I guess
makes a match some of the colors from
the blush palette and apply it to my
lids super fast and they blend really
easily that's like my favorite part okay
for our brown liner I'm just gonna use
this matte brown shade from the becky g
color pop of color palette and i'm just
going to use a flat brush and push the
shadow into my lash line i'm first just
gonna push it in and then i'm gonna take
another brush and kind of blend it out
and then i'm gonna take like a pencil
brush and add color while blending it
out you can make this as intense as you
like you can make this as smoky as you
like if you do it with black it'll be
more intense for like a daytime look i
always do brown but again you can
definitely use black if you want it to
be like really thick looking again i
just love doing this because once you
put
is on it just makes it look so thick and
lush I just love it I don't know why I
just I just I love it
I'm gonna add some mascara to just prep
my natural lashes before applying
falsies and one of my favorite lashes
that I use all the time is the art Dell
studio effects whispies I love them so
much they fit my eye really good I never
have to trim them the band on these
lashes is also really flexible so if you
are a beginner this is a great lash to
start with because it's really easy to
maneuver onto your lash line my
under-eye combo has not changed in
months I am still obsessed with the dose
of colors concealer it is a full
coverage concealer but it is really
lightweight and really easy to blend it
comes in like 30 different shades it's
just I don't I don't know I tried to use
other concealers and I always just go
back to this concealer because it's so
good and the best part is the blend
ability like it's effortless you it
takes no work to blend out this
concealer
[Music]
to set my entire face I'm gonna use the
makeup forever powder Foundation which
is the matte velvet skin powder to get a
less fuller coverage out of this powder
I just use a makeup brush as you can see
if you want a super full coverage look
you would use the little sponge that it
comes with but I just want to set my
makeup with it so I just always use a
little makeup brush and for bronzer I'm
still using the ilallah Sibel vit matte
bronzer this is an amazing bronzer as
well it just blends out so easily and I
really like the color that it gives off
[Music]
for blush were obviously getting use the
same blush palette that we use our eyes
we're just gonna do a different color
combo all of these blushes are really
really pigmented in the shoe a palette
so just make sure you're using a light
hand because it's easier to add then to
take away but as always I love blush I
like to throw it on a little heavier
because it is the fastest thing that
beats from your face but if you ever
feel that's a little too intense just go
over it as I am here with the brush that
I use to apply the powder foundation
it'll just tone it down ever so slightly
[Music]
after applying my all nighter spray I
always push it into the skin because I
feel like that is how you really get it
to work well for you and also you kind
of eliminate any of the powdery Annis on
your face the brush that I'm using is
from it cosmetics and it is the heavenly
luxe brush it is super fluffy and I just
real smooth
I just use really light pressure when
I'm pushing that all nighter spray into
my skin and then lastly to finish should
awesome to line my lips with the k'kaw
Mario a lip liner this is the beauty
icon lip liner I love it it's like the
perfect combination of like a brown pink
lip liner and I'm also gonna use the
k'kaw Mario lipstick which is he's a
mixer add that and then on top of it I'm
gonna add a little bit of Mac's creme de
nude I really like the chrome denude
because it's such a creamy lipstick this
is a more matte lipstick the Mario one
and the comme de new just gives a little
bit of shine so if you didn't want to
wear gloss like if you want your lip to
last a really long time I would
recommend adding this on top because it
just gives like a nice pretty sheen but
I am gonna add some gloss but of course
oh I always go over
everything with the lip liner once
you're done just to really define the
lips and then for my gloss I'm going to
use dolly from dose of colors just to
add like a little pink touch to it but
once that is done this look is complete
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video I
don't have anything else to tell you
guys except I love you and I will see
you SuperDuper soon in a new video bye
guys
