hello hi welcome back so this is gonna
be a really quick video on how I do my
messy bun this is another impromptu
video I had my makeup on I was sitting
here I was like you know what I need to
put this hair up because it is looking
rough no I just haven't brushed it since
like yesterday mine's a shower so this
is just usually how I wear my hair and
whenever I wear my hair and a messy bun
like this I get lots of requests
there's not really a technique to it
because it's a messy bun it's just kind
of wherever the wind blows so hopefully
it comes out cute for the video because
I feel like the cutest buns come when
you're not trying and when you're not
even looking like the best bun you ever
had in your life is when you were
washing your face am i right okay so I'm
gonna show you what I do anyway so I
like to have like these little front
pieces out now because they've just
gotten so long and I'm so proud of them
try to get them as even as you can but
if they're not super duper even it
doesn't matter and then once you have
your front pieces out if you are leaving
front pieces out I don't flip my head
over to pull my bun up because I like
the part to kind of Sylvia so I just
kind of start from the bottom and start
to pull it up and brush it with your
fingers at the same time they're just
pulling the hair back are you good here
you could do this for a messy pony too
and then once you have all your hair
kind of to the height that you want I'm
going to take one elastic I don't know
where these are from or what I've had
these for a really long time they are
just kind of like a fabric hair tie and
I feel like they just hold a ponytail
really good and for some reason when I
do my buns they always come out best
when I use this guy so I'm just gonna
put this guy into a high pony for now
focus on me not the background me me
thank you you can just pull this guy so
it's a little tighter and just kind of
where you want it and then one extra
hair tie this can be any hair tie you're
just going to grab your ponytail and
you're gonna just twist it I really
should have brushed my hair before I did
this you're just gonna twist your hair
and then wrap it around the ponytail
so you get that and then tuck the hairs
under and then we're just going to wrap
this with a hair tie to lock him in
place and then you can like assess and
see if you need a bobby pin if there's
like any hairs that need to be pinned in
you can pin those in I like to hold the
bun and pull some of this hair so
there's like a little more volume this
is not a sleek bun this is a messy bun
you can just fluff these little bangs
out if you like but for the most part
this is how I've been doing my buns
lately I just like it like this because
I just have I just have a lot of hair in
right now and it's long and this keeps
it all up it's nice and tight because we
have the two hair ties and this is a
really good way to do it if you have a
lot of hair and you don't like a huge
bun on top of your head because
sometimes it's a little heavy and I feel
like a bobble head so I hope this helped
you out I feel like this is just gonna
be my 2020 hairstyle until we can
venture out of the house again because
for the foreseeable future we will be
here indoors as everyone should be so if
you're still outside going but really I
hope you guys are just staying positive
and doing whatever it is and that you're
gonna do to get through this crazy time
I love you guys and that is it for me so
I'm gonna go raid the pantry for I don't
know maybe the 47 times a day see if any
new snacks magically appeared okay no
really I gotta go I love you guys and I
will see you super soon in another video
bye guys
