hello and welcome back to my channel day
976 inside even though I love being home
it's weird you know not to go to like
Target on the regular like I really miss
Target I never realized how much I would
miss going to target just walking around
and looking at stuff so I decided to
dress like a Target employee today just
to like you know reminisce know I've
just put the shirt on by accident but I
figured that I would put some makeup on
today just try to you know not lose my
skill I've been doing lots of like
crafts in the house if you follow me on
social media you've seen that I've been
doing like tie-dye and like little resin
projects and just like baking and so I
figured today's artistic outlet would be
doing my makeup with you guys also gonna
show you guys how I touched this hair up
when it looks like this is just my air
dried hair but I do kind of mess with
these front pieces a little bit so I'll
show you that at the end so I'm gonna
prep my skin with this farce oli rose
gold elixir this is 24 karat
moisturizing gel cream I love this
product it is super super liquidy so
just be careful like I can't even
explain the texture of it but I've been
using it non-stop since I got it I would
also like to state that I did wash my
hands and sanitize them which I always
have been doing long before we've been
seeing it all over the news you should
always wash your hands and sanitize
before you touch your face
this gel cream just feels so hydrating
it's so lightweight it doesn't feel
sticky it just feels really good on the
skin I really like it so I'm gonna let
that sink in but we'll speed the process
up I picked a hell of a time to get lash
extensions too right like I'm have like
two on I probably have none on this is
hanging on pretty good like that one
this guy I've got like four left over
here and then for my primer I'm gonna
use this hydrating pore fessional I'm
only gonna put this product where I feel
like my pores are largest which is a
great in this area so I'm gonna use this
Pat McGrath foundation this is the skin
fetish sublime perfection foundation and
work that into the skin I feel like this
might be a little too light for me but
no no no it's good as long as you're
like one to two shades in your range you
should be good
foundation is very light but it provides
a ton of coverage I'm just gonna take a
little tiny bit on this brush to add to
my forehead you really don't need a lot
I'd also never realized how much water
we drank until we couldn't get water I'm
gonna do a video this week laminating my
own brows I bought a brow lamination kit
so I'm gonna just do a simple eye
because it's just not going anywhere
okay but I am gonna use this new palette
like I said it was the supreme nude
palette and I just love the actual
palette itself and I'm gonna put him on
the lid and then work it up into our
crease I love this brown shade and then
I'm gonna take it up into the crease oh
I love the shade so I'm gonna pick up
some product on this fluffier brush and
just kind of swirl that into our crease
in the shade that I'm using is called
transcend but so pretty I can put a
shadow on and three dots on your
[Music]
perfection perfection this is such a
beautiful color alright let's do a
little concealer I'm gonna use the dose
of colors light/medium in number 11 I
need to get another one of these because
I am running super duper low on this but
this is my most favorite concealer I
don't I don't know why I put that there
it was on the Pat McGrath concealer for
a minute but don't get me wrong the
pantograph one is really good too it's
just like you know we all have the ones
that we like the most and this is mine
I'm just gonna pull this back I feel
like I'm always really chatty in the
beginning of these like makeup videos
and then I just get in the zone cuz you
know doing your makeup is like pretty
relaxing and I never get to talk I don't
know why I'm just gonna use this tattoo
beauty like applicator just to push the
product in a little more I'm gonna use
this Pat McGrath under-eye brightening
or setting hold on I'll read it to you
in one second but I'm gonna use this to
set underneath my eyes because this is
like I've never used anything like this
powder I like that you can use it with
like any concealer
sometimes like when products come
together you can really like it really
works best with that guy but this guy
works with and you can see other I've
tried so far it's just like so smoothing
and blurring underneath the eye so it is
called the skin fetish sublime
perfection blurring under-eye powder and
I use mine in the shade light because
before I was using like an under eye
setting powder and then I was using a
brightening powder and it's like they
combined that into one formula so I no
longer use like a brightening powder I
just use that under-eye powder I'm gonna
set my face with this makeup forever
matte velvet skin blurring a foundation
powder and I'm just going to put it on
with a brush really quickly at first and
then I'll show you I'm then gonna take a
little powder puff and then just push it
in if you want like a little more
coverage I just get a little bit on the
puff because I already put the majority
of it on I just feel like when you go in
with this and you push I'll just be like
you get an even smoother looking face
which I don't even know if that's
possible
but I feel like it just makes a
difference also I got this big tray from
the actual Make Up For Ever website you
can put anything magnetic in here and
this is the size XL how they could have
got a large but it's fine I'm gonna
bronze up the skin and I'm just gonna
use a combination of these two lawless
bronzers this top one which has been
through the ringer is called Golden Hour
and this one is called blaze and I'm
gonna hit my cheeks I'm gonna do my
cheeks I'm gonna do my temples a little
on the forehead around the jawline I
don't take my brush that I put on our
powder foundation with and kind of swirl
that really light really light not a lot
of pressure and then this is the brush
that we use to apply the Pat McGrath
powder underneath there's no extra
product but there's still product on the
brush and I'm just going to swirl that
over the cheeks as well then I'm going
to do like a little color combination of
these persona blushes which are amazing
these are their super blushes so I'm
gonna start with Georgia and I'm going
to just apply this here it has like a
little bit of like Sheen and glow to it
so it just really it just makes you look
healthy that's a good that's a good
to put it makes you look healthy again
that we put on our powder foundation
with and just tap that over the blush so
I'm just gonna use some setting spray
and this it cosmetics heavenly brush
which is a very fluffy brush is what I
use to just push the setting spray into
the skin a lot of you guys asked me if
there's any product on this brush the
answer is no this just makes you look
more like skin like not all the powder
that we just put on the face so then
usually I would do my lashes and mascara
but like I said we're gonna let these 17
lash extensions live their life so I'm
just gonna move on to affecting my
eyebrows any strong gel will do the job
and you're gonna need a little fan or
something to fan your brows with this is
kind of just like a faux brow lamination
if you want to kind of see what your
brows will look like fluffy you're gonna
pick up a little bit of gel and you're
gonna start right in the front of the
brow and then you can really just mold
your brow how you like it and I'm just
gonna lift these hairs up over to create
a fuller looking brow like that
sometimes you do got to give it like a
little push with your finger so it
sticks to your skin once you have a
shape that you're happy with I just hit
it with the fan to lock in to lock it in
I've seen people use um like got to be
hair glue for this too for like a faux
brow laminated look I just feel like
that dries really fast and you don't
have like enough time to get your brow
into position but that's just me
turned a little so I'm gonna use k'kaw
lipliner in 1.5 which is kind of like my
go-to everyday lipliner look at that so
I'm just gonna line my lips with this
guy like I said this like everyday
lipliner it's just perfect always draw
under here a little darker then the
sides just so it looks like more of a
shadow to make this lip look like extra
pouty only over line that's like top
center part of my lip and then make sure
everything connects back to the natural
deplane wait
she's pretty over lined on that side she
is overlying and then for my lipstick
today I'm also gonna use this shade
called angel baby which is also from
artist Couture's new collection lives
there so trap don't Audrey we're gonna
put a gloss on don't worry I'm gonna
fluff that to the edge this is called
saucy gal she's gonna tap to get some of
the excess off and blend it together I
feel like you never know how chapped
your lips aren't so you put lipstick on
I'm gonna take a little tiny brush and
just kind of soften that lip line edge
and then I was gonna finish it off with
the gloss this is also from artist
couture and I'm just gonna hit this in
the center this is finished look alright
so you guys remember when I went to
London it was actually to see the reveal
of this new product from Dyson which is
their Dyson Corral cordless hair
straightener so I have had this now I've
only had this now for like a week but
let me turn it up I'm gonna turn it on
for 10 there's three different settings
but so I've only had that guy for about
a week now but I'm gonna show you kind
of how I touch up my air dry hair
because I mean I don't want to really
really want to be like blow-drying my
hair I'm not going anywhere so why would
I blow dry
it's ready to go so so even though it's
a hair straightener you can do other
things with it so the front part of my
hair like these little sections here I
will do in S wave which i think is
really cool it's like this flat wave in
your hair this is how I do the front
pieces I kind of mush it like this and
then squish it in there like I'm
squishing that shape in and then push it
back like you see that little shape and
then I'm squishing it in and squashing
it in I'm turning this ironing it like
that so then I get this cool flat wave
do this to basically any piece that I
can get like straight on like this
because I find that if it's like more
straight like this I can wave it a
little better and then I'm gonna do this
one the opposite way so I'm gonna start
like this and I'm gonna push that little
it's kind of like a s shape and then
like this I like this one I like this
straighter because you can get really
close to the plates and not burn
yourself and push that in there
so cool once I start getting to like the
side in the back it's hard for me to do
this s wave just cuz I can't really see
this also is like a hairstyle that's
kind of easier to do on other people
than yourself but you just kind of not
even I can't even see what I'm doing so
hopefully this is like s waving itself
but you're really just like kind of
creating that shape and then hitting it
with the flat iron so it gives like that
nice flat wave when I was in London and
I finally learned how to do this I was
like wearing my hair like this non-stop
and you guys were like what were you
using to do your hair but they were like
you couldn't say anything about anything
they were like real top-secret over
there so just kind of creating that
shape and then squashing the iron over
it and then when I came home okay that
want that bottom piece didn't come out
as good so it's going this way
I did this the other day so I don't
really need to do like a bunch of pieces
I just wanted to show you how I made my
air dry hair look a little better so you
can straighten with this you can wave
with this you can S wave with this you
can curl with this so it's just really
cool obviously you can straighten here
with this I'm gonna try to s wave this
piece though he's a little bit bigger
and I can't really see but like I said
your fingers can get really close to the
plates and you don't have to worry about
them burning you which is nice you see
like I struggle to get these back pieces
going cuz I can't okay here we go here
we go I just want to make sure you have
that shape okay we're kind of getting
this one okay we kind of got him I just
feel like doing like a couple of those
pieces have just like made my hair look
cuter than it actually looks someone
turned off so I just feel like when I
like wave these front pieces it just
kind of makes it look you know like I
don't know like are you trying to do my
hair today but really I did it
you saw me brushing it like it really
needed a brush so so now that I have a
full face of makeup on and my hair is
fixed I'm just gonna go sit on the couch
so that is it for me I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in another video bye guys
