so we are so I'm sure everybody is aware
of the coronavirus that's happening and
asking people to self quarantine and all
that and me being the introvert that I
am have been a social distancing my
whole life but I did have a three trips
canceled at this month to work trips and
one personal trip I already told you
guys that New York got canceled and then
I think the last video that I did I was
telling you that we were gonna go to
Fort Lauderdale we were actually
supposed to leave today but we ended up
canceling that trip as well and then I
had a work trip at the end of this month
in LA and that got pushed back to the
end of april's so all we have it's time
to do [ __ ] at home so I'm gonna
rearrange the beauty room I think I want
to move my filming desk which is right
behind you just more over so that it
would be like over here now and it'll be
just like a straight shot back here
because as you can see this light is
just like so huge that you really can't
okay there we go that you really can't
get into those back doors back there so
I feel like if I move it over here to
this area that I'm gonna take this and
this and move it over there and take the
little couch move it over here so you
guys will see what it looks like when
I'm done
obvious would be a great time also to
wallpaper one of my walls cuz I also
have a wallpaper that I bought back in
August and I redid this room it's like
that sticky wallpaper I bought it
originally when I first read it the
beauty room but I just never got around
to putting it up and since we legit
don't have anything happening I am I'm
gonna get started it's already a little
late in the day so I don't know how much
will get done but I'm going to at least
try to get the dresser over here and the
desk over here so we'll see how that
goes
[Music]
[Music]
okay so like I said we moved a little
couch over and the desk so now I have
like this full walkway open and I can
actually get into the closet which I'm
going to clean out this entire closet
and figure out what's gonna happen on
this wall here since nothing will really
be there except that like the TV and the
shelves are gonna move over here I think
it works better over there than being
like caddy cornered in the center of the
room because like I said I couldn't even
get into that closet so I'm really
excited to get in there and clean it out
and I have lots of boxes to pack up and
give away
[Music]
give you a little tour of my desk so
these are some of the pallets that I
just keep regularly up here I just kind
of stick them in this little corner
right here so I have the dragon Beauty
transformation powder this is such a
bomb like brightening a powder if you've
never tried a brightening powder it
makes such a difference in your makeup
this is the jouer blush palette I love
you a blushes so good
then I have the Becky G color pop
palette which I think they had like a
little controversy about this because I
think she liked the name from somebody
so you actually can't get this palette
anymore but I just love this brown shade
I use it to smoke out my lash line all
the time and that's a little palette so
it's just easy to keep up here and then
of course we have Carly Bibles palette
mom I miss mom so much and then I have
this Too Faced palette which I just put
up here because it just seemed like it
would be like a really good neutral
palette and then in my Glo kit which is
back in stock if you didn't know she is
available to purchase again for a
limited time we brought her back because
so many of you guys were asking I really
stopped highlighting once my palette got
discontinued because this was all I
wanted to use and I didn't want to keep
using it and you guys not be able to get
it it's just so surreal that she's back
in action and then the last palette that
I have up here is from k'kaw beauty and
this is their matte blush palette which
is a really bumpy allit i also use these
for eyeshadows all the time these two
are my favorite shades I just mixed them
together for my cheeks some foundations
I want to try some hand sanitizer and
then we just have like some more
bronzers I have foundations and
concealers in here these are mascaras
concealers and then just hella lip
liners and then moisturizers and like
setting sprays back here and then all my
brushes are over here which I really
need to clean at some point and then in
here I just have like lip moisturizers
or
that is a quick desk tour this little
make up forevers
tin to put all of my makeup forever
matte velvet powders because there's
like one of my favorite powders ever to
set my makeup with to use on days that I
don't wear any makeup and I just want to
kind of even out my skin tone and cover
up my light rosacea that I have I use
them under my eyes and I also use them
to contour with so these are the two
shades that I use underneath my eyes
these are like my face shades and then I
use these as contouring shades it is a
magnetic tray so you can definitely fit
more and they have these like in
different sizes I think I got the XL
palette I was a little um I don't think
I realized how small these actually were
so I probably could have got like a size
large this camera lense is I don't know
how much we're gonna get done in here
today because Biebs wants to go golf and
he wants me to go with him I haven't
gone golfing with him in a really long
time I really want to these drawers need
to be really organized because like this
is just like unacceptable like hold on
look like what what are you doing with
this drawer so all of these drawers are
pretty just thrown together so I really
want to get in here and just organize
things so that like I can see what I
have and what I have to use so if I do
anything major in here I'll obviously
let you guys know but like I said we're
probably not gonna do much here today so
more than likely the next time I will
see you will be on the golf course and I
haven't golfed in months so I'm probably
gonna suck which I mean I was like not
that great before but I got probably
gonna be like really bad
this little flatbread pizza he makes
flatbread I think that's cream cheese he
put some special seasoning and then eggs
and cheese and then he's gonna bake it
in the oven
okay so first let's make a coffee and
then drink our coffee and then we can
get our day started and also so that
we're all on the same page here I'll
probably be in this shirt all week okay
cuz I'm not going nowhere so do you want
some coffee
peeps drinks a little concoction
gracias speed juice tastes like
chocolate pick me bazoo that's Monday I
think I was planning on like filming I
don't know I just came to the room and
now I like want to start organizing
makeup you know how like I don't know I
feel like when you get the bug to
organize makeup you just gotta go with
it I ordered a bunch of like drawer
organizers so that we could organize for
those drawers which I'm just waiting on
because I don't want to like pull stuff
out and have it all over the place I
want to have like clean places to put
things
so the organizers I think should be here
tomorrow so today I'm just gonna try to
go through cuz I have a bunch of lighter
boxes like this just full of product and
I just need to go through and see what
I'm gonna keep and then what I'm gonna
put in the giveaway bin so that's what
I'm gonna do now and we're still
watching housewives okay
I saw a photo of the beach today at home
and I was just like so disappointed how
many people were at the beach today oh
just like are we not watching the news
are we not taking the recommended things
you should be doing right now go home go
home
I just told AG about these pencil
sharpeners there from glossier this is
the best lip liner eyeliner sharpener in
the entire land one I love that it's
like self-contained so that like you
know all your sharpening is go in here
and it also comes with like this little
it looks like a little purple pencil but
it's like kind of rubbery and it's used
to clean your blade just in case you
know anything it's like caught in there
you know I'm talking about you know
don't talk about and if you guys are
home and looking for shows to binge I
highly highly recommend the housewives
you guys know that like I just can't
stay away from like old housewives
episodes so if you need something a
binge so this is my first time trying
this mask this Innisfree pore clearing
clay mask two times
superclusters I hope that I liked it
because I think that of all cane
I think that a clay mask does like the
best but I just hate like how drying a
clay mask and feel and so far I've had
this one on for about four minutes and
it doesn't feel super drying which I
already like I hate ones that get so
like crunchy that you can't even oh no I
have to unfollow you sir like I don't
know what the hell you're doing but
that's a unfollow or a mute goodbye I
don't know what that was actually I'm
about to wash this off in two minutes
it's been on for eight minutes and it
doesn't feel super drying which I really
like this night what we about to do
[Music]
it is st. Patrick's Day I should be on a
bow in Fort Lauderdale but I'm not I'm
home and I I can't really act upset
about it because this is where I want to
be I'm currently at the point where I
don't remember the last time I left the
house except to play golf that day which
I really don't count because I didn't
encounter any other humans so I'm gonna
work on some wedding this stuff mainly
just my save the date cards I need to
get them printed I need to get addresses
and just stuff like that I don't know
what this hand is doing I'm probably
gonna make a coffee here like in the
next 20 minutes or so 20 more 20 more
notes and then I think I should really
start getting in this closet I like keep
delaying it because I'm waiting for the
drawer organizers and stuff the room is
kind of not super messy right now and
you can like get in here in do ship and
I know as soon as we bust open the
closet there the room is just going to
be full of stuff so I might just delay
it one more day until the Wednesday my
dudes and just do some other [ __ ] today
like you know like some chick talks and
stuff you know important thing I should
really brush his hair and tell me why
I'm like attempted to cut my hair like
this random long is it long is it short
so yeah I've been going through that
little okay I'm gonna make a little
concoction today so we're gonna do mocha
we're gonna do a little mocha vanilla
happy new year mocha Joe I don't even
have a cup out yet
so we're gonna put a little vanilla and
a little mocha Joe my candies why why
don't look is really good
of course the world's best creamer don't
at me look at my hair have you guys ever
seen the Big Lebowski I'm the dude I'm
morph more into the dude every day of my
life not like it's Jeff Bridges that
obviously plays the dude in the movie if
you've never seen it - just stop
watching this and go watch The Big
Lebowski
it's classic Jeff Bridges who plays the
dude he said that I saw an interview
with him that said all the Wardrobe was
his own like he has jelly sandals on at
one point and those are his own sandals
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
okay I have to step back from cleaning I
really haven't got a lot done in the
closet I'm just having an overwhelming
urge to throw everything away and I'll
have the trash bags for that and I just
want to when I get like that to where I
just want to throw everything away I
have to step back from it so I'll
revisit that tomorrow but while I was
cleaning I found these shears and I
really want to cut my hair I promise
that I'm totally saying I've been
wanting to cut it for a minute and I
just didn't know where those shears
worried I didn't want to cut it my hair
with like kitchen scissors so we might
be cutting my hair tomorrow it's
probably around 6 o'clock now so I'm
just gonna call it a day I will see you
guys tomorrow I'm not in the same
sublime tea and I actually shower
actually washed my hair I should say
because it was looking a ha ha it was
looking a little rough so I'm gonna film
video today on how I blow-dry my hair
and style it with my Dyson Air app
something like that I haven't done a
video with it since I first bought it
which was a almost two years ago now I
feel like because I had short hair when
I did it and it's the only tool that I
really ever used to style my hair with
and I've halted the cleaning out of this
room because I got a little rampaged
where I just wanted to like throw
everything out without even looking at
it and then I regret that like I've done
that a lot of times or I just throw a
bunch of stuff away because I get like
so overwhelmed because there's just so
much stuff in this room and I'm like I
don't need it I don't need it I don't
need it I don't need it I don't need it
and then I go to look for something a
few months later and I'm like waiting I
do that away so when I get like in that
mode I have to like step back for a
second and I'm still kind of in that
mode because whenever I look at the
stuff I like in my head I'm just like so
I'm gonna take a little break from that
we will resume cleaning next week I'm
gonna make a coffee and then I will see
you guys right back in here waiting it's
Friday it's not the morning time it's
about the afternoon I think it's around
12:30 I'm about to make a coffee [ __ ] is
just getting crazier and crazier by the
day
I do feel like it's a different feeling
when you stay home by choice then to win
you like have to stay at homes I'm just
a little nervous today so I'm gonna
treat my coffee and I'll see you guys
later bye oh my god she looks so big
baby oh my goodness gracious
make you look big you look my girl Wow
okay okay okay okay so this is the main
drawer that I want to work on it just
has a lot of like newer makeup in the
stroma I'm going to open the other doors
to show you guys yet what is this I
didn't even know that I had these in
here here there's like some stuff that
was organized once upon a time in here
you see like there are some organizers I
don't there's trash in here let's get it
going
[Music]
okay so here is a look at the finished
drawers anymore slowed down version I
should put it I should put a little I
should probably should have got those
little inserts that keep things from
sliding but that's okay I've just figure
out something to put there something
here is another drawer which again I
don't know if any of these drawers will
stay like that these are just looking
better than they were before and then I
also did this drawer which just has a
lot of lashes some little eyeshadows
some like loose pigments and glitter
screams these are really good and then
some jewels and more uploaded a video on
how I get my at-home blowouts this is
like my day three hair and it's still
it's still doing pretty good I'm gonna
start organizing some more drawers
I don't think yo the self-tanner really
played me I just realize that it really
played me but we're not even worried
about that cuz I'm not leaving the house
so nice like how long is it gonna say
like that though hey girl
this battery's about to die so let me go
switch you guys oh okay fresh battery
full allergy attack show you my
quarantine fashion yes yes yes and my
filming space is just correct Rex
there's a cute little tiny fish over
there a lot of people are coming for me
on Instagram stories - wow you got the
old Apple TV why not it still works
it still works all I watch in here is
housewives so it's fine I'm currently on
season 5 which is a good season
[Music]
[Music]
around the neighborhood I think really
did like two miles it was nice so I get
out of the house so it was nice to write
around the neighborhood and now beads is
cooking breakfast for dinner
[Music]
[Applause]
my knee yesterday I think it's Sunday
I think it's Sunday um so I have to film
some stuff for three brands today which
shouldn't take me like that long
actually it's probably gonna take me all
the rest of the day what are you doing
he is going crazy for this camera I want
to FaceTime my niece later because I
really miss her and I haven't seen her
usually we have like family dinners like
weekly and I see her weekly and I
haven't seen her in a minute I really
haven't seen her in a long as time it's
a little harder also I mentioned before
did I mention it to you guys that we had
been fasting we've been intermittent
fasting since probably like the second
week of February so probably over a
month and we've completely just fallen
off of it while being on self-quarantine
because I mean there's really nothing
else to do but like eat so we're not
like going crazy but before I would stop
eating at 9 p.m. and we've been watching
movies in the bed and snacking
hi I'm I'm trying to film here sir oh um
so I'm just gonna drink this coffee and
then do some work I got to do some IG
stories and then I have to do like a
little like insert for a video that I
filmed before I call this great thing to
start it put on makeup I'm on my second
coffee of the day but I just have no
motivation I just I don't
today is Monday I think
I'm not positive but I think it's Monday
I'm gonna go put some makeup on just cuz
I feel like making some tic TOCs there's
like a part to look like one that I did
so I'm gonna do that cuz I don't really
feel like organizing any of my makeup
today so I'm gonna go just put some
makeup on on my face and see how that
goes see how that makes me feel
[Music]
what's going on fish where is everybody
on the move
do you know where any of the other cats
are
chick peas cauliflower down legit taco
season
[Applause]
so I'm gonna add a vlog today hopefully
I can get a lot of it done
I already piece like some pieces
together so that makes eclis what I'm
gonna do today is just edit up as well
Teen Wolf coming through Perry I mean I
straight pin Larry leaves you saw a bowl
cut can you sub breathes yeah 98 I'm
sure I could google it and it would tell
me I could be the best beer in the world
well we going out the house
French toast
I thought you were going outside to work
out he got a stretch out I'm just gonna
make a coffee okay big guy big guy
what do you too much competitor son
