hello and welcome back to my channel so
in today's video we're gonna talk about
something that I myself was super duper
skeptical about I would see posts about
this not even this brand just in general
at home laser hair removal and I was
like okay like I I did not believe it
but then I was like you know what let me
actually try it to see if it actually
works and I can stop just like being so
judgey this is an at-home laser hair
removal system it is by the brand Kenzie
I have always wanted to get laser hair
removal but it is so expensive okay
there are some things that I don't mind
spending a lot of money on and then
there's other things where I'm like oh
no ma'am no no no no no so I was like
alright let me give it a try
let me see and I am happy to report that
I have way less hair than I did when I
started five weeks ago
you do need a full 12 weeks to see full
results from this thing but within just
the five weeks I've already noticed a
difference in my hair on my legs and my
arms and my underarms is where I've been
using it myself I think I noticed the
biggest different when I was going into
week five that I was like wait a minute
like where where I'm a leg hairs where
are they at I don't know about you guys
but I'm Italian and I am hairy AF like
yeah when I say that I'm hairy like when
I was a child before I started shaving
and like we were going through puberty
everything it looked like I had King
Kong in a headlock like I was like why
am I so hairy and I have to thank my dad
for that so dad if you're watching thank
you for that my mom has no hair okay she
has Cherokee Indian in her and she just
has no hair whatsoever so I don't think
my mom really understood my struggle
when I was growing up I secretly was
shaving my legs and I think like 5th
grade and she didn't know about it and
then she found out and she like they're
all the razors away and like didn't want
me to shave my legs I was like oh like
my mom doesn't understand my struggle
because she is like a hairless moly I
literally she has no hair oh yeah I am
just I'm just really hairy and my hair
is dark it's not like I'm hairy and have
blond cute hair no no no no my hair is
black I have just been pleasantly
surprised at how good
this guy is working for me you can use
this on areas like your bikini line and
all that jazz I have not I have not
ventured down there yet because I'm
still like let me just let me just do
what I like to do this guy does have
five settings on it you turn it on back
here and then you can just click this
and it will adjust your settings it has
a setting from one to five five is going
to give you the best results but you may
want to work yourself up to it because
when I first started I tried it on one
and I was like okay I can handle two I
was like oh not a problem
I skip I went to three and I was like
this is a breeze so I skip four and went
straight to five and as soon as I that
to myself uh that I was like ah so I had
to go back down to four but I am
currently using it on five it is like um
if you've never had any kind of laser
hair removal or any kind of laser
treatment in general it is a very weird
feeling it's like a little like a little
zap on the sky between one and four I
don't even feel it as soon as I had
cranked its bottom like ah but I know
that I'm gonna get the best results by
using it on five so not only does this
guy remove hair but it also helps with
the reduction of wrinkles blemishes dark
pigmentation if you're not familiar with
what an IPL system is it is a light
therapy that's transmitting different
wavelengths to various parts of your
skin which is helping to reduce the
appearance of blemishes wrinkles dark
spots and of course hair I'm a little
disappointed in myself that I waited so
long to try one of these because the
skeptic inside of me was just like no
way could something be as good as you
getting it done at like a Med Spa or
something like that but again I'm only
on week five guys like I cannot wait to
see you week twelve it gets me a little
excited to use it because I know that
I'm gonna be like hairless on my legs
and I want to shave my legs like haha
ooh yeah I feel like Jeremy's gonna be
excited about that too because like in
the winter months I'd be like oh no no
no I'm just wearing sweatpants what I
need to shave my legs for I've also been
in a relationship for ten years so we're
very comfortable so before I cut to the
vlog footage of me actually using this
baby I want to just give you guys some
like tips what you want to do is you're
only going to want to use this once a
week you don't want to like overdo it on
your skin so just be very cautious
make sure that you're not going in the
Sun after you use this guy make sure
that you don't have any self-tanner on
before you use this guy and you're gonna
want to avoid using it over any tattoos
that you might have or if you have any
like dark moles on your skin you want to
kind of avoid blasting the light right
on there but if you have like freckles
or anything like I have freckles like
all over my arm light freckles are
totally okay to use with this guy but
just be cautious if you have like any
dark moles or anything like you want to
like steer clear of them and what else
what else what else what else what else
like I said you don't wanna have any
self-tanner on what are you using this
and if you are gonna do self-tanner you
want to make sure that you're doing it
like 48 hours after you use this bad boy
again remember you're only gonna use
this guy once a week all right so let's
cut some footage of me using this bad
boy and you guys can see for yourself
how easy it is to use I'm just
disappointed into myself that I did not
start using this longer the amount of
time and years that I have spent shaving
my legs when I could have just been
clicking away so I'm gonna try this I
feel like at home laser hair removal
situation for the first time and nervous
but hopefully it works and hopefully it
saves me time I'm having to shave my
legs because I am the Arias lady alive
so the first thing that says to do is to
shave your legs as close as you possibly
can so let's do that
[Applause]
it says you should never aim this
directly at your eyes and your skin may
be slightly red after using it um remove
any artificial TN if you have been
tanning you should wait two weeks before
using McKenzie this may increase your
risk of a reaction wait 48 hours after
using McKenzie so you just turn it on
here on the back you just click that
button once you can hear that it's on
and then if you press the green button
it's going to change the window up here
to let you know the intensity that your
own so I'm going to start I'm scared
okay 1 and it says that when you push it
on to your skin you'll see that little
window turns pink and that's how you
know it just feels like hot not even
really hot oh you're not explained it
doesn't really feel like anything
see a little flashing light that's how
it knows that it has contact with your
skin so I just wait till I see that
little light filling it's more sensitive
in some places than in others and again
it doesn't hurt it just feels like a
little hot a little warmth it won't it
won't fire if it doesn't have contact up
your skin so I give them like this
my skin it won't go it was like the only
place in the bathroom what light looks
good
so first treatment down definitely kept
it on for I couldn't crank it all the
way up to five it was just too intense I
tried it off-camera and it was like ah
no no no so hopefully as the time goes
on I'll be able to crank it up to five
um but if you've had any kind of laser
removal process if you've had any kind
of laser treatment on your face I feel
like it's very similar to that like it
doesn't hurt it's just like a weird
little zing like you definitely feel it
but it's definitely tolerable so I'm
excited to see the process and if this
stops me from having to shave my legs
Cathy also said if you have tattoos to
avoid using the machine over your tattoo
so I'm just gonna skim off over that I'm
you don't really have hair here and you
need a little bit
so one more time if you haven't got it
enough I am SuperDuper impressed with
this Kenzi at home hair removing system
like I am just so shocked at how
effective it is and actually removing
the hair and keeping it gone like just
from week 1 to week 5 I've seen such a
major difference in the amount of hair
growth that I have so I will report to
you guys back probably in a vlog or
something around week 12 and then see
how it goes from there and then I want
to go from like week 12 and then like do
like three weeks without and see if it
really has stopped my hair growth so I
will link all the important information
down below if you guys want to check out
this Kenzi product I highly recommend it
especially if you're someone like me who
is just hearing and you don't want to
shave but you also don't want to go
spend all that time at a Med Spa getting
laser hair removal when you could just
do it yourself at home
you know me I like to do things at the
house myself so that is it for me I
don't think I have anything else to tell
you guys except I love you and I will
see you super soon in another video bye
guys
