hello hi I've missed you did you with me
also I know that I'm in a sublime tea
and we were in sublime teas in our last
video but so I haven't been vlogging at
all I haven't been vlogging I haven't
been motivated I did my nails the other
day I put up a nail video actually today
and I came back here because I need to
clean this space back here and I saw the
blog came out and I was like you know
what let's vlog for the next couple of
days so that's what I'm gonna do today
is Thursday which I don't even know how
it is Thursday because last time I
checked it was Monday but now it's
Thursday so like I said I took off all
of my nail extensions yesterday and gave
myself a little at-home manicure a
little gel manicure so I was coming back
here to actually clean up this space
because this is where I was filming I
had like the camera like shot over my
head my mic which all this needs to go
back over there I thought maybe I should
do like a little nail design oh my name
because I have like all these like nail
foils so I think that's what I'm gonna
do all of my nail stuff is in here
because if you're wondering why I even
have like poly gel or anything like this
is because I put a poly gel on my
toenails and I actually didn't happen
tonio I'm not gonna show you my feet
right now because they need a little
moisturizer they're a little dry but I
used poly gel all my toenails so that's
why I have oh and I got some like nails
I was like maybe I could do probably gel
on my nails but after yesterday is for
our manicure I was like maybe maybe
another time we'll see how the home
quarantine lasts but I have these little
nail foils and I want to put zombies on
my nails to use this foil though you do
need some kind of like foil glue which
needs to be cured in an LED light as
well but I'm gonna try to show you guys
as best I can and this is a very long
lens like my hand is actually really
close to the camera but it seems really
far so hopefully you guys can see behind
me alright that's a pretty good view
right you guys can see what I'm doing so
I currently have this foil on my toes as
well and I think
they're probably gonna use the same one
that I used on my toes the sky I love
oil like even when my Kareena was doing
my nails I got lovely shoes for my nails
because it just looks so cool so we're
gonna transfer these on to our nails
it's gonna be a bit of a struggle this
is not the optimal nail angle but this
is a blog angle okay I don't know what's
on my now who knows even coat right here
oh man I touched it and then it should
be pretty sticky I'm just going to put
this on my nail like this make sure you
got it where you want it because it's
lay him down
can you use your finger to just want to
rub that on there just like a temporary
tattoo you know you know what to do I
got 10 seconds
I'm our Bluebird
I couldn't with the flowers I couldn't
take the flowers I don't know why I
regretted it instantly no pink tie-dye
outfit today because what else am I
gonna wear I came back here because I
need to brush this hair I have such a
mat in the back of my head it's not even
funny my extensions are so I was already
do to get my extensions done before
quarantine started and I hadn't gotten
them done so they are like wildly grown
out I might have to take these out
myself don't need to clean my work desk
coz I had to redo my nails last night
because I ended up hating the flowers I
didn't I did it the lazy way I just
buffed almost all of it off of my nail
and then I just put another base coat
one thing of nail polish and a top coat
again so I cheated and my hairs to the
point where it will really just get into
a mat for no reason it's just really I
would need to squeeze all the beads in
opposite direction to loosen it and then
I would need to cut the little string
and pull it out I'm not there yet I'm
not mentally prepared to do that yet I
did my nails this took me 4 hours I
don't even know how long it would take
for me to take out my hair and like I
said we're not there yet but we're on
the birds so I really want to clean my
closet not that makeup closet I'm over
that closet I don't want to look at that
closet I just closed the doors ok I lost
all motivation for that closet when
Quarantine first started I was like yes
I've got you and I was like
I lost all motivation before that closet
hopefully it'll swing back around you
know the momentum will come back to me
to clean their closet but for now no get
out of here I don't look at it
close the doors my clothes closet really
needs to be organized but that is just
like the least fun thing to do for me I
don't know why it just is I guess like
makeup I'm like look at this lip liner
it's so pretty and then like it's fun
and then in there I'm like what is this
no but I do need to do laundry today so
I'm gonna do some laundry I don't know
if I'm gonna organize my closet though
um and I just don't I feel like I just
don't have that organizational brain
like it only comes around once in a blue
moon and when it does I do my makeup
drawers or something like that I you
know what I didn't organized yesterday
the pantry why why I don't know I was
going in there to get a snack and then I
just started organizing laundry cleaning
not leaving the house I mean I'm sure
everyone feels the same way as I do that
this is just such like a weird time that
we're living in like every day it just
seems like the same exact day and I just
keep trying to like do stuff that like
keeps my mind occupied that's why I took
4 hours to do my nails I was like I know
it's gonna take me a really long time I
don't even care because else am i doing
I think I'm not doing anything but you
guys last night that I hadn't been
really blogging because I was like I'm
literally doing nothing but then I get
so many messages from you guys that are
like you could literally be just staring
at the camera I love your vlogs your
blogs keep me calm a lot of you tell me
that my blogs help you with your anxiety
and then I'm like okay I have to I have
to blog like I want my blogs to you know
just bring you like some why are we blue
why are we blue mmm
you see what I mean like I'm just all
over the place I can't even finish a
sentence
I'm gonna try to just see what we got
what we're doing people go on some bike
rides up to sneeze all of a sudden it
like right now like I was just talking
to you guys now I'm fully congested and
I think it lasts for like about 10
minutes if you fill it up completely so
I'm just going to so I put my hair up in
a bun to try to avoid it getting in a
mat but I know that I'm gonna end up
taking it down because it's just way too
tight so laundry and then I'll see you
guys in the kitchen for coffee times huh
I told you guys orange likes to carry
stuff like around the house I couldn't
find my headband here today I just found
it it was underneath one of the chairs
out in the living room sir orange uh-huh
and there was also a whole pack of socks
by the foot of the bed and there was
also a safe to hack in the bed Oh can
actually go around the corner in here
too before you couldn't even like get in
here I was like cat food it's really
looking snacky in here for quarantine
okay usually none of these snacks are in
here like what hot cheetos flamin hot
Funyuns flamin hot puffs who's in their
products this box has been here for
months
now okay orange loves it he lives in it
it's his favorite box shall we make a
coffee oh yeah let's make a coffee
didn't I see the plastic ones like this
the bigger one so I'm just curious if
anyone has tried the plastic ones
because I want to know if they're
disabled I just was deleting footage and
it had like videos of me with my lash
extensions on and I hated them at first
and now I really like them and now I
miss them and I only got to get them one
time and then quarantine happened and
now I don't have any on this side I have
like nine on this I
all right let's make a damn coffee also
beams would like me to inform you that
you shall not be seeing him during
quarantine because he currently looks
like the Teen Wolf his hair is so grown
out his beard is so overgrown it's crazy
put this back in and be that person
everything all of it somebody asked how
many of these we go through a week and I
shall not answer a question I see you
eyeballing me I see you about to take an
exciting trip to the mailbox does I have
to pay my car payment and my long people
I want people are actually right down
there the guys looking at me random
little torn up note in my driveway
something somebody had a scholarship
program three hours later
hi we're gonna go on a little bike ride
get some fresh air
little movement of the bone if you up
I'm a savvy thieves that big-ass
mountain bike or no it should be Amex
bike great and then I have mine from
nineteen fifties but I had to put the
old lady seat cuz this is more comfy
[Applause]
[Music]
we had a pizza I have to go bike ride
washing housewives paid the bills my
cats feed my cats an exciting part of my
day so since I've seen you guys last
I've walked around the house a couple of
times I've brushed my hair
me and Biebs had a rigorous game of
hitting a beach ball back and forth to
each other yes we were playing ball in
the house we're adults I fed my birds
and my squirrels and my rabbits which I
live outside hybrids and now I'm
contemplating if I want to have another
cup of coffee for absolutely no reason
oh and I'm watching Orange County
housewives season poor
[Music]
baby girl though anyways good morning hi
has missed you I have been sick for the
past couple of days so I have not been
anywhere social media YouTube anything I
just didn't feel good from like
Wednesday through basically Saturday so
I took out all my exceptions yesterday
morning I had Bebe's help me take them
out I thought I lost you guys like I
thought I lost the vlog camera I even
have a new blog camera sitting in my
Amazon cart but you guys were just lost
in my closet which is really messy and
it needs to be cleaned and you guys are
like under a pile of clothes so I'm
really excited that I found you and I
didn't have to order a new camera so I
had a really good sleep last night
because I didn't have extensions in and
it was just so freakin comfy like who
wakes up and go straight into an allergy
attack do you see this face this face is
getting ready to sneeze I need to do my
nails today because this this is not
cute okay it's a black outside it looks
like it's 10:00 p.m. the lights weren't
on if I turn all the lights off this
damn train if I turned all the lights
off it would look like 10 p.m. in here
plus there's like that little fan thing
you notice like above your soul that
makes that noise that's the air in and
out and it is going wild I think we
[Music]
would also like to give a shout out to
pet greens beeps couldn't find orange
any grass Petsmart is where he usually
gets it and orange loves this shirt okay
he loves it that grass sent us a batch
and oranjee is very grateful for that
thank you they sent him his own PR
packages it's so funny like it says to
orange he want to eat by yourself this
right here might be my favorite sound
delicious I just don't understand how
like tick-tock songs just get like
embedded into your brain so I just made
a coffee I left it out in the kitchen so
I'm going to go um I painted my toes
last night I gave myself a pedicure I
think that might have actually taken me
longer than it takes for me to do my
actual nails don't ask me how you ever
seen a cuter yeah I guess you guys have
never heard me refer to it as bean juice
because I put up on Instagram bean juice
tastes like chocolate made me go zoom I
don't know where we saw that but me and
Jeremy I'm trying to say his name more
to you guys Jeremy we say that to each
other and a lot of you guys thought I
had made a bean smoothie I don't think
that would be very tasty so I'm gonna
with some packages cuz it's getting a
little out of control at the front door
you see that all those like long tall
boxes over there from Restoration
Hardware they're like olive branches or
something it's like a vase that I got
with all the branches in it that I'm
gonna put in the bedroom when the
dresser and all that stuff comes three
hours later
[Music]
Wow are you hungry just bury into this
jean jacket he's making us our golden
elixir which is just turmeric ginger
lemons green apples yeah Andy puts MCT
oil and cayenne pepper it and what black
one hour bleep in were you measuring
yourself to show how big you look and
today we are going to clean the
chandelier because after four years of
living here I finally realized how to
take off the little glass pieces because
I wasn't here when the guy installed the
light so I never knew and last night I
finally figured it out so it really
needs to be cleaned we're gonna do
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we're gonna go on a little bike ride
around the neighborhood I still have
this almond oil in my hair which I'm
gonna wash out after the bike ride I
swear
I've already made my coffee you guys saw
me I was outside earlier feeding the
birds which I do every morning so
beautiful my Instagram yesterday a lot
of you were like just throw the whole
light away I can't believe you're
cleaning it oh my god you're crazy
you're psycho this is torture that's
horrible I can't believe you're doing
that that's like we're on quarantine
what else am I gonna do it took four
hours to clean that light it was not
that serious I think the last time I got
cleaned was like three years ago so it
needed it it's not something that I'm
doing every day but it was definitely
something that needed to be done and I
felt accomplished after I did it so
today we're going to film I'm gonna do
like a kind of like what I do in
quarantine like almost like a vlog but
not vlog you know I'm saying so I'm just
finishing up my coffee and I'm gonna
head to the back and put on some makeup
probably won't see a lot of you guys
today because you'll just see the
footage that I shot today in the actual
video and then that's really I'm doing
today's filming I mean it is gonna be a
little bit crazy today because I have a
lot of things that I need to film for
the video so let me shut up and get it
going but I would loop in its
procrastination in someone's DNA or do
you think that they just develop it
during their life because
[Music]
I think it's almost like man o'clock so
we're probably gonna eat watch
Vanderpump and then maybe a little dark
so I will see you guys it is it is
Wednesday my dudes I feel like it just
always Wednesday every day
every day's Wednesday from now on while
in quarantine every day is Wednesday my
dude I have almond oil and jojoba oil in
my hair again because I filmed a video
yesterday and one of the things was I
just doing a hair mask so I need to wash
this out at some point today probably
tonight oh but I'm gonna feed the birds
and then I'm gonna just edit today I'm
not gonna do a whole lot which I'm okay
with Maspero yeah he comes in the
morning to get peanuts you see him he's
like hello have you got any peanuts for
me you want some peanuts you want some
peanuts sir look at his little hands any
peanuts to spare we're in second dude I
so have a bird feeder out there so we
got to give him some fresh water
you want to see the oh oh oh you want
you want the water just to check out the
water ball in the morning
[Applause]
can you hear his music
[Applause]
my neighbor across the street he always
plays like golden oldies so anytime you
come out here there's always funk
playing like it's always a good song to
like this one is I'll be what Gitmo what
the hell is that where did this come
from
oh you got no kids yeah that's creepy
keep playing that foam sir so I'm
actually gonna go and clean the beauty
room cuz it's a little it's not as crazy
as it usually is but it is a little
messy in there so I'm gonna go clean
that up and organize it a little bit not
organized it just clean it up it doesn't
need to be organized I mean the claw
also needs to be organized what a
don't want to get in there but yeah like
my desk is messy my filming desk is
messy my dressers messy so I just have
to put stuff away we'll have our water
before we head back this is 32 ounces
and I try to drink like four clean clean
lean yeah
