okay am I like super sweaty because I
feel like I'm not to sweat out of chair
do I look sweaty I can feel sweaty but
do I look sweaty I feel like my body is
just like why are we why do we have
these hair extensions in like what are
you doing but I didn't do my hair and
when I don't do my hair and I clip in
hair extensions it makes it look like I
did my hair in three two what hello and
welcome back to my channel today I'm
gonna be sharing with you guys a few of
my favorite at-home products
hopefully some of them you guys will
like maybe one maybe some maybe none but
I'm hoping that you'll like some of them
I'm also gonna be sharing with you guys
and at home laser hair removal update
because so many of you are in my DMS
asking for an update so since I'm
speaking about it let's actually get
into it the update so the at home laser
hair removal system that I've been using
is from Kenzi this is what it looks like
it does come with a plug-in I just don't
have it plugged in currently and what's
the point in having the cord plugged in
if I'm gonna be waving it all around
it's just easier like this but I just
wanted to let you guys know if you
didn't see that first video that you do
need to plug this guy in so I've been
using it for months now I honestly don't
even remember when I started using it
but when I did start using it I was
using it on level 4 there's five
different settings that is recommended
that you use it on five for the best
results but it took me a second to get
up to five one through four I really
didn't feel the zap but at five I was
like hi I feel that I'm so hot I was
like I'm sweating but after a few months
of using it I can use it on five with no
problems so when I first started using
this guy I was using it once a week on
level 4 I think I use it on level 4 for
like the first two weeks and then I was
like I wanted the maximum results so I
cranked it up to 5 and I just took it
okay and I did get really good results
with it like when I look down at my legs
I'm honestly shocked because I am more
on the hairy side of the spectrum
so to not have tons of hair on my leg
I'm just like wow I've never tried to
use this on like my bikini area or
anything like that I've recently started
using it under my arms during doing the
once a week situation but for my legs
I probably use it now like two three
times a month I'll use it whenever I
like open the drawer and see it in there
but I really don't have a lot of hair
growth I left a little portion on my
ankle area just so you guys can see how
long the hair is on my leg
since it's been since I like actually
shaved my leg because obviously I've
been missing it with this little guy so
I will be concentrating the laser hair
removal on that little portion of my
ankle but I wanted you guys to see it
just because like when I saw how long
the hair was I was like wow I forgot
what it was like to have hair like this
on my leg so I'm really pleasantly
surprised with the results that I got
from this guy that's why I've started to
use it on my arms
I know people use it on their face I
haven't I haven't gotten there yet but
maybe after I do my underarms I will do
my face like maybe like the mustache
situation because it would just be nice
to not grow hair above your lip right
right so I'm going to show you guys a
quick demo of me doing it just in case
you missed that original video where I
was showing you what I do it's super
duper easy and again I would definitely
recommend using it on a higher setting
if you want to get results faster so let
me show you guys those clips and then
we'll get back into it okay so here's
the little portion of my ankle that I
always seem to forget but I just wanted
to show you guys the hair growth that's
really like how long it's been since
I've actually did like a full shave on
my legs because this Kensie at-home hair
removal is just really really effective
it saves so much time it's super duper
easy the power button is on the back you
can crank it up between one and five and
one of my favorite things is that it
won't fire unless it knows it's on your
skin I think that's super efficient and
making sure that you're getting the most
out of this at-home hair removal system
I usually use it between four and five
just so I'm getting the best results I
can get from it so I'm just gonna hit
these few spots that I missed clearly I
need to wear glasses when I'm in here so
if you guys want to try the Kenzi for
yourselves I will leave a link in the
description bar for you or you can go to
kenzi.com I'll have a discount code in
the bottom bar just to save you guys a
little money so that you can spend less
time shaving and more time doing things
that you actually like
okay so on to the rest of the goods let
me get a sip of water alright I really
just want to touch the ice roller so
that's the first thing that I mentioned
to you guys I'm fighting the urge to
roll this all over my face it is a
little sweaty right now just because
it's been sitting under these hot lights
cooking but I mentioned this to you guys
a few days ago on Instagram and I just
said it was an ice roller but again if
you missed it this is an ice roller that
you are going to just put in your
freezer and you're just going to roll
your face with this whenever you want I
had a lot of questions like when should
you use an ice roller should you use it
and PM me I just use it whenever I feel
the urge to I do ice roll daily for like
five to ten minutes ice rolling really
helps with lymphatic drainage which is
just like when your face holds like
water weight and stuff lymphatic
drainage is great for just like removing
toxins it also helps to soothe and
reduce inflammation in the skin it helps
with blood flow in the face which is
going to make everything look more
youthful and firmer and I saw somewhere
that it said it helps to reduce the look
of the size of your pores on your face
like it will kind of shrink them
temporarily so you might want to do this
before you do your makeup in the morning
I personally like to use it whenever I
see it like I don't have a specific time
I don't really have like skincare or
anything on my face when I am using it
after I'm done rolling my face I will
wash it with soap and water and then I
will put it back in to the freezer for
the next day but I literally cannot live
without this guy also use it when my
allergies are acting wild I like to just
hold it over my eyes because it's very
soothing and then if I ever get like a
really intense headache I will roll it
over my temples and is very soothing as
well another product that I keep in the
freezer is this mask but this mask you
can use hot or cold which I really like
most of the time I'm not gonna lie I do
use it cold this I like to really use
when I have a headache I don't think
it's specifically used for that but like
sometimes I get really bad migraines and
this is just like so soothing and
comforting and I don't have to do like a
lot of moving around and like rolling it
so I will just put this on my face
whenever like I feel the need so it's
jelly are these like jelly balls like
what are these little things called
jelly balls on
inside and then it is cloth on the other
side which is really nice on your face
instead of putting like this wet plastic
on your face which like a lot of these
are I like that this one has like a felt
liner in the back it just makes it more
comfortable when you wear it let's talk
about feet
shall we I'm gonna open this hold on let
me open this one cuz this is a brand new
one I don't want to show you guys like a
dirty one but these are like little
jelly socks for your feet where they
have let me turn this inside out so you
can see they have like this little jelly
thing in the heel they make these in
full socks as well which I also have but
I like to sleep with these little footie
things on so I do like the full feet one
because like my toe area kind of needs
the extra moisture as well that's what
these provide I feel like I didn't even
tell you guys that if you don't know
what these little jelly things do they
provide moisture to your feet so I like
the full foot one but I specifically
like these heel ones only in to sleep in
because I think it's easier for me to
sleep with these on my feet like I
really can't sleep with socks on its
floor I feel like it's a Florida thing I
swear to God like it's just too hot to
sleep with socks on so whenever I do put
these on I basically just wear them all
through the day and then I'll go to
sleep in them and it's more comfortable
to sleep because your toes are out you
can wiggle around it doesn't feel as
constricting as the full foot one and I
do think it provides a lot of moisture
you're just kind of missing out on that
moisture like on your like toe under toe
area you know talking about my feet
really need a pedicure help me I have
like three different hair products not
hair products just like hair things here
the first one being this little hair
towel this guy is from kitsch but tons
of different people make things like
this so I have completely stopped using
like a regular towel on my head one I
had like a really cranked neck for a
while and I couldn't even like manage
the weight of the towel on my head so
that's why I started getting these to
begin with oh my got a piece of paper
fell off of it I thought it was a
freaking cockroach it's a lot better for
your hair because this fiber like this
towel fabric is made specifically for
your hair so it's not going to be too
rough on it and to it's like very light
wait on your head I know that these
things have been around forever and I
don't know why I've slept on them for so
long all you would do is like same way
that you would put on a towel it's like
put it over your head twist all your
hair in here and then then there's like
a little elastic in here and a button on
the back and then you would pin it oh hi
Mike
does that Mike been there the whole time
you guys and then you would just pin it
to the little button on the back so I've
been absolutely loving this thing I feel
like I Love Lucy and the cleaning scenes
when I'm wearing this which kind of
makes me like it even more another kind
of at-home hair favorite are these silk
hair scrunchies these are really nice to
sleep in at night if you have a lot of
hair and you don't want to sleep with it
down these silk ones don't leave any
creases in your hair they're really good
for your hair they're comfortable to
sleep in
they provide enough tightness to where
your hair will stay up but it's not
pulling your hair because you really
don't want to be like doing any tight
pulling of your hair at night especially
especially for me girl like I need to
have it in a loose bun or it's down I'm
pretty sure a bunch of brands make silk
hair scrunchies for sleeping you can
just like do like a quick Amazon search
um I just had these silk ones from a
while ago I even feel like these are the
older silk scrunchies I feel like now
they're just like a lot smaller than
this but like I said I just really like
these because it keeps your hair up but
it doesn't hurt and it's not tight but
it holds it in place great what else ok
this wet dry brush next is this brush
and it's called the knot doctor and it's
from Conair this is a wet dry brush and
it's probably my favorite wet dry brush
I've ever used I've used a lot of wet
brushes because it's really the only
thing you should be brushing your hair
with if you even brush your hair wet
like if I air dry my hair I don't brush
my hair I only brush my hair when it's
wet if I'm gonna blow dry it is that
weird this guy literally pulls out the
least amount of hair I've ever seen a
wet brush pull out if any like I
purposely will always clean this I brush
these hair extensions that's why he has
hair in it but I purposely always clean
my brush before I brush my wet hair just
to see how much hair comes out and legit
like three pieces of hair will come out
so I find it to be very efficient and
it's also really good at brushing your
hair when you have
hair extensions in especially clip-in
hair extensions because it's not doing a
lot of tugging and pulling and it just
does a really good job at like getting
all the knots out so out of every single
wet/dry brush i've ever used i really
think that this is the best one it's
purple alright another thing is this
head massager I've been very into giving
myself scalp massages now that I don't
have in like locked-in hair extensions
of course I have in clip in hair
extensions right now and I can't really
get in and like show you what it does
but I'm sure you guys have all seen one
of these head massager things these have
been around since like I was a kid I
remember them being like in the middle
of the mall and people being like hey
let me massage your head and you're like
no you're a stranger but like I was
saying I've been really into giving
myself scalp massages now that I don't
have hair extensions in because it just
like promotes like healthy hair growth
it's just really good to get your scalp
stimulated and this is like a great
thing to do that with if you don't want
to be like rubbing your head all the
time even though I do find myself
rubbing my head all the time I find
myself doing it like before I'm falling
asleep like I'm just like rubbing my
edges I'm like grow hair grow hair
growth this guy is really nice I leave
him out and about like on my dresser
just so I can see him and I most of the
time do it in the morning when I wake up
and come in here so I love this guy it's
such a random thing but it's like so
effective if you guys watch my blogs you
always see the steamer in there this is
from vanity planet and I absolutely love
this steamer it's very small and compact
but it packs a punch of steam it
literally delivers the same amount of
steam as my huge dr. Dennis gross one
that I honestly don't ever use anymore
it sits under my bathroom sink it's out
of sight it's out of mine this guy just
sits right here I always see him so I'm
always steaming steaming helps me with
my allergies I don't know if it like
really helps or if it acts as like a
placebo and it just kind of takes my
mind away from it but if ever I'm having
a really bad allergy attack I always
come in here and steam my face sometimes
I'll steam my face before I do a mask or
say like I have some blackheads that I
need to remove I will steam my face just
like loosen everything up it's really
effective and it's just small and
convenient you just fill this little guy
up with water pop it in here you turn
the button on and like ten seconds later
steam is flowing from this thing like
said oh he turned it on not like I said
if you guys have seen any of my blogs
this baby is always in there alright
this is a random one but this is a
paint-by-number that I got from Amazon
can you even see what's happening you
can't see the numbers at all clearly but
this is a paint-by-number I'm sure you
guys remember paint-by-numbers from when
we were younger but this one is made for
adults and this is what hopefully it
will look like one day if I were good
around to finishing it so I do really
enjoy it I find it very very relaxing to
just paint these little tiny spaces I
understand that some people are like are
you crazy
but for me I do find it relaxing the
only thing that I don't like is that
there's letters on here do you know what
the letters mean the letters mean that
you have to mix the colors to get the
number and I'm just like why so they
give you like 15 different colors you
don't even use all the colors but the
letters mean that you have to take the
two colors and mix them together to get
the color that you need to paint it why
do I have to do all of that why can't
you just put the color in one of the
little pots because you're never gonna
get the same color every time you have
to mix it up the paint dries fast like I
don't understand so I feel like I'm just
gonna go off on my own when I get to all
the letters and paint it how I think it
should look because ain't nobody got
time to be mixing up these colors it
goes this way so hopefully by the end of
the year I'll get that finished but
we'll see how that goes so another thing
that's been consuming a lot of my time
in quarantine has been doing my own
nails at home so I just wanted to
mention this UV light to you guys
because I feel like it's a really good
one and a lot of you guys ask what light
I use when I do my nails at home if
you're wondering why I do gel nails
instead of doing just like regular nail
polish for me if I use regular nail
polish i legit get like one day wear out
of it I don't know why I've always been
like that I tried to paint my nails
regularly and it literally lasted a day
and I was like I can't do this I think
that this light does a really good job
at curing your polish I did buy a
different one from Amazon and I ended up
returning it because it would not cure
my nail polish
I've also been really into a fluffy
socks at the house really really comfy I
have tons of fluffy socks but I thought
that these are just like really cute
ones to show you guys because they're
like pretty in pastel this does come in
a pack a blue pair comes with this my
blue pair just is dirty but I like that
this is like a little pastel II vibe of
fluffy socks that might kiss back sorry
if the Mike's trying to sneak in on
these videos guys alright and then a few
more things one of my new favorite
things is like lotioning lotioning up
moisturizing the BOD because for the
longest time i like couldn't stand
lotions and for some reason now I'm just
like I don't really care like I need to
moisturize the skin but the lotion on
the skin so these are my three faiths
that I current have in rotation they
kind of live in my bedside table the
first one is this sleep lotion from Bath
& Body Works it has lavender and vanilla
in it it smells so divine I mainly use
this one on my hands put it in my hands
at night and then take like a few big
deep breaths right before I go to sleep
and I do find that it is very calming
and then I'm also really into this one
from a vino with this the polishes
they're positively nourishing this is
lavender and chamomile and it's
basically like the same vibe it just has
a very calming scent and sensation so
these two are really great to use before
bed I find both of them to be like not
really greasy and they absorb into the
skin very quickly and then a new
favorite is from Bath & Body Works as
well and this one is a thousand wishes
first of all if you want to know what my
house smells like it smells like a
thousand wishes because I have this
scent in the wallflower and I loved it
so much in the wallflower I had to buy
it in like the perfume and the body
cream and all that jazz even though I
don't think that the body cream and the
perfumes smell as good as The
Wallflowers it still is just like a
really I don't know like invigorating I
find it I don't know what I find this
scent to be I just really really enjoy
it if you have not tried the bath and
Bodyworks thousand wishes Wallflower
try it
Mama's back here bud
baby boy
orange doesn't have anything else to say
okay I think he's done it last at home a
favorite are these two teas from Lipton
this first one is stress therapy and the
other one is a bedtime tea so I have
just recently started getting into like
hotter drinks I know that hot drinks are
really good for like melting everything
so the bedtime tea is the one that I
started with and I think it's so
delicious it's chamomile mint and orange
peels and then the stress therapy is
cinnamon chamomile and lavender and this
one is like really really good so I have
an electric kettle is that it's called a
kettle yeah I have an electric kettle
that you can just plug in and it heats
up the water really quickly and then you
just add hot water and a tea bag I do
find it to be like very calming it is
like a very I don't know I feel like my
body feels heavy after I drink it so I'm
not really sure which one is my favorite
I feel like this dress therapy ones a
little bit tastier just cuz I like the
cinnamon tea vibe to it so those are
just some things that I've currently
been loving while I've been living
indoors not leaving my house so
hopefully you found something in there
that you guys like so that is it for me
I don't think I have anything else to
tell you guys except I love you and I
will see you super soon in another video
bye guys
