hi hey hello and welcome back to my
channel first things first we're gonna
let these space bugs live their life
okay this is quarantine we can do what
we want we can look how we want and
today this is just what my hands did
okay I didn't have any intentions of
rocking space buns in the video but it's
what happened space buns living alright
so in today's video I'm gonna show you
guys how I tie-dye a sweat suit
aka some sweatpants and a sweat shirt
I'm actually gonna do a zip up Hoodie so
I got this hoodie from Target I think it
was like 12 bucks it's just a regular
white zip up hoodie and then these are
just a pair of white sweat pants that I
had so we're gonna do these guys as well
these are champions whether all marks is
Asajj things depending on where you get
them from you can find like pretty cheap
champions stuff on like Macy's I'm a
little nervous because it's just like a
lot of fabric to tie up I didn't get big
rubber bands so I really only have the
rubber bands that came in my tie-dye kit
is this is the first TyTy kit that I
bought but I'm gonna link to different
ones for you guys I'm gonna link this
one and I'm gonna link this one that I
got this one came in this bag like this
but I noticed that these bottles in the
bag are way bigger than the bottles in
this little kit you see so like you
could get a lot done out of this guy I
was using like one of these to do a pair
of socks so I like these bigger size
bottles because you can get more things
done if you follow me on social media
you have seen that I've been making a
little tie-dye pieces this one is for my
niece she's six and then a little
matching top so I made her this purple
set also made her this little pink set
this was the first one that I did with
the little shorties
I got brave and did two-tone socks so
these are purple and yellow and they
made orange a thing that you wants to
remember with a tie dyeing is if you
look at a color wheel it will really
help you you don't want to put any
colors together that naturally won't mix
otherwise you're just gonna end up with
like brown spots on your tie dive
I personally am in to the one color
tie-dye it's so bright you can't even
see but I made myself a green outfit
I'll just show you guys some pictures
mom but I made myself a green outfit I
made myself a multicolored set which I
really like this one I used pink blue
and yellow and there's obviously orange
in it cuz the two colors mixed and then
my favorite one I did the krinkle
technique on my pink set which is what
we are gonna be doing today
dang I really wanted to do a peach set
today but I thought I had a big bottle
in the peach shade but I don't is
actually orange so I also had a lot of
questions on how I got that baby pink
shade because a lot of the pink that's
in the tie-dye kits is a very intense
like fuchsia so what I did was filled it
up like regular and then I poured it all
out and I filled this up completely with
water and then I just added like a
little bit and then if you squeeze it on
to a paper towel you can get like a
pretty good gauge of what the color is
gonna look like so you can just keep
adding more water to the dye to make it
a lighter color so that's how I got that
baby pink shade if you want any of your
colors to look more pastel or light you
can just dilute them with water and then
again just test it on a paper towel also
you can wash it out sooner than the
recommended 24 hours a lot of these
pieces I just had to die on for around
3-4 hours and wash them off and they
still look really good so if you want a
lighter color just add more water or
wash them out sooner but if you want the
full intensity of color make sure you
leave it on for the recommended 6 to 8
or overnight if you want all right let's
go tie-dye some things and let's get it
going alright I just find it easier to
work down on the floor you see that I
have like a little protective layer but
if anything gets on this carpet it's not
a big deal to me because there's just a
lot that's on this carpet from Halloween
videos and I'm gonna take this carpet
out pretty soon anyways so it's not that
big of a deal but if you are concerned
make sure you're just working somewhere
that you won't stain it these little
paper gloves come in the tie-dyed kit
and then you're gonna need some rubber
bands like I was saying these are the
rubber bands that come in the tie-dye
set so if you give them like a good
stretch they will start to just loosen
up a little more
excuse me ma'am also I found a teal
bottle of tie-dye so I'm gonna try to do
teal because I feel like I haven't dyed
anything teal yet I am gonna dilute this
though a little bit so it's a little bit
of a lighter shade so you're gonna need
some water because you're gonna dunk
whatever your tie-dyeing into the water
also it's gonna stain your fingers right
away so just keep that in my I'm gonna
pour the tie-dye in here probably about
half of it and then I'm going to take
this turkey baster and fill it up with
water and then add the water I find that
I like the shades just a little bit more
if they're a little lighter and then
make sure you put this dye somewhere
that you're not going to knock it over
because this guy is strong and he is
powerful and then if you want to test
your color you can just take like a
white paper towel and squeeze some color
onto it and then you can kind of get
like a rough estimate of what your
colors gonna look like I think I'm gonna
water this down a little more actually
because that looks pretty intense still
here's our final shade I feel like it's
like I said hard to see on camera but
you can see that that first one is just
a lot more blue compared to our last one
so now that we have our custom color we
can get to dying I'm a little nervous
for these tie-dyed pants so I'm gonna
put my gloves on because I have died on
my hands already but if you don't have
any dye on your hands you can just do
this with you know your hands but I
don't want to risk it it's gonna get
this soaking wet we just want to put
whatever you're dying in a bowl of water
and just get it wet if you watched my
tie-dye soft video all these steps are
really similar but you guys want it to
see a sweat suit so that's what we doing
yeah it is kind of hard to get this guy
in there if you got like a bucket or
something that would probably work best
she's gonna help the dye stay in there
and it just helps it bleed better onto
the fabric and then you're just going to
ease it out
same for the pants you just want to get
them wet them out which is the hardest
part
so I took my gloves off to just give it
a ring out once more and then you're
just gonna lay whatever you're working
on flat we're gonna do the crinkle
technique on this guy if you want to do
the spiral all you need to do is grab a
chunk from the middle and turn inward
you can see it's already spiraling and
you just continue to turn until you
don't have any fabric left and then you
rubberband but for me I like the crinkle
technique which is a lot easier so what
you're gonna do is you're just gonna
start grabbing the fabric like this and
just start like crinkling it up like
that
so that crinkle part is easier to deal
with
so you're just crinkling just kind of
squishing everything close to each other
this time
just get it in close see I'm pulling the
background and like some of these pieces
they don't want to cooperate you make
them cooperate no idea how minute side
is up that's going to be a tack on its
own but keep pushing it together or
crinkling it up you know drop cloth
whatever this is alright so then it
looks something like that and now I have
to try to rubberband that and secure it
together the nice thing is is there's
hard to like mess up the crinkle so I'm
just going to take as many rubber bands
as I think
voila that's what we have I'm going to
push him to the side and I'm going to do
our pants
now if we have everything tied up we can
start dyeing I personally like one color
tie guy with white I feel like it's more
versatile you can weight with more
things so to ensure that there is white
in this guy I'm gonna make sure that I
can see white we're gonna need some
plastic bags just to put your piece and
afterwards I'm hoping that this all fits
in there because these are the biggest
things I've tie-dyed so far so hopefully
that we can make that fit otherwise you
can just use plastic wrap and wrap it
you just want to wrap it so that you
keep it damp ready
there's nothing but make sure you shoot
down in
[Music]
[Music]
all right he's good to go we'll set him
to the side now I just need to mix up
some more dye for our pian
[Music]
[Music]
okay now I'm gonna put that guy in a bag
someone let these guys marinate and then
I will see you guys when it's time to
wash it up all right so these guys have
been sitting for about six or seven
hours it's about 9:30 so I'm gonna go
rinse these out and see what we got so
I'm gonna rinse in cold water until the
water runs clear and then we're gonna
throw them separately into the washing
machine
[Music]
you
you
