hello and welcome back to my channel
today I'm gonna show you guys how I give
myself an at-home blowout using my air
wrap tool I've gotten a lot of requests
for this this was just kind of an
impromptu video I did not plan on
filming but I was getting ready to blow
dry my hair and I sit down in my filming
area it's a blow dry my hair anyway so I
was like you know what let me just show
you what I do so I'm just gonna part my
hair like I normally do I part my hair
in the middle which you guys know and
then I'm gonna add a few products to my
hair one of them I've been using for
ever and the first one is kind of new
but I really really like it so am i
putting into my hair yet did I yeah I
think I am running it through my hair
I'm using the color wild dream cocktail
this is where fine thin hair and it
instantly adds a mess and volume I
really like this because I feel like it
does add a little bit of bounce and
volume to the hair without weighing it
down so after I get that in there I'm
just going to brush through my hair to
make sure she's not knotty and she's
nice and just brushed through before we
go in with my holiest of holy grail hair
products coffee first I'm gonna use the
color Wow dream coat supernatural spray
this is like a transforming spray that
transforms the texture of your hair it
helps to protect it against humidity it
just really controls any kind of frizz
or texture you have in your hair and I'm
literally going to douse my hair in this
my hair was like more on the drier side
at the top of my head but I'm just going
to soak my hair in this basically until
I can't use my finger to spray it
anymore
also this color wall dream coat is a
heat activated product so if you're not
planning on blow-drying your hair you
probably don't want to spray this in
there because it's probably not gonna do
anything for you so just keep that in
mind and it does require a little bit of
tension so you got to be kind of like
strong with your blow-dry so after I've
sprayed that all throughout my hair is
going to brush it one more time just to
make sure that the product is like
evenly disbursed through my hair and
then we're gonna move right on to drying
so what I use now to dry my hair is just
the Dyson Air app I purchased this guy
when it first came out about two maybe
three years ago and I just absolutely
love it this is the attachment that I
use the one with a little pink bristles
it comes with six different attached
this is another brush head you can use
if you want but I just like this one a
lot better and I'm just gonna start
blow-drying my hair I like to do the top
section first that's just me oh no I
know a lot of people like to start from
the bottom and work their way up but I
like to make sure that this part is nice
and dry and that my part is kind of
locked into place so I'm just going to
brush my hair it's doing all the work
for me you do want to start with a
little bit of more damp hair it does
come with like a rough drying tool so
that your hair is not like super soaking
wet when you're drying it but it just
looks a little more wet because of all
the products that I sprayed into it but
it's not super super wet it's just more
on the damp side so as you can see I'm
just going underneath the hair and
brushing down and then going on top of
it and brushing up I just like to brush
all my hair forward because I like my
bangs to kind of like hang in my face
you'll see like when I curl it how it
looks so I'm just going to continuously
do this until I section off my hair and
then basically do the same exact thing
[Music]
so for the most part my hair is dry it's
a little damp still so to finish it off
I'm first going to switch my brush
attachment and I'm gonna go with the
larger size barrel my Dyson came with
four different barrels two different
sizes and each size goes in two
different directions so I'm using this
one to curl away from my face and as you
can see I like to hold my hair on it you
can just let the Dyson grab your hair
that's fine I just feel like when I wrap
it myself I get a little bit of a better
style and I know it seems like I'm
holding it on here for a long time but I
probably am holding it for like 20
seconds ten seconds with heat and then
ten seconds with the cool shot button by
using that little cool shot button it's
just going to help your style lasts a
little bit longer because I had a chance
to cool on the barrel and the roots of
my hair are still a little bit wet so I
am just holding the root of my hair
curled around the barrel a little longer
than I hold the rest of my hair again it
will catch on its own like your hair
will catch around the barrel I just find
after using it for two years that this
is the best way for me especially having
longer hair as you can see it's a little
bit of a struggle to get it on the
barrel the barrel should be a little bit
longer but it is totally doable this is
how I do my hair every single time I
blow-dry my hair I don't even use my
blow-dryer anymore I only only ever use
this tool which is nice especially when
traveling I only have to take this guy
with me with the little brush
attachments so I'm just going to repeat
this all around my hair I do one side at
a time and I will switch the barrel when
I get to the other side of my head
because like I said I'm just curling
everything away from my face also I want
to take this time to say I hope all of
you guys are doing okay no we're like in
a really weird time in 2020 it's pretty
crazy out right now and I just hope you
guys are doing whatever you've got to do
to get through this whether it be
staring at your phone and sitting on the
couch all day watching your favorite
shows organizing your whole house doing
nothing hanging out with your cats like
whatever you guys are doing I just hope
that you are taking easy and taking a
day-by-day because it's a weird time
we're living in and I will have some
vlogs up for you guys next week I've
just been or
my makeup room if you guys follow me on
social I'll leave them in the bottom bar
just in case you are not to see what
I've been up to I've been trying to post
a lot more on stories and stuff just to
keep you guys company so I'm just gonna
keep doing what I'm doing and I hope you
guys are you know just like in a good
mental state and also to anybody that's
working during this crazy time you are
so appreciated nurses doctors take out
people people working in grocery stores
people bringing food deliveries UPS
drivers sanitation workers like anybody
that's like out in this crazy time I
just want to send a wholehearted thank
you because you guys are just you know
the real heroes of this situation so
after that majority of my hair is curled
I always go back and recur all the front
to pieces and then I will tuck those
pieces behind my ear because that's how
you really get like that most amazing
swoop in your front bangs I just let it
sit behind your ears for like 15-20
minutes and it's it's the best swoop you
can possibly get but I always go back
and redo these front two pieces and then
voila you have a blown out hair look
done at home the kind of wavy curl will
fall a little bit but not too much it
really sticks and holds in there because
of that cool shop button and it's really
easy to touch up the next day so I hope
you guys enjoyed if you have an Air app
I hope this helped you guys out it
really is the greatest tool I've ever
owned so that is it for me guys I love
you and I will see you super soon in
another video bye guys
