hello and welcome back to my channel
today's video is going to be a short and
sweet one I get a lot of questions on my
smoothies which is a random one so one
of my new year's resolutions was to be a
little healthier and kind of cut out
sugar and pink sugar like cookies cakes
cannolis like all the good stuff I'm not
restricting myself to sugar and fruit
but I wanted to make this video so that
you guys could come back and reference
whenever you want it to know what I put
in my smoothies this video is also
sponsored by neo cell I mainly use their
collagen powder but I'm going to show
you a few other products that I really
like from them we'll mainly just like
want other ones that I just like cannot
live without and I think you guys will
really like it too
these little guys from neo so these
biotin bursts are super delicious
because I've already had my one for
today but they taste like a little like
mambas almost and it just has a ton of
biotin in it so really good but I
already made one for the day wait so
yeah like I said I was gonna do a whole
video talking about like New Year's
resolutions and stuff but I feel like
it's just so easy to fall off the
bandwagon I feel like you're just
shouldn't be upset with yourself if you
don't achieve one of your new year's
resolutions for me personally my New
Year's resolutions are always the same
they have been for years and years and
years and it's always to eat healthier
be more active and just be more
organized which I feel like I'm pretty
on track for my being more active
resolution I have just been riding my
bike every single day I'm up to about 8
miles in 30 minutes which is a really
good at I'm like just patting myself on
the back I always feel like I'm gonna
die when I get off the bike but it
definitely makes me feel good and it
makes me feel accomplished and
personally the being more active part
isn't for like wanting to lose weight or
anything like that I really want to do
it from my heart just so that I feel
healthier and I have like a very high
endurance like it's really good to get
your heart like pumping like that and
nothing makes me sweat like spinning
spinning cycling whatever you want to
call it nothing makes me sweat like that
and to challenge myself in the new year
I just wanted to be able to ride the
bike every single day which I'm happy to
report that I have been right
every single day dying every single day
but riding it that's what my hair is in
a bun I think that's the worst part
about working out every single day is
that you have to wash your hair wait so
for my smoothie I try to drink it in the
morning before I drink my coffee
sometimes it doesn't work out like that
cuz sometimes I wake up and it's just
sleepy but I do drink a smoothie every
single day and I want to answer some of
your questions about collagen because
usually when I write my smoothies on
Instagram I just write collagen powder
and a lot of you asked like if I've seen
a difference and I have seen a
difference I've also been drinking
collagen for over three months now I
want to say it's been a while since I
have been adding collagen to my
smoothies there are some clinical
studies out there that show that by
taking collagen it can help your body to
produce more collagen for me personally
I think the biggest change that I've
noticed is my overall skin just looks a
lot brighter and healthier my nails
definitely grow faster by it and I wish
they would actually just slow down a
little bit because my now salon is
really far away I just think the biggest
change that I've noticed it's just that
my skin looks better when I'm not
wearing any makeup and I am here for
that alright so let's go out to the
kitchen make a smoothie and I don't know
if I'll be back I'll probably be back
the collagen powder that I'm currently
using is from neo sau and this is their
super collagen for healthy skin hair
nails and I really love that it is for
joint support this has six point six
grams of collagen and all you have to do
is add one scoop in I like to add it to
my smoothie obviously or you can use it
in a glass of water juice or any other
liquid I personally have never drank it
like that I just like to add things to
my smoothies me myself I like the
unflavored one but they do have it in a
French vanilla flavor core I feel like
that'd be good like in coffee or
something like that what I really love
about this neo sell collagen powder is
that that it supports healthy collagen
formation to create youthful skin
healthy hair nails and radiant beauty
from the inside out I believe my full
smoothie recipe in the bottom bar for
you guys and if you want to check out
this neo cell collagen you can find it
on Amazon and I've also seen it at
Target too which is really cool it's
nice to like I don't know see things in
person
actually venture out to the store so I'm
gonna power down my smoothie so I can go
hop on the bike cuz I need to get my
workout in and it's getting late and I
have to blow-dry my hair so I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and if you did make any news
resolutions I hope you stick with them
and I also hope all your dreams come
true
in 2020 and I will see you super soon in
another video bye guys Cheers
