so it is Sunday it's about 12 o'clock
I'm gonna film two videos today I'm
gonna do a hair tutorial for that curly
hair so I washed my hair last night
we're gonna do the curly hair but we're
gonna do a makeup tutorial before we do
that so I'm just going to have my coffee
how's that donut and drink what I'm
gonna have my coffee you drink it to
like have your cake how's that donut dry
so dry a little protein donuts to have
15 grams of protein one gram of sugar
and three net carbs is that what it says
let me the paper
that's good 15 grams of protein one gram
of sugar three net carbs it makes it
better right yeah the donut tastes funny
alright so I need to get started because
I also have to do a voiceover and send
that off in between filming two videos
so let's make a coffee
first things first we need to clear this
off usually this is what I do I'll make
my coffee and then I come in here and
clean my mess while I drink my coffee
cuz it gives me time to drink my coffee
and not get right into thumbing but also
clean my mess at the same time so let's
clean this and we're done boom and then
I'll just get distracted on tick-tock I
like a good 15 20 minutes standing here
I'm not the only one anybody I know I do
have a tick tock okay I'm here
alright we're almost ready to film my
coffee is gone it's full and then it's
not I don't know how it happened so fast
I just need to go find a shirt
preferably something pink and then
ready okay my light setup I got my mic
on I have everything I'm ready to film
so let's switch to the actual like main
setup see this main setup so I hope you
guys are gonna be into this like new
what I wanna make sure this mic is this
close okay that's as close as it can get
so yeah this like new style that I want
to try out I'm hoping you guys are into
because I know that you guys are really
into blogs and I still want to do like
these tutorials because I just think
that this is like an overall better
lighting setup all my stuff is here
everything is just like set right here
so I'm gonna try to do like mashups
where it's like blogging into a tutorial
and then back out to blogging so we'll
see how it goes I hope you guys are into
it
and hi hello I'd miss so I just finished
filming this video which is just this
makeup look and now I'm gonna film my
hair tutorial but yeah let's go ahead
and reset up re clean this and then set
up so that we can film our hair look all
I need to do is basically change my
shirt and then we write to go
alright so it's a clean this mess up
we'll just do it really fast not a total
Betty but a vast improvement if you know
what movie that's from you're cool okay
some h2o in my life is in the picture I
try to drink at least five of these a
day which is like almost okay
our h2o they already say film our second
video and hopefully I'll finish all this
water by the time we're done with this
you
so shall we click in to the actual video
hi I don't know what this hair is doing
but we're gonna get it all the way
together so then I just filmed this
makeup tutorial which will probably be
up after this hair tutorial cuz I figure
that you guys would want to see this
hair channel real first because I got so
many dm's that day that I posted my hair
and I was like really here so I'm gonna
show you how to get this like naturally
lived in tight big curly hair look um
it's pretty easy it just takes a little
bit of time for you to curl your hair so
I'm gonna take all these bobby pins out
of my hair so that we can get this down
and brushed I'm a bobby pins are in here
girl I'll because are in here girl
let's get there's another bobby pin you
see it hi okay okay any time here tie
anytime you're ready so this is just my
freshly washed hair from yesterday I
thought highlights again in case you
guys didn't know so I'm just gonna brush
through my hair so it's not as naughty
as it is
I know brushing since last night maybe I
should take my earrings over this okay
so I'm gonna use this guy from dry bar
this is the hottie Tottie heat
protectant I really like how this smells
to give it a good spray
and then really the only thing that you
need is a little tiny curling wand like
this guy I have done similar tutorials
to this before where you have seen me
curl my hair with a little teeny tiny
barrel I feel like I've gotten a really
fast edit the great thing about curling
your hair with a barrel that is this
small is you don't have to wait you can
literally wrap your hair and unwrap your
hair there's no like waiting making sure
it gets hot like no it's getting hot
we're working in a little bit of smaller
section so it's just going to heat up
very quickly so that is the nice thing
about using a teeny tiny barrel like
this if you don't have a super tiny
barrel like this I just recommend using
the smallest barrel you have and then
just using smaller portions of hair if
you want to kind of achieve the same
look sometimes like when I get tired of
curling my hair I'll really just like
start curling sections this big
sometimes like when I'm really being
like a psycho like I'll curl like this
section you know like that's a big
difference so it just all depends on how
small or how large of sections you're
taking um like how long it's gonna take
you to do your hair so I'm just going to
section off this top part I don't have
any hair ties next to me do I know I
don't it's okay we'll just pin it and
then I'm just going to wrap this up you
know I don't have any hair tie so I'm
just gonna bobby pin this to the top of
my head and hopefully she cooperates and
stays where she's supposed to say that's
stay up there hopefully and then we're
just gonna work on one section at a time
it's just a very repetitive process when
you're curling your hair like this the
great thing is is when I do my hair like
this it last me for a good five six days
and I just sleep wild and reckless with
it like I don't try to preserve it at
all I just go to sleep with my hair
curly and then when I get up the next
day if it's like a little fallen out
like around the top of my hair I'll just
recrawl some of those pieces and boom
right back out the door it's all about
whatever size
you want to take and then you can just
wrap it and then let it go it's really
it'll curl your hair super duper fast
and I like to alternate between like the
directions that I'm going so I'll go
forward and back but sometimes you get
confused when you're doing like a lot of
hair like this and it doesn't matter you
know you can go all forward all back I
just like to alternate the direction of
hair because then that way all of your
curls like won't clump together they'll
like sit on top of each other which will
just make your hair look more full so
just get to purlins okay there's nothing
to it but to do it you will get tired
when you're doing this you will regret
starting to curl your hair but then when
it's all over you're like okay this
looks really cute and I'm glad that I
did it you can see there's a lot of
shrinkage happening like my hair
straight is going off camera and it
shrinks about 6 inch it like it shrinks
about this much so your hair will be a
lot shorter I started in the front so
that you guys could see what it looks
like but when I'm doing like my own hair
and I'm not filming I always start here
in the back and work my way towards the
front I just find it easier cuz then you
can like move hair out of the way a lot
easier than like these hairs in the
front it's actually let's time it so
it's 301 right now and I'm gonna stop
talking and curl my hair and see
actually how fast I can curl 40 minutes
to grow all his hair but it's worth it
I took me seven minutes scroll all that
here
well hey we didn't wait a
and it's 348 so it took us 48 minutes I
got a little lazy at the end can you
show us what time it is 348 so shabam 50
minutes to crawl all this hair but it
didn't feel that long to me this is what
it looks like just on its own which it's
a little intense if you want to wear
usually like this be my guest but I
don't so I'm just gonna take my nails
and run it through my hair I'm gonna do
one side so you guys can see the
difference there's one nails come in
super duper handy so like one side
versus the other it's so funny cuz like
I actually still wear my hair like this
I cannot brush doubt like I was like oh
look at my curls so then you can just
keep doing this until you feel like it's
to your liking the curls like even
though they look more separated down
here they do find their way back to each
other so don't be alarmed if you want to
recur Oh some pieces down here that's
fine but look at the difference with
just a little finger brushing so we're
just gonna finger brush the other side
out
don't be scared like I said your curls
will find their way back to each other
fall away I don't put any product in it
the only product that's in it is the
heat protectant and then you have the
biggest hair that I ever did see and
then if you want to kind of keep it out
of your face a little bit I just take
like a piece from my ear like back here
and I just pull it back like this and
lightly pin it but just make sure you're
pulling it back from like behind your
ear you might need two bobby pins
because your hair is like a little like
that so that you can wear this big-ass
hair but it's not like all in your face
so again I'm just like pulling a piece
from like here like I'm pulling a chunk
of hair from like my ear and then I'm
just pulling it back and pinning it
you can't you're it's I love it when
it's curly because the bobby pin just
kind of disappear into your hair and
people don't know where it's coming from
and then if you wanna be like extra cue
you can just like pull your like little
curls out right here well uh oh no oh no
oh no man oh no Meah okay and that's it
that's all I do
so if you guys enjoyed this video I
don't think I have anything else to tell
you except I will see you super soon in
another video if you guys want to see a
makeup tutorial on this look it'll be up
in the next couple of days cuz I feel
like this video is gonna go first but if
this video doesn't go up first and the
mediums were elbows up first
one of them's linked in the bottom bar
so again that is it for me I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in another video bye guys
you
