so it is Thursday its way later in the
day I think it's like 7:00 p.m. Biebs is
on his way home I think we're gonna go
grab some sushi we also need to go to
the grocery store I don't know if we're
gonna eat first
I feel like I want to eat first then
sometimes I don't like being full and
going to the grocery store because I
feel like I don't want anything but
tomorrow we're gonna go get our hair
done so I'm gonna go you guys on the
charger and charge you up
I just wanted to prepare you morning it
is 11 o'clock I am heading it to the
nail salon - not the nail salon I'm
going to the hair salon to get my
extensions moved up it's gonna be a
pretty busy day so my appointment is at
11:00 I'm hoping that we get out of
there within 4 hours or so because we
are going to this like enchanted
Christmas light situation today I have
to leave the hair salon pick up tiny get
back home change my clothes add some
more makeup and then go so I'm gonna
bring you guys with me all day today so
it's 11:00 right now stop I'm gonna take
us like 30 or so minutes to get to the
hair salon and then like I said I was I
was gonna get like my roots colored the
lights green so I gotta go so I'll see
you at the next red light
we're back at a red light red light
challenge I feel like we're in the Cash
Cab I was originally gonna get my
extensions like the roots colored
because these extensions were blonde
before they put them in my hair so they
kind of fade fast but I think I'm just
gonna get my extensions moved up so I'm
like in and out as quick as I possibly
can be because I feel like we're gonna
be cutting it close today I think our
tickets
I think the enchanted thing is open till
11:00 so that's good and I have to pick
up tiny after this so we are against the
clock I also need to edit a video while
I'm at the hair salon so yeah I can't
wait and our batteries on 26% right and
I just realized that I forgot my
earplugs
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
battery is about to die but we made it
so I'm gonna head to my mom's so I got
out an hour earlier then I thought it
was I look my hair I don't curl my hair
and for everybody's waiting all the time
but girls
[Music]
all right so I got tiny and now we're
off to I think I think we're about to
head into Tropicana Field again I think
it's called enchanted to be wrong
hopefully there's some hot chocolate
[Music]
ten-thirty he's around 10:40 I'm gonna
make a coffee today it's Chinese 18th
birthday so we are gonna go to lunch
me my mom her mom and her friend I think
I'm not sure talking maybe these plates
not me I think that we have lunch at one
o'clock it's time 45 three hours later I
left you guys here at home
great great blogging skills Nicole it is
currently 5:30 we're home
we just went to a seat though I had my
usual some shrimp tacos and then we went
to West Shore I got a pair of sunglasses
and now I'm back home and I'm about to
have a second cup of coffee
Pheebs wants to go to Target and get an
espresso machine or some [ __ ] like that
I don't know he wants to start drinking
hot coffee
he said because it's cold out and I was
like I don't give a damn how cold it is
outside I will still be drinking iced
coffee so I'm gonna make myself a little
cup
[Music]
smell this oh geez please so it's about
ten o'clock I'm gonna go run to sprouts
to see if I can find some vanilla coffee
because we haven't been able to find it
anywhere we haven't been able to find it
at Publix Target or Walmart
we got mocha mocha is okay but it's not
Manolo so I'm gonna go run up to sprout
so fingers crossed I have vanilla coffee
[Music]
so if any of you don't have cats this is
what it's like to have cats just you
know see you guys are fully aware of
what's happening this is what it's like
to own cats so I'm about to jump back on
the peloton bike which I haven't ridden
in Britain right in Munn I like riding
the peloton and doing cardio like mainly
for my heart it's just really good to
like sweat like that and I feel like
nothing nothing makes me sweat like the
peloton bike so hopefully I can like
sweat out the rest of this cold that's
hanging on for dear life so wish me luck
I'm gonna start all over
[Applause]
[Applause]
now I remember why I stopped writing it
so I'm gonna go get in the shower
doesn't seem like the car shuts the door
itself all right so I'm off to look
hotter I'm gonna get some Botox because
I think it's been probably eight or nine
months I feel like since I had Botox I
know it's been a really long time so I'm
gonna go get a little bit of that and
then probably come home and clean my
closet okay we're learning it's good
okay it really needs it
so let's get to spot
[Music]
it's fine it's fine it'll go away I said
that I wanted to clean my closet but no
bending forward for four hours
so housewives it is
[Applause]
my knee it's actually morning this time
I feel like I haven't been picking up
the camera first thing in the morning
but it's actually the morning so it is a
Wednesday my dudes and we're gonna go to
the mall today do a little bit of
Christmas shopping before it gets really
crazy out there in these streets so it's
around 10 o'clock now I'm obviously
gonna have a coffee coffee question that
I get all the time is if I dilute the
coffee I do not when I first started
drinking it I kind of did but I like a
very strong tasting
I like that coffee to be strong like it
just tastes really good because it's
been a lovely overt so I kind of just
dilute it with whatever creamer I put
into it some days it's a lot of tumor
some days it's a little bit of cream or
so you can dilute it with water if you
would like a less strong cup of joe but
a [ __ ] like so strong oh I love you
[Applause]
it's didn't put on any kind of
moisturizer today I'm only gonna try
this to see if I actually feel
moisturized you guys hyaluronic acid in
it which is where the hydration comes
from I feel like I'm squirming an
old-school YouTube video but my little
camera propped up on a box okay so this
is says it is a hydrating a face primer
to minimize the look of pores it is
oil-free silky smooth lightweight and it
has 12 out and it has it provides 12
hours of hydration as of lately I've
been really into this Pat McGrath skin
fetish foundation again this is late
medium 13 but it's still a little bit on
the warm side but with powder and
everything it works itself out in the
end
look at the house when it's not playing
like what is like right now
I really didn't want that warm on camera
either just nice just looks really nice
I found each end it looks oh [ __ ] we're
back I have a mirror right here so I can
see what's happening
[Music]
not nearly so I don't know if Ashley is
a fall rock bottom before she finally
gets it but you know she's using
exchanges you guys should be close to
supposed to
what you talking about today sir it's
about to break
we get a little bit of way a little bit
of light so it's 11:58 we're gonna go to
the post office first to pick up a
package that I missed and then off to
Mom's to pick up tiny and then to
international where hopefully I'll find
some Christmas gifts some quickly
scripts hopefully I'll find some
Christmas gifts and hopefully there's
not too many humans there
[Music]
[Music]
all right so I just left the mall
I just dropped tiny off down with humor
human interactions for the day let's get
the go up out of here for Christmas
shopping I think everything else I can
get online I think everything else I can
get online a car just pulled up next to
me and I like staring in the window
hardcore but mall was not that crazy
which was nice so I think that I'm done
with the majority of things that I
wanted to get and then the rest of the
things I can get online which I need to
do today or tomorrow so that like
positive everything will be here by
Christmas because I told you guys
earlier right we're going out of town on
the 22nd to Minnesota for the Minnesota
Vikings game which I'm super excited
about we come home on Christmas Eve like
we fly on Christmas Eve so I don't know
what the airport is gonna be like but I
wanted to make sure that I had all my
gifts and everything done before we
leave on the 22nd so the 21st is like my
last day so I think I don't I think
today's like the 11th or the 12th 11th
11th or 12th one of those days
I think I just need to get beeps one
more thing
I got my mom my mom is done check check
my mom okay on that note I will see you
guys about good morning
no no no no it is not the morning you
see I never pick up the can't we're on
the six percent battery okay so let me
tell you I had to drop my car off at the
dealership this morning and it took a
month to get the appointment because
some things just like the computer and
sevens been running really slow and you
guys never when I cracked my windshield
well I feel like when I got my
windshield replaced it I don't know what
like fogs up weird so I took it in it
took one month to get the appointment
over a month I feel like and there's a
whole time I thought my appointment was
December 12 which is today I get there
and the guys like your appointment was
two days ago I was like what he was like
yeah you were scheduled on the 10th I
was like cool they still took my car but
because I didn't bring it in on the day
that I was supposed to they didn't have
any loners for me so I had to have Biebs
come pick me up and they were like
alright well we're gonna have to keep
your car for a couple days and I'll just
like have a nail appointment on Sunday
how how are we getting there will
probably take Tiny's car I'm glad I did
some Christmas shopping yesterday so
yeah let me charge you up and I will see
you guys in a little bit I thought you
were charging last night but I guess I
just finished doing some cardio on the
damn peloton but I'm glad that I did it
it's always nice after you work out you
know it's a struggle before and during
and all that [ __ ] but it's nice once
you're finished it has been the most
overcast day ever it looks like it's
been 7 o'clock at night all day long all
day long the Christmas tree has been on
since 9:00 a.m. so the beam is coming
over with em and rube and we are going
to make some Christmas cookies today
I was gonna go blow-dry my hair but I
think I'm just gonna let it air-dry and
then wave it tomorrow
what do you want to eat dancer white
wine
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
go way down so big oh my god this [ __ ]
is good just plain get that elbow in
there all right perfect
there you go on the fifth day of
Christmas my true love gave to me he
wants to build us homie if you wanna
build a snowman and wider bikes along
the hallway
by balls
I bet can I use that I need a white can
somebody get away
what doesn't come it doesn't
I need you to focus
[Laughter]
thank you it's pretty good cookie Wow
bTW baby uncle Jeremy what happened to
his shirt
