[Music]
hello and welcome back to my channel so
today we're gonna be doing a vintage
showgirl
I was inspired by some pictures I saw
online and of course the og showgirl
herself Nomi Malone is that what her
name was I can't remember I was also
inspired by the picture that I have on
my wall the vintage showgirl I realized
I've never done like a super glam look
for Halloween and I get not everyone
wants to be like a Disney character or
spooky so I'm gonna do this vintage
showgirl look but honestly you could
wear this with any kind of costume that
just required some kind of super exam so
I already put my brows on and I prime
into my eye and I'm just kind of mapping
out the shape that I want with like a
light brown shadow and then I'm gonna go
in and darken it up later with some
black from the Make Up For Ever flash
palette but before I do that I'm gonna
use a white base and just kind of carve
out the inner corner of my eye I just
imagine a showgirl being like super
dramatic a lot a lot of makeup obviously
because they want you to be able to see
their face all the way in the cheap
seats so that's why people pile makeup
on so I'm just kind of doing like this
rounded eye look that's like super
exaggerated I'm using just white and
black because I feel like those are the
best two colors to use if you want to be
like out there so I'm just gonna let you
guys watch this I'm just gonna start
with the white set it of course and then
we're gonna go ahead and go in with a
black shadow and just kind of trace over
that original shape that we have
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
here I'm just taking that black from the
flash palette and drawing a c-shape kind
of right in the middle of my eye and
then we'll just fill the rest in with
the black
[Music]
[Music]
all right for foundation you can see
this one I don't know to me it's like 47
shades darker than me but I would think
that as a sugar you probably would wear
a few shades darker just so that the
lights don't wash you out completely
like I'm really talking like I'm about
to go on stage and perform but I don't
know I just like to try to do what I
would do if my ass was a showgirls so I
would put on a little bit darker
foundation so I'm gonna have to end up
using some body foundation to match my
neck to my face and I used the k'kaw
body which I really do like this and I
think this shade is like light or light
medium they are pretty dark even like
for the lighter shades but again I feel
like if you were a real-life showgirl
you would be wearing body makeup so
we're trying to stay authentic here
[Music]
for contour I'm gonna use this
I forget that Studio Fix stick or
something from Mac and I'm gonna sculpt
out a different cheek shape I'm just
gonna try to make like my actual cheek
like not my hollow but like the round
Apple part right here just really pop so
I'm just going to exaggerate some
shadows underneath it I'm not gonna
fully blend out my contour either just
because I want you to be able to tell I
have a different cheek shape so I'm
gonna do that to both sides again just
to make that Apple
[Music]
all right so after my face is complete
I'm just gonna add some more you know
touching up to the eyes I always go back
and forth to the eyes so I'm just adding
more white shadow more black shadow just
intensifying also I know it looks a
little darker on one side than the other
but that's because there's not a light
on the other side of my face so it looks
darker but it's pretty much the same for
lashes I'm going to use these from El
Dora I've been using these for like
every single one of my Halloween looks
or just like the most perfect Halloween
lashes ever she has a few different
styles I'm also going to use her lower
lashes which we'll be putting one in a
second here I'm just doing my under eye
and I'm extending my inner corner just a
little bit just to give it more of an
exaggerated I look and then we're gonna
go ahead and pop on some lower lashes
after we get that you know situated
[Music]
for my lower lashes I'm just gonna
squeeze some eyelash glue into this
little plastic container and let it sit
there for a second so that it gets super
tacky it's gonna make putting on your
lower lashes a lot easier so I'm just
gonna dunk my little to lash piece
into the lash glue and then apply it's
gonna stick SuperDuper easy you're not
gonna have any trouble and I'm also
sticking it to like my liner line and
not my lower lash line just so it's like
more exaggerated and then just Sparkle
it up a little bit I'm gonna add some
jewels I did about seven underneath my
lower lash line and I think I did about
seven or eight on the top of my brows
and then I just threw some random ones
in unlike my lids I knew I was gonna be
wearing a headpiece so I didn't want to
put any like on the side of my face or
like up near my hairline but if you're
not wearing a headpiece you could
totally do that
this is very time-consuming so just keep
that in mind if you do want to do this
it takes
[Music]
so you can do any color lip you want but
come on a showgirl is wearing a red lip
so I just made mine a little more on the
darker side by just using a darker red
lip line and then going over it with a
bright red a liquid lip so after your
lip is on this look is complete I will
list my entire outfit in the bottom bar
in case you guys you know want to wear
this I love the headpiece I think it was
like 10 dollars and it really like
turned the look out even though I kind
of felt like a glenda the goodwitch I
was still into it so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I love you and I will
see you SuperDuper soon in another video
bye guys
[Music]
