[Music]
[Music]
you ready go Oh what is that dry shampoo
why are we looking boots
we thought it would be funny actually we
as in me thought it would be funny if
thieves tried to follow along to one of
my Halloween tutorials so live tutorials
that way
why are you looking at looking at you
we're gonna turn ourselves into a
Bradley Bradley we're gonna turn
ourselves into a ghostly a bride and
groom I've had this on my list for years
and years Cheers it just so happens that
we're doing it now so yeah I'm gonna be
doing my makeup and I'm just gonna have
Biebs follow along and see what he comes
up with what if mine is better than
yours then you just art your own YouTube
channel I'm just gonna change your
channel to mine oh he's the captain now
we're gonna go ahead and just get
started I guess obviously I already have
on a wig beeps doesn't have a wig I'm
gonna have him paint his hair and his
beard white huh
you just found this out you're gonna
have what do you think you're gonna be a
ghost with a dark hair yeah you good
cross that bridge only good dad
okay first thing we're gonna do we're
gonna use some cream foundation this is
actually called ghost gray which seems
perfect graftobian it doesn't seem
really great all right it looks a little
green looks on your face okay don't put
it okay yeah with shadow and everything
it'll eventually it'll turn gray so get
a little put it on with your finger get
a little makeup sponge brushes right
there
and you're gonna just dig in get a lot
of primate yeah just get get into it
this isn't this is messy beeps and then
we're just gonna start pushing this into
the skin no clogging my damn pores
I got masks for you
all over the whole face this is our
original lease right there you go
this is our base color oh my god so you
really you want it to look like there's
not a little square you how many times
I've done my makeup zero whole face look
hold it like close to the sponge and
then just concentrate on a little area
pushing it pushing it pushing it into
the skin right how close you get into
the old eyeball get up in there don't be
scared
eyebrow eyebrow would dunk my Friday
nights would turn into this don't you
look you man we're gone we don't just
it's a great half face so serious um you
can use whichever and you prefer this
erase cuz I think I'm winning you're
winning you could literally just slap
some gray paint on your face and glows a
ghostly couple yep take you to the next
level
yeah we times each other oh my god
but it's need some Botox look at my
forehead got a knife slice on my Jesus
some brotox' you're gonna cover this
with your eyebrows go give it a little
rub back and forth like that so you get
this the skin under there's go over your
lids
ah over your Islands your kid glozell
and I how close I would keep it not
scrunched like this this wig is hanging
on for dear
okay let me like a statue look to look
good so we're done yeah just say your
face I guess your eyelids I believe I'm
set
you're set you do look like Snoop Dogg
in that outfit like a gray shadow and
just start creating some depth around
the eyes so let's first focus like on
this inner corner here of our eye and
you're gonna do like little circular
motions using light pressure in your eye
in the corner of the eye
why are you holding it like can't open
one eye at a time so we're just trying
to like enhance shadows on our face
whole eye for just that corner we're
gonna focus right on that corner but you
can start to this is like annoyingly
poking me in my face all the way around
how you're holding the makeup brush how
do you hold it deep it up in these
corners could you try to make your eyes
look like they're you know hollow how do
you do it this doesn't feel like little
things just poking and poking and poking
oh okay
we lost beeves you look dead so I feel
bad never know how lid block-post it
would be on a Friday night kids sitter
wit ol idiy trying to get that new
release oh man you thought you're gonna
get lucky looking in their return bin no
never
oh my god oh that ghost can't scare me
with a national brush on my head orange
boy alright we're gonna carve our
cheekbone so we're gonna start curling
up here and now we're gonna pull it down
ah kranj line what happened think you
fix it don't go above it extract what
the hell happened what it what are you
looking at I don't look right I need a
skinnier brush we're gonna show people
this [ __ ] is hard that's not the look
this is not the look underneath so I
should do that
pulling the shadow down with a clean
brush over this same dirty brush when I
great where this curve is you want that
too you really dark this little pointy
airbrush wood the same gray this guy
I'm doing the darker gray start pulling
that a line down a little bit again you
want this part to be darkest here but
just remember that you want the darkest
to be near the edge and then you want
it's like fade out Instagram reality
wait I shadow you gonna put a grate on
top of this nothing comes off my brush I
swear to God mine's peeve
you're just gonna start adding more ya
beauticians hair
[Music]
Oh not too crazy yeah and that's it and
that's it I don't like it you don't like
it I don't like you being hard on
yourself I think it looks great look at
you back there
you look terrifying what's new oh my god
that's how many you've used yeah that's
why mine looks like it under
night King [ __ ] my butt cheek is asleep
[Music]
[Music]
