mentioned no we don't start this over so
what we gonna do
hello and welcome back to my channel
feels nice not twisper right right so we
know what today is right is top ten
Tuesday I have been sitting racking my
brain this morning like what the hell
are we gonna talk about in today's top
ten Tuesday we had to get up really
early because we had to take juice to
the vet to get his little armpits shape
because we actually got him groomed
because it does recommend that like
Maine Coons get groomed we've always had
short hair cats and now we have these
two long-haired majestic beasts that
need a lot more attention than the
shorthair cats coats do so we got him
groomed a little while ago and the lady
gave him back to us like wet cuz she
said that he was scared of the
blow-dryer and I was like alright and
then from that he got like two huge mats
like in his armpit so we went and got
him like shave this morning not
completely just those little pits he
still looks like a fluffy man but
literally since I woke up this morning
I've been like what are we gonna talk
about like what are we gonna talk about
today and then I remembered in like one
of the videos we kind of mentioned lip
combos and I saw a lot of you being like
yeah lip combos so we're gonna do top
five lip combos mainly nude lips because
that's like you know my vibe but like
more pinky toe nude more nude nude and
like more Brown toe nude there's a lot
of lip products here because usually my
lip combo recipe ends up being like four
products so if new lips are your vibe
this videos for you if not hangout
anyway girl hangout anyway so yeah I
don't have anything on my lips I have a
little bomb from when I was doing my
makeup and then like my lip line is like
got concealer and stuff on it which is
fine we over line our lips anyways I
really like to over line my lips just a
little bit it makes some look super
plump and I don't know it just I just
really enjoy over lining my lips let's
just jump right into it because I feel
like my top ten Tuesdays get a little
long because your girl is chat hey this
mirror a little higher ladies oh this is
gonna work for us no we don't ever face
this way we always face this way alright
alright alright alright alright so I'm
gonna start with my lip
that I wear almost every single day I
did it in my last video it's the lip
that I wear in like all my most recent
videos and it's just kind of my everyday
go-to lip who powered down a coffee
ready to go I always like to sharpen my
pencils because it's just easier to line
your lips with a sharpened pencil this
is from Mac and this is stripped down
this is basically my everyday lip liner
so I like to should I talk you through
this like because I feel like we've been
here we've done this right okay I'm
gonna talk you through the first one and
then the rest you kind of know what
what's up so I've always really enjoyed
my natural lips there I have like a
little mouth and it's plump and I don't
know I just like my lips but we can
always enhance them a little more so
that's why I like to over line very
slightly I've said this a million times
when over lining your lips if you're
over lining you're going to want to over
line these areas here and then bring
everything to the corners to your
natural lip line okay I'm always it G
girl my mom told me that she thinks I
should get an inhaler since I'm allergic
to the cats but I don't know does that
excessive alright somebody who's a
little mirror cuz it's easy so I like to
kind of I kind of create a shadow under
here under my lip like I create a little
bit of shadow here some people contour
under there I just did with the lip
liner and then I just follow my natural
shape up to my corner you ever drink our
coffee and then try to hold something
and then I pull the lip liner up let me
zoom in a little I always like to start
with this side I don't know I so here's
that by a natural lip of the sieve you
can see how much overlying so as you can
see I am completely outside of my
natural lip line here and then I'm gonna
draw out so probably about here and then
bring it in try to keep it really round
you can see how
that lip is right so one side is always
much easier for me to do than the other
and then you see there's like a little
point like where your pupil is I like to
make this more straight like that and
then it's a two color combo situation
this one you can do just creme de nude
alone this is a cream Sheen so it gives
like a glossy look to the lips this is
our blend and then a little tap Ã¤j-- so
this could totally be a lip combo on its
own just stripped down and creme de nude
I really like it but if you watched my
most recent video I've been saying that
like as of lately I have been adding
this guy to it which is called my Tweety
and it's a power kiss and it's like more
of like a orangie tone nude but for some
reason I really just love it on top of
the creme de nude it just kind of tones
down the brightness of the nude but it's
still bright because that base is under
there and then you have this combo which
you could totally wear on its own or
because I'm a gloss girl I'm gonna top
this off with the Revlon this is like a
sheer sparkly gloss and this is in the
shade snowy pink even though it's a more
like to me oranjee tone nude then like
pink and we're just gonna add this and
then this is my everyday lip combo I
said it in my one video that it might be
a lot but I enjoy wearing makeup
especially if I don't have a lot of
other makeup on I really like a good
juicy plump overlying lip mmm okay so
there might be lip liner and stuff left
over from each one but I'm not trying to
take like all my makeup Groucho we could
sell see a little lip liner so we're
first gonna start off with a sore lip
liner for Mac which is a more pink and
I'm just gonna do the same exact thing I
always like to bring it up like or I
feel like the fattest part of my lip is
let's drink a whole cup of coffee and
then do lip liner hmm
for lipstick this is really neat this is
a matte lipstick and it's like on the
pinky purple side but
you know I never wear like one lipstick
alone so we're just gonna add this and
then I'm gonna use a little brush to
kind of help it along sometimes I don't
need to use a brush that can just blend
nicely on their own but like usually a
matte lipstick I usually got to help it
along the way
and then I like to add the Nicki Minaj
the pinkprint lipstick to it as well to
brighten it give it a little tap with my
finger to blend it even more and then to
top it off this is kind of where like if
you feel like it looks a little like not
blended I feel like when you put a gloss
on it it really helps everything blend
itself out and it is like a pink tone
but it's like more on the sheer side
which I like
sometimes I go between these two like if
I want it to be like if I feel like my
lips too dark I'll always reach for like
the lighter one but I feel like if my
lip combo is like good that day I also
really like this dolly one from dose of
colors it has a little color to it as
well which is nice and then here is our
pink lip I don't really reach for a pink
lip as much as I used to in Clips used
to be like the only thing that I would
wear I'm sure I'll get back there I've
just been more stuck on like that peachy
nudie vibe and a brown lip like I love a
brown lip a pink lip is nice especially
in the summertime springtime it's just
like is really girly and you can't go
wrong right my lips are already like all
over me I sleep with a family blowing
directly in my face every night which is
probably like horrible but I can't sleep
if it's not and my lips just pay for it
like every night the lip liner we're
using is from Make Up For Ever and it is
in the shade limitless Brown these
artist pencils are from makeup forever
you can use in your waterline on your
lash line you can use them for like an
eyeshadow base or obviously as a lip
liner I like that they're like
multifaceted this is a very true Brown
which I like also with the darker lip
liner I find that I have to work a
little harder so I like to give this guy
just a little blend before hand make it
easy on yourself just kind of pull it
down and then up on the bottom lip it
just makes it easier for you in the end
I already like this lip on its own but
I love it with nude one from k'kaw now
when I first put it on and everything is
going to look crazy because it's
literally like nude brown nude brown so
I'm just gonna dab this guy in start
blending it's also very creamy which is
nice I'm gonna go back with this little
guy and start doing the same thing and
then Daniel a I'm gonna go back with my
lip liner put the bottle here and then
blend that up and then do the same thing
at the top and then blend that in I just
love it I feel so 1994 in this and I
just love it
that is also a combo on its own so these
two I definitely wear solo dolo but then
you know I like to get a little extra
for some reason I can't wear just one
lipstick so I'm gonna use a little bit
of Maybelline's 535 here in the middle
and it's a little more matte just add
that to the mix then you can always go
in with a finger cuz I feel are nothing
blends like this like your finger does
mmm the gloss for this lip I like to use
socialite which is a more new tone now
this does have color in it so just know
that if you're using anything that's not
sure your toned obviously you're gonna
change how it looks like this so if you
like it like this then use a sheer gloss
but if you want to add another dimension
to it use a gloss that has some pigment
to it which this guy does I don't know
why I love a brown lip liner do not ask
me why I just love it
okay bye lip bye my little lives as we
doing guys so we're gonna go in with a
whirl lip liner which is a little more
on the purpley mobby side than the pink
side but it does look similar to soar
sometimes if I'm too close to something
I can't really see what's going on so I
have to be like what's happening but I
think we're okay
the lip shade we're going to use this
guy from dose of colors which is in the
shade warm and fuzzy this is a liquid
lip but I find the dose of colors liquid
lips to be SuperDuper comfortable and
we're gonna just apply this it's kind of
the same tone happening it's just a
little brighter in the mix I like to add
blush which is also from dose of colors
too they kind of dry quickly you can
tell and then that's when I add this guy
to the X and then I like to blend with
my finger with a liquid lip because
sometimes I feel like the brush can pull
it off I'm sorry our edges are just just
the redness peeking through this making
it look like a little sloppy but it's
just going to taking our lip off so many
times on this top I go between two
combos so I also do the dose of colors
dolly which gives it like um even more
pink vibe or I'd use the clear from
Kylie cosmetics it has like it is clear
because yeah I like cheese brown lips
too but this is what you add if you
don't want to add like any other color
to it it changed the color a little bit
cuz I had brown on there but we're also
gonna add dolly to the mix as well the
good thing about this one is since it is
a liquid lip underneath even if the
gloss wears off your lip is still gonna
kind of be there which is nice meliss
can't take no well and then for our last
lift this is going to be like a brownie
lip too it's just not gonna be as like
an intense of a brownie lip as our first
one was so we're gonna start with moon
from Kylie cosmetics which is a really
nice lip liner as well it is more on the
creamy side of a lip liner but I think
that it's still like a dry enough that
it's easy to work with some lip liners
like I said I just find that I can't
like get like a good grasp on them it's
too slippery for you girl so with this
guy I also like to just give it like a
little blend beforehand and then I like
to go in with blankety which is kind of
a nude but it's kind of a brown as well
blankety is an amplified lipstick so it
is super creamy and really pigmented and
just easy to work with and then to top
this guy off I like to use a rockin it
from dose of color this is from like
their does
micki collab this guy is like a more
muted nude but it's like a more muted
brown nude like it's still brown but
it's like new right right so those are
my top 5 lip combos those are just ones
that I have used time and time again
lips are like one of my favorite things
so I just like love experimenting and
mixing lipsticks with lip liners and
lipsticks with lipsticks and lipsticks
with lip gloss and glosses and glosses
and just like anything that I can mix
together I like to do it most of time
people are like oh what do you have on
your lips and I'm like uh you might want
to write this down
sometimes I'll actually put on like five
different lipsticks and I'm just like
why I just think it's fun to come up
with like your own like lip combo
situations I would love to know some of
your favorite lip combos if you want to
leave them down in the comment sections
maybe other people can pick up on your
tricks as well that is it for me I hope
you guys enjoyed this top ten Tuesday
even though it was like top 5 every lip
combos but like thirty several different
lip products I have a bunch of things to
do because we leave for India on Monday
in the UH on Monday girl that's gonna be
a long flight so I have a bunch of
things to do so that is it for me I
don't have anything else to tell you
guys except I love you and I will see
you super soon in a new video bye guys
