hello and welcome back to my channel
today I'm gonna show you guys how to get
a natural S wave to your hair I get this
question all the time if I'm wearing
hair extensions and the answer is yes
I'm always wearing hair extensions
because I have fine hair the best part
about these things is like you can never
tell where they are here's my extension
right here it's like one big piece
that's sewed in all the way around my
head so because it goes almost like the
full circumference of your head it gives
like a very natural appearance like
there's not like a lot of separation in
your hair my favorite thing about the
extension is how they dried the texture
of the hair I can see that this hair has
like a natural like wave to it when I
take the time to do it it comes out
really cute no products needed but like
this is like three day old hair so we're
gonna just kind of jazz this up and make
it look cuter so I had my hair like this
in my last video where it was super wavy
and for that I just used this guy right
here I'm pretty sure that I got this one
from Amazon but you can find three
barrel curler three barrel waivers
basically anywhere Target Walmart CBS I
really like this one because it's like
an actual barrel so I to me it gives
like a more natural wave than some
waivers dukes so some waivers to me they
kind of look like a little crib fish
just to start I'm just gonna spray it
with a little bit of heat protectant
[Music]
around my natural hair and then I'm just
going to separate it I'm gonna put the
top hat up first
I leave way more on the bottom than the
top I don't know why but I do this is
honestly one of the easiest hair tools
to use besides a strainer I always do it
with the bottom thing down might take a
little extra time depending like on how
thick your hair is so just give it like
a little sec in there and then I kind of
push it up like that so it's kind of
like cooling in that position but you
you honestly don't need to do that you
could go through so fast with this thing
depending on like if you want like a
super defined wave or if you just want
like a light bend to the hair this is
really great sometimes I just go through
really fast
with this and just give it like a nice
little wave when you first look I always
feel like the first piece I'm just like
excuse me
but it'll look something like this just
a nice little wave toss them to the back
and then just be on your way I can get
through doing this probably in like 15
minutes
if I'm not like speaking to anyone or
being distracted by the housewives but I
can get through this pretty fast and I
just like that it looks natural so I'm
just gonna keep waving all of this watch
them housewives let me do this
[Music]
so then here's what it looks like after
you wave your hair you can totally leave
it like this or you can go through and
maybe smooth out some pieces if you feel
like some of them are a little too wavy
like around your face I personally like
to go through and brush it you can use a
pic you can use a wide tooth comb I'm
gonna use a detangler brush because it's
going to not pull so hard on the hair
just because I like more like I like big
here I like it fluffy I like it big so
I'm just gonna gently go through and
brush this and then this way I can see
if I need to wave any more pieces but I
like it like this just because it looks
like a little like fluffy right now the
waves kind of come back so that's why I
like to just go through and brush it
because they will kind of form with each
other again and I just like this puff
over this right here give it a gentle
brush if you can if your hair's not as
naughty as my
[Music]
do you put a little flu usually this
hair gets tucked back my ear so read
from straight from waving again if you
want a more smooth appearance you don't
have to brush your hair out and you can
also hit it with a straightener
beforehand but I just think it looks
more natural when there's like a little
frizz a little texture to it that's just
personally my style of hair it's a
little a little messy so this is all
that I do to kind of achieve this
natural esque wave I just like doing
this on like my second third day hair
because it just gives me a little more
time tour my hair actually still kind of
looks cute before I have to wash it
again and always dry shampoo is your BFF
if you only wash your hair once a week
like I do so I will link this guy down
below for you guys again it's from
Amazon but you can find these things
anywhere and yeah if ever you see my
hair looking like this 90% chance that
I've used the waver on it the other 10%
is I actually took my time and scrunched
my hair and did it lay on it so most of
the time it's the lever I'm gonna try to
be back next Tuesday with the top ten
Tuesday I just couldn't think of
anything that I wanted to talk about
today so I was like let me wave my hair
so that is it for me I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in a new video bye guys
