[Music]
that would have been a great way to
start it out right he's revving it up
he's ready to go y'all ready to go I'm
excited so we almost thought the car
wasn't gonna start on the road for about
an hour
what do you say now it happens for a
drive yeah and we're both starving we
really didn't eat that much yesterday I
mean we have like some funky plain food
and that Marriot food I swear it tastes
it like fish food like the flaky fish
sauce dust does what I don't know it was
just not I think I had like six french
fries and a piece of lava cake so we're
gonna go to this little it's called
nations but uh they had breakfast so
Stata McDonald's yeah nice little
breakfast meal so we're gonna stop get
some food
get back on the road
[Applause]
[Applause]
six years giant hamburger
I do a grande cafe mocha with almond
milk and no whip and then can I also do
a grande pumpkin cream cold brew quick
little coffee stop it still says with
two hours away what are we not going
anywhere what's happening subscriber in
here waiting to get the coffee I think
she's gonna come out here and get a
picture
hey he's still here
you've got the pumpkin cream cool group
I'll try it out for you I think it said
you take us up
zips up I feel like I was like a pumpkin
II after teeth first you can't check
into our hotel Atelier 4 or so but we
just had this like cute little lookout
spot of this lake so we're gonna check
it out maybe enjoy some coffee
he was almost peeled off the damn road
to get into this roundabout
[Music]
arrested talking about bring back some
pinecones from the redwoods I'm like
that's that's a felony illegal activity
we are law-abiding citizen oh we got
like wait up here arrows like this is
narrow brah
don't gray beeps God there's nobody
behind us guys look at the people up
there
why did say no 70 the other way
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
made it so I got 24 miles into our
destination but we're about to pull in
it's the actual park itself also I
forgot to bring a brush on this trip
science for all the windows down
probably not the best idea
[Music]
they're so high this is so cool
you said he couldn't even look he was
getting nervous but the mountain like
again none of these videos or pictures
or anything are doing these justice like
I literally feel like I'm this big right
now like this rock mountain beautiful
thing in front of us is insane not doing
addresses your girls this big right now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we're heading up to our lodge so we were
like up here by a tunnel view where we
could see like El Capitan and Half Dome
so we're going all the way down here to
fish camp our Lodge is right outside the
entrance how long do we got 45 minutes
though and a little store that didn't
have 4,000 people so sleepy beads are so
sleepy he said the roads are super
hypnotizing tired do I need this need
this
I wonder if they have any attaches or
pins or anything
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
around 6:45
we are gonna go grab some breakfast at
the lodge and then get out into the park
try to get out in there early we are an
hour away carps
I came to my face if we're being honest
it is cold my face
[Music]
[Music]
what happened doesn't know how to tie
your shoes my needles don't like a
double like in this day
[Music]
and it's the boobs fall right Bebe's
found it
[Music]
[Applause]
sounds like Halloween Horror Nights
[Applause]
we'll see you guys at the fall so I'll
put this in the backpack because this
guy is more people moderate so you can
hear me I'm not a breath already but
there's a lot of like up and a lot of
stairs so we will see you guys at the
top so we kind of made it we have I
don't know 500 more stairs
[Applause]
Oh
- but up there
[Applause]
come on
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
Buse
a mile and a half in and out hopefully
[Music]
no luck on the swinging bridge
I don't know we pulled off on the spot
that said swinging bridge we've been
walking for at least a mile right yeah
and the whole thing with a mile and a
half in and out so we're gonna go so we
are going to head back up to the valley
village get some waters and some
stickies and then we're gonna go up to
yeah
three steps have we taken nineteen
thousand 72 almost ten miles we walked
today
[Applause]
taking a little hike up
[Music]
[Music]
tired you saw people on top of Half Dome
you're like big you've been with the
binoculars Wow
why we'll see you guys probably back at
the lodge
[Music]
I mean we are checking out of our Lodge
currently because we're gonna have to
convince this boat to that I'm filming
but we're gonna go check out the giant
sequoias like at the Mariposa Grove
again it's like an hour and a half to
get in there so I think it's around
10:00 we got a late start today because
 your girl is tired so we're gonna
go hit these sequoias and then make our
way to San Francisco
later today little dick today we all
took the shuttle up to me across the
road cuz the planer was about like a six
minute drive it brings you right to the
top some of these trees are like three
toes
yeah like I don't know million degrees
hotter that was yesterday
Capriati to cool somebody you were
beautiful we're more beautiful yesterday
and today it's a little hot today but we
gotta go move on going to San Fran first
of all I've never had a whopper in my
whole life so I guess I'll try this
impossible I like it impossible burger
better than beyond burger so let's see
this only has ketchup on it
almost gave me a regular burger
so after what feels like forever in the
car we made it to San Francisco we got
to our hotel we have this big amazing
balcony up here and I think that I'm
getting sick like my throw sir excuse me
we're vlogging my throat has been
scratchy the entire time random queer in
the car there's a Walgreens right vilela
so I think we're gonna go down there and
get something probably special it's my
order room service cause we have a full
day tomorrow
you see what I mean I'm gonna go down
get some medicine I don't know if I'll
see you guys tonight I'm just gonna rest
and not do anything be high up here but
it's a really nice view I think the
coolest thing I saw so far was those
little cable cars oh there's someone
getting on it right all right sir
[Music]
here's no reason
nope that man right there singing you go
sir
that's better gonna make me did some
like a car sightseeing maybe jump out
get some pictures that like The Painted
Ladies but we're not going to do a lot
of walking today because my feet hurt
not from the boots just room to hell
Milwaukee I thought it was gonna be like
more on the chilly side today but it's
actually
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
here
