hello and welcome back to my channel so
today is going to be a top ten Tuesday
but on a Thursday or Friday I'm not sure
what day it actually is that you guys
are watching this but I originally
filmed this top ten Tuesday on its
Tuesday like it's supposed to be filmed
but I just wasn't liking how my hair was
looking in the video it'll insert a clip
here exactly so here we are again today
it's Thursday we are filming and today
is going it to be my top 10 picks from
Amazon a lot of you guys recommended me
to do this video when I was talking
about these barrettes the other day and
you guys were like show us what your
favorite things are from Amazon and I
was like yes yes I will so I tried to
narrow down my top 10 picks as honestly
I just shot way too much on Amazon it's
just too easy for an introverted person
like me to never leave the house but I
think these are some good I mean some of
them recognize some of them are gonna be
kind of random I'm gonna be like what
why are we talking about this but I
figured you know I get questions about
most of these things I'm gonna show you
guys so hopefully you're into one but
Before we jump in I quickly want to
mention my audible pick of the month
if you guys don't know which if you
watch my videos you do know I had been
partnered with audible for a really
really long time now audible is an app
where you can listen to audiobooks I
love books books are my number one love
they are my first love I should say and
just listening to an audiobook really
kind of sends me out so if you guys want
to start a 30-day free trial to audible
all you have to do is go to audible.com
slash Nicol or you can text Nicole to
five hundred five hundred and it's the
same exact thing audible has an
unbeatable selection of books whether
you want to listen to a best-seller a
mystery a self-motivation whatever your
little heart desires it is there
currently I am yeah ma'am ma'am
currently I'm listening to take control
of your life by Mel Robbins which is an
audible original so you can only find it
on the audible app somebody's DM to me
and asked me if I had listened to the
book and I was intrigued so I went and
looked at it had really good reviews and
I used to always only listen to self
motivational books on audible but as of
recently I try to listen it's like more
fiction like crazy rich Asians and like
all that jazz but I really like this
book because it's different in my
opinion than most self motivational
books because the lady is actually
coaching people so each chapter is like
a different coaching session it's a
pretty long book I'm still only on Dan
but so far so good I'm over two hours
into the book though the coaching
session that I'm currently listening to
is Dan and it's all about the fear of
not having enough time in the day to get
things done like time is moving too
quickly but if you're constantly
thinking that time is moving too quickly
time is actually moving faster than it
really is going so it's all about just
like controlling your thoughts which
again is basically what like all self
motivational books are about but I'm
really into this one because like I said
I like the idea of the coaching sessions
in each chapter so if you guys want to
check this book out you can go to
audible.com slash Nicol again anything
you want is there if you don't like a
book you can return it and your book is
there forever okay so my real first pick
not thought about mention but my real
first pick is going it to be these
little acrylic barrettes now I just have
them in here let me stop talking for a
second because they're really loud when
I first put them up they were like 14 or
15 dot 95 for 18 barrettes and since
then they've completely sold out and
they raise the price up to $20 and I was
like rude you can just type into the
Amazon search bar acrylic barrettes and
you will find a bunch like they honestly
have so many and the reason that I
wanted to try out some of these acrylic
barrettes is because they're on every
single online website that I shop at but
it's like two barrettes for like 16
dollars I'm like I'm not paying sixteen
dollars for two barrettes so I went
Amazon searched you get a better deal
you can just basically search Google to
like I know this is videos about Amazon
but a lot of you were telling me about
like different websites where you can
find them a lot cheaper and I was a
little skeptical at first because I
thought maybe like the picture was
deceiving and I wasn't gonna get like
really good barrettes
but honestly they're built really well
like they feel high-quality and they
hold your hair back really really well
like when I was younger I used to wear
barrettes and I remember that they were
just like slide off
my hair no girl these have like little
gorilla grips so they really hold your
hair back which is nice to just kind of
clip it back and not have to worry about
it
SuperDuper into these I think there's
gonna be really cute for summer they're
also really cute if you have your hair
up and you like put them in the back so
there's a lot of different ways that you
can wear these barrettes I'm just
wearing this one in my hair to kind of
hold that guy off my face this guy never
bothers me but this guy always feels
like I don't know why but I cannot drink
if I'm not drinking out of a straw and I
know people and like you're gonna get
wrinkles around your lips and you
shouldn't drink from straws I think it's
because before I got my teeth done that
I just had sensitive teeth and I liked
to drink from a straw because you would
just bypass you know your teeth and it
wouldn't hurt and now I'm just kind of
addicted to drinking from straws I
honestly drink everything from a straw I
even have like a portable straw that I
carry around of me when you go out to
restaurants because a lot of restaurants
don't do plastic straws anymore unless
you ask I honestly just can't be without
a straw so these guys are reusable you
can get a bunch of different versions on
Amazon I like the sparkly ones better
like the ones I have glitter like this
guy I just think that they're a little
more well-made than these guys here and
they also come with like a little pipe
cleaner so that you can clean your
straws which is a lot of I get that
question a lot is like how do you clean
your straw and every single one I've
ever ordered has always come with like a
little pipe cleaner to really get in
there and make sure there's no like you
know coffee or anything left behind
I can't drink from a metal straw because
it like clinks my teeth and that's that
[ __ ] I don't like and also I feel like a
metal straw was just like so slippery
like when I drink from it like slips out
of my mouth and I just like spit coffee
on myself and that's not cute either
they have silicone straws which for me I
don't mind drinking from them but most
the time I'm just drinking water or
coffee and my coffee I need to stir and
I can't stir with a silicone straw
because it's just too soft they also
have glass straws which I have not tried
yet I just used these little reusable
guys I like to talk so loud when I talk
to the camera hey so this next little
guy is a traveling jewelry case I love
this one because it's so small I have
different sized ones that are a little
bit bigger than this but I just find
that I reach for this guy most out of
any of them because I don't usually the
only thing that I'm taking with me when
I'm traveling is rain
and I like the fact that it has so many
little compartments for your rings
obviously you can put them over here
these are for like little stud earrings
I usually only take one pair of earrings
with me when I travel which are those
like big chunky gold hoops that I wear
because I misplace things easily and I'm
not trying to leave stuff places so
that's why I like this little ring
holder because I feel like I know all of
them are in there I also keep my SD
cards in here when I travel here's where
I put my big hoops because they're so
big so I just kind of stick them up in
here it keeps everything nice and secure
and I'm pretty sure these little top
parts are for necklaces like you can
string a little necklace in there but
the only necklace that I really wear is
this a Nicole one and she stays on they
come in all different colors but pink is
my favorite so next is this massage gun
all over my Instagram was a gun called
the fair gun and that massage gun was
like six hundred dollars and when I saw
the price I was like oh six hundred
dollars no no no ma'am this guy was
around two hundred dollars which is
still pretty pricey for a massage gun
but it's way cheaper than the six
hundred dollar gun that was always
stalking me on my Instagram so the
reason that I got this guy is when I
first got my ear piercings I I still
sleep on a neck pillow don't get me
wrong but it really used to mess with my
neck when I originally started sleeping
on it and I had like the worst cranked
neck ever one day when I woke up and
Jeremy was actually in Vegas so I was
like what the I couldn't even move I was
just like I look like a robot I couldn't
move I couldn't turn my neck it was so
painful and I went on Amazon and I typed
in thier gun this guy popped up and it
was like one-day shipping so I was like
you know what I'm in pain I need it as
soon as I got here I use it and it is
the best thing that I've ever ever
ordered I always use this little ball
tip thing but it does come with like
other attachments if you want to go down
your spine and you don't want to like
hit your spine or anything crazy like
that
it also has multiple speeds I can only
handle it on one because it is pretty
intense but I always oh I've never seen
what it actually looked like
it really helped like it saved my life
Jeremy uses it every single day like
after he works out he uses it it's
really good on your glutes if your
glutes are sore if your hamstrings are
stor if your calves are sore if you have
any kind of storm muscle after working
out this guy will be your lifesaver
because it shakes everything up and it
just I don't know it just heals your
frickin body I personally can't really
handle it on my butt cheeks or on my
hamstrings cuz I just think it feels
super intense but Jeremy cranks this
thing up to 3:00 and goes to town and
I'm just like I can't handle that
unfortunately if they did raise the
price on this guy as well and now I
think it's around like 350 which is
still expensive but it's way cheaper
than the actual ther guy
my next pick from Amazon is this ice
roller this ice roller is originally for
like strengthening the collagen fibers
in your face kind of helping the
circulation and firming skin but I have
really really really bad allergies and I
get the worst itchiest eyes ever like I
can't even function when I get the itchy
eye situation going and this is the only
thing that helps relieve the itch
because it's super cold it's so soothing
on your eyes so as soon as I feel the
itch go I'm out I'm in the kitchen I'm
in the freezer and I'm just like rolling
this gently over my eyes and it really
really really really really really helps
I have ice packs I've tried to use over
the years and I just feel like because
I'm like rolling and doing like a little
bit of movement that it's just helping
my eyes even more also if I have a
really intense headache if you got if
you roll this on the temples it is
really soothing and really kind of
relaxes you and makes you forget that
you've got like a super intense headache
but originally this thing is made for
rolling all over your entire face
obviously I'm not going to roll my face
because I am beat and this thing is
currently soaking with because it's just
been sitting under these hot lights but
lifesaver for me cannot live without
this thing they do have like different
versions so you don't have to get one
that's so big but I've just found that
this one works the best for like this
whole area here if you are using the eye
roller just remember that you're always
gonna want to roll up on your face never
down as with anything don't pull down on
your skin always push up on it next is
this little survival kit
that I keep in the back of my car
because you just you never know right
it's better to be safe than sorry this
is a really good thing to have in the
car there's like a Swiss Army knife in
here there's every single kind of
bandage you can imagine there's I'll
list everything like here it's like
rolling up the screen everything that
comes in this little survival kit and
like I said I just thought it was a good
thing
are these tweezers like what is this
like what like if you have like a
splinter or something you can pull it
out so I always keep one of these in the
back of my car just in case there's
q-tips there's tape there's a whistle
there's a compass there's just other
scissors cause literally everything this
is just nice to have in the car gives
you like peace of mind god forbid
anything happened I'm ready are you
ready cuz I'm ready here go Devon man
here really quickly is this three barrel
waiver I use this in my last video
that's how I got these waves today I
love this guy it's really inexpensive
from Amazon I will link the video down
below that I did so if you guys want to
see it in action and just know a little
more about it it'll be down below but
the thing that I like most about this
barrel waiver is the fact that these are
actual barrels and not just like a
little I don't even know how to explain
that I guess they look like little
triangles or so but that's why I like
this guy so much is because it actually
has barrels and in my opinion the
barrels give a more realistic looking
wave to the hair so again I will link
the video in the bottom if you guys want
to see this bad boy in action okay so
this is gonna be a top 9 I just realized
we got we got nine things to talk about
why I guess I guess if you count the
audible one it's 10 but we're just gonna
say 9 but these last two are the best
things that I've ever purchased from
Amazon especially if you want to take
your own pictures because sometimes not
everybody has someone there to take a
photo of them and sometimes you look
really cute and you're like what am I
supposed to do just waste this outfit no
ma'am no ma'am you're not first one is
this little iPhone tripod holder this is
also really good if you want to do like
lives or if you just want to film
yourself on your phone because you can
set it up get your camera sister waited
it's honestly the best thing ever you
don't have to buy the full tripod they
do just have like phone attachments if
that's easier for you guys but I
honestly think this guy was like seven
dollars so I was like just give me the
whole thing
it isn't a full body tripod either so I
mean maybe if you're like on the shorter
side it is but if you're like a five
nine girl like me this is not this is
not a full body tripod it's okay for me
because personally when I take my own
pictures I like to take them sitting
down because I just think they look I
don't know cuter than like just standing
there like awkwardly with your tripod
absolutely love this thing is one of the
best things I've ever purchased I don't
know why it took me so long to get this
little child but as of recently all the
pictures on my Instagram were taken by
your girl and any picture that you've
ever seen of me and Jeremy on our
Instagram or on my Instagram is taken by
me as well and for that all you got to
do is get this little teeny tiny guy
right here which is just a little remote
control it is the easiest thing ever you
just turn it on and it automatically
connects to your Bluetooth and you can
use it for either Android or iOS which
is really nice and you can disguise it
easily in your hand if you're taking
your own pictures for your Instagram or
whatever and it's super duper small or
you can also turn the self timer on your
phone click it and then put it down and
then you have both hands-free to do
whatever it is you want to do I think
out of everything I've ever bought from
Amazon this little guy is my favorite
thing ever it's just super duper easy
you can use your camera either on the
front-facing selfie or you can get like
a better quality picture if you use the
back I always use the front and it still
comes out really good in my opinion I
just use the front camera because you
can adjust more since you are taking the
pictures by yourself you can kind of see
how you look you can see what's working
you will get a better quality picture if
you you know flip and use the back but
you just got to kind of take a few test
shots see how it is run back check it
and for me that just that just takes a
lot of time like we used to do that when
me and Jeremy's to take our pictures
together we just used to use the
self-timer and I would run hit the self
timer run backs it
try to pose and it was just like really
hard so get a remote that will save your
life and then you can always take cute
pictures with your boo with your cat
with your dog with your pig whatever you
that you can take your own really cute
pictures with this little cute timer
right here we are taking pictures you
can be anywhere like this thing is all
the way behind my back and we're still
taking pictures and then like I said you
can turn on yourself timer 3 seconds 10
seconds whatever we'll just do 3 you hit
it and then you get 3 2 1 and both of
your hands are free on Amazon is taking
over the world which is bad but it's
also good because I don't really like a
lot of human interaction but it's still
bad because they're just taking over the
world but these are my top 10 favorite
pigs currently that is it for me
is that it for me that is now it for me
I love you guys I don't have anything
else to tell you except I love you and I
will see you super soon in another video
bye guys
