[Music]
hello and welcome back we are on to our
purple punch rainbow vase so to start
this look off I was originally gonna
paint myself purple of course but then I
remembered that I wanted to cover my
brows for this look so to do that I'm
just going to use some Elmer's glue the
glue stick and I could have found my
actual spatula so I just tried to find
anything that was flat that I could push
down my brow with because that's the
main point of covering your brows you're
trying to get them as flat as you
possibly can
by all means necessary so after I have
my brows flattened I'm going to put a
little bit of translucent powder over
them with a sponge to really lock in the
brows the way that I can tell if my brow
is fully covered and covered good is
just by running my fingers over them and
if I can't feel any hairs then we're
good to go if I can feel some hairs then
I'm probably gonna take it off and start
all over again so I was good this time I
didn't feel any hair but now that we
have our brows covered I'm actually
going to use a purple cream paint
instead I'm gonna mix up the blue the
red and the white from this palette on
the back of the lid here and the reason
I'm using a cream paint over my brows is
because my paint is water activated and
the glue washes off with water so I've
tried it before and I just can't get a
water activated paint over my brows
without messing up all the work that I
put into covering them so I'm just going
to take that custom green paint purple
color and put that all over my body
until we get to the neck and then I'm
gonna put some water actually faded
paint on it but then I'm gonna go over
it again with the cream pain just to
kind of even everything out because
sometimes the water activated paint can
look a little bit streaky and I just
like putting the cream over it to help
again even it out I feel like I've been
talking forever
[Music]
at this point here I felt like violet
from Willy Wonka going in with the pinky
rose cosmetics exotic peacock palette
we're gonna take this matte purple shade
which I believe is called a lustful and
we're gonna start placing that into the
crease as always I don't really know
what I'm attempting to do when I started
these looks off so I was thinking I was
gonna do like I don't know just like a
corner shadow but it definitely took a
turn so I'm just working that matte
purple shade into this crease to start
it off and then we'll see where it goes
we'll see
[Music]
you see what I mean I had no intentions
of cutting my crease but here we are
cutting the crease I'm using the P Luiz
white base I think it's called a rumor
and I'm gonna do like a winged eye look
apparently that's what I thought that
day and over top I'm gonna place which I
thought it was gonna be more purpley
from this Venus 2 palette but as you can
see it looks really pink so I'm gonna go
in with I'm it's a BH Cosmetics palette
something take me back to Brazil or
something like that just to kind of
darken up the lid and give it more of a
purple vibe than the pink vibe that you
see I'm saying that palette I'm gonna
put some dark purple on top just to keep
it in tune with what's going on next we
are going to just darken up that crease
again I'm just using that lustful shade
which is a really really pretty purple
color just kind of intensify since we
went with a cut crease for this rainbow
Bay
[Music]
since she's got purple skin I wanted to
keep her lashes kind of natural so we're
gonna throw on just like a really
natural wispy and then we're gonna put
on some pre-cut lashes just to give it
like a more fuller effect but not have
it like super duper intense lash because
you don't need it she cute
[Music]
to brighten up the face i'm using this
snazaroo white clown face paint it's
basically just cream paint so if you
have that palette you can totally use
that but I use that one mainly to mix
the one that's in the palette so it's
kind of got a lot that other colors in
it and this is just white white and
we're gonna use this to highlight and
add dimension to our face I feel like
this is when the character is like
really starts to come to life is when we
highlight and contour them so set down
underneath the eyes I'm going to use the
Ben Nye Fair powder I kind of like this
one because I was like a little bit of
like pinky tinge to it and it's been
like working good with my little rainbow
Bay characters again we're gonna use
that same matte purple shade to contour
our cheeks and I'm just gonna hit it
naturally where you would contour your
face I'm gonna do my cheekbones my
temples forehead chin obviously I'm just
gonna go a little more heavy-handed
because why not
and I'm sure you guys noticed since the
beginning this rainbow Bay is not going
to have contacts in I did have a pair of
contacts that I had for her but after I
put them in I just didn't like how it
looked I felt like she looked scary and
I felt like she looked sweeter with just
like my natural Isaac I feel like they
could be like a dark ass purple if you
use your imagination so after our blush
is on I'm just using the same brush that
we use to set underneath with the
bentonite powder on it to buff over it
and really blend it in nicely for our
waterline I'm using me makeup forever
artist pencil in versatile violet and
then smoking out the lower lash line
with the matte purple that we've been
using and then that same color that we
popped on to our cheeks which I don't
know the name of but I listed in the
bottom bar it's from the same exotic
peacock palette
moving on I'm going to add a little bit
of glitter to where my brows would be
it's kind of sticky up there already
since we have cream paint on so there's
no need for me to use like any kind of
glitter adhesive I'm not doing a ton I
didn't want her to be like a super
glittery but I did want to add some I
feel like I want to add glitter to each
of them just to make them like
incorporate even more and then I'm going
to add a little bit of glitter to my
chest and then go over it with a powder
brush so it's not like sitting on top of
my skin it looks like it's like
underneath the skin I'm sorry I'm
feeling a little wispy today
[Music]
going back to that versatile violet
artist pencil we're going to use this to
line our lips and we're also going to
fill our lips in with this lip liner and
then take a little bit of that custom
purple cream paint blend that I made pop
that on the lips and then we're going to
highlight with a little bit of white as
well
[Music]
I then always like to go over the lips
one more time with the lip liner just to
make sure they are still defined but
once our lip is on and our wig is locked
down our purple punch a rainbow Bay is
complete so I hope you guys enjoyed I
hope you're liking this series because
for me it's really fun to film and I
will see you guys super soon in a new
video bye guys
[Music]
