well having called stuff it's really
dark in the house today because it's so
rainy outside so I'm trying to set by
this window take a little bit of light
that I see that is shining through so it
is Saturday I'm probably gonna go get a
pedicure today because we go out of town
again on Tuesday because mom is having a
launch party - Carly if you guys don't
know don't ask me why we call each other
mom I'm not sure we just started calling
you - my mom one night probably tequila
was involved and it's just stuff so we
referred to each other his mom so she's
having a launch party on Wednesday so
we're leaving for LA Tuesday and take
the night flight out again be with her
on Wednesday and then we're gonna take
the red-eye home on Thursday but I don't
think we gave home until like five
o'clock in the morning that data Friday
hi girl what's up so yeah I think I'm
gonna go get a pedicure today because
whoo-hoo these dogs are barking I can't
be the only person that hates pedicures
right like I hate pedicures I don't ever
want to go get them I find them
extremely uncomfortable I don't like
people touching my feet I'm super
ticklish and I don't know I just never
find it relaxing and enjoying I'm the
person there looks like squirming all
over the chair I can't get comfortable I
just I don't know why I just hate
pedicures I see other girls there
relaxing looking so calm enjoying them
of ossa
and I'm like sweating uncomfortable and
just like counting down the minutes till
it ends so I'm gonna go torture myself
today and get a pedicure so it's a
[ __ ] coffee time and then I'm
gonna call my mom and tiny and see if
they want to go get a pedicure and
torture themselves with me so I'll see
you guys
a little cat grass
Papa brought that home to you
[Music]
okay so I got a spray tan last night if
I look a little on the weird side um
yeah I went in a new spray tan machine
that I've never gone in before the ones
that I'm used to going in are like burst
the spa or something and I was like used
to the color so I don't I don't know I
can't I can't take it back though I do
what I did we were leaving for LA today
I've already had my coffee I need to go
pack because I didn't I didn't pack last
night but we're literally there for like
only one day so we're leaving tonight I
think we get to LA at like 8:30 or 9:00
and then we have cars then what and then
we have Carly's event tomorrow on
Wednesday for her el maquillaje AB and
then we're gonna take the red-eye home
on Thursday but we won't get home till
like Friday at like 9:00 o'clock in the
morning or 6 o'clock in the morning or
something stupid I don't know how the
party's gonna go you know so I didn't
know if I could leave early on Thursday
so I was like let me take a late flight
out just to be on the safer side of
things so I'm gonna go pack B you just
left to go get a haircut and yeah so I
feel like this is deja vu like we're
just doing the same [ __ ] we just did but
you know you already know what's gonna
happen right cue the montage
[Music]
[Music]
oh my god I can't believe you actually
still have your sneakers on not for a
long baby no I want some fries we're
gonna order some room service a but of
course I think mom's out to dinner with
her mom and her sister so see her a
little bit later but I need some food
I'm a little nauseous I'm a little
hangry and I'm a little cranky so I'll
see you guys a little bit maybe she will
beat him no that's mine
nope that's mine you have this karma you
have this I don't want that how is my
slipper like this hi hi I have to go to
the lobby to let you know what's going
all the way down in the lobby
all right
slippers and we just work on you this
lime mom I took over mom's life her
nails are longer than mine like what is
this so I'm getting ready for moms the
lunch
we've been bullshitting for a little too
long it's like three o'clock now okay
let me [ __ ] get ready
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I've had these shoes on so 6-tier Lord
Jesus help me
so it is Thursday we're gonna take the
red-eye home tonight I'm pretty sure
that's when you guys at like 14 times
but just in case you didn't know we're
gonna take the red-eye home tonight so
we're actually walking back from lunch
because both of us kind of got a little
carsick in the over so we decided to
take the 15 minute walk and just walk
back to the hotel I'm a little breath
Megan black my feet hurt just because
this shoe situation last night so yeah
we got to leave here in like three hours
or so mom's gonna be in the lobby so
probably gonna say my goodbyes to my
mother and then go upstairs
[Music]
you remember last night not the cloud I
was like alright so this battery is
about to die guys we are on our way of
back home our flight is at 10:00 it's
about 7:30 now we're gonna make our way
to the airport it's like 40 minutes away
from here and then it is the red-eye all
the way back to Florida and it's really
chilly I'm jealous of this weather away
so I will see you guys
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
