[Music]
hello and welcome back to my channel
happy halloween mother no I'm just
kidding so this is our first Halloween
look of the year there are no specific
order I just had this guy done first so
this is kind of my interpretation of my
self-portrait
I saw a few pictures on Pinterest I
think they were actual paintings and I
just loved how they looked and I feel
like anybody that does this your look is
gonna be completely different because
it's just like kind of a self expression
situation so I'm gonna use some like
makeup forever flash palette guys
they're like a creamy oily paints and I
will say that they were a little hard to
get off in the shower so just keep that
in mind if you want to do a look like
this also keep in mind that if you do do
a look like this and you actually wear
it out don't touch anybody girl because
you know you're just gonna get paint all
over them you know do what you want to
do but I would recommend not touching
anybody so I'm just gonna free flow and
let it paint let it paint let it paint
so I'm not really gonna talk through
this tutorial it's kind of reminiscent
of my one tutorial I did a few years ago
that was like all colorful but I like
did the whole side black and just kind
of let you guys watch and enjoy because
I mean what can how can I really explain
this like I'm just painting some shapes
on my face not even shapes I'm just
going with it there was a bunch of times
that I looked at myself in the mirror
and I was like what the hell am i doing
but I feel like that's art like you're
like yeah this is a cool idea and then
you start and you're like what am i
doing and then I really really really
loved the finished product I will say
that once I started to put black and
white into it that's when I started to
like it a lot more so I hope you guys
enjoy this look I hope it's relaxing and
yeah the frame is just a gold frame that
I sprayed and then when you see me
painting my hair towards the in I'm just
using a water activated paint and that
came out SuperDuper easy in the shower
and I feel like it really set the whole
look off so I love you guys I cannot
wait for this month and I hope you enjoy
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
