and welcome back to my channel so today
is top ten Tuesday and I thought we
could talk about if I could get maybe we
could have that in the shot my top 10
favorite apps that I use on my phone
some of them are gonna be like photo
editing apps but this is not like a
photo editing video you know we could do
one of those if you want to see them but
I feel like photo editing is like all
about like your personal aesthetic what
you got going on so I feel like you know
you just got to like find that I mean I
can do a video and show you how I edit
my photos if you want to see that but
again I just feel like it's like
everyone's personal preference a few of
the apps that I am going to mention are
for editing just because they are ones
that I use a lot of the time it is a
dark and a gloomy day like it feels like
it's 10:00 p.m. outside I suppose have
like a really bad rainstorm today - oh
no no also I filmed this yellow look
yesterday like the exact makeup that I'm
wearing right now but my mic went out
kind of towards when I was like doing my
blush do you guys want to see this
yellow look cuz I feel like it's just
super simple like I literally have on
one eyeshadow and it's yellow so I'm
gonna turn my screen record on so that
you guys can see what we not not the
flashlights see what we're doing and
yeah let's just jump in to my top 10
favorite apps the first app is gonna be
unfold unfold is really great for
Instagram stories you can totally use
unfold to edit your pictures and put
them on like your grid but I mainly use
them for IG story so you have to start a
story title which I never do I just put
like a letter and then they have like a
bunch of different little things at the
bottom and if you want to see how it
looks this is just how like you can get
your stories to look like you have like
a polaroid on your story or the ones
that I use that look like film strips
hold on I'll show you the film strip
wine which is ff1 like I use the sky a
lot and what I like about it is I like
you don't so like you can put your photo
in and
arrange it how you like and also if you
add a video in here and your video is
kind of short you can loop it so like if
you have like a three-second video you
can make it like a 15-second video so
you can like add music to it but there's
lots of different like little what would
these be called like borders or
something I don't I don't know what they
would called
some of them you do have to pay for but
they're like 99 cents like this one a
lot of people use like this guy that's
got like the old school like I don't
know what it's called but you see it you
see it on the screen right that's what
I'm talking about like a lot of people
like to use that one but yeah they have
tons of different little things that you
can put three pictures in this guy and
have like a really cute little story
happening this is the one that I like to
use when I have like a new video this is
the one that I always use because I the
video fits in it like really cute so I
always use this Polaroid one here the
next one that I use is Snapseed oh we
already have a picture in here okay
that's fine I took this picture
yesterday and you can see like I did add
a little bit of editing to it so I only
use Snapseed for mainly two things even
though you can do a ton in this app I
mainly use it for the tune image and
what I like to do is use the ambience
and when you turn the ambience up like
it adds like a lot of warmth to your
photo but I don't know I just think it
makes it look so much better than it
actually is so I turn the ambience up
and then I like to also turn the shadows
down and then if it's a little warm I'll
kind of adjust the warmth on it just a
little bit so it's not like super orange
but you can do like I said so many
things in this app like look at all that
[ __ ] to mess with but yea Snapseed is an
app that I'm using all the time mainly
for turning up the ambience I just think
that it adds it makes your iPhone photos
just look a lot better and most of the
photos that you see on my Instagram are
iPhone photos because it's just easier
to carry your phone around with you than
carrying around a big-ass camera so I
feel like when you crank that Amba
up it really makes like an iPhone photo
look a lot better than it is another one
that I love is retouch well touch
retouch so I use touch retouch if I have
like a random something in the
background you can use it to take stuff
out of the background all right I'm just
gonna use this easy one so you guys can
just see so here's a picture of me and
Biebs at the skating rink it was
someone's birthday party but you see
those two cups right there like say you
don't want those cups there you can take
object removal and then you can just
color over these cups all right and then
hit go and boom
no more cups in your shot like let's get
these cups out of here too so we're
gonna get rid of this cup you gotta go
back up and then this cup go and let's
see if we can get rid of this cup back
here and go boom before with all the
cups sometimes if you like take like a
really cool pic they'll be like a little
person in the background not like a
little person but like you know someone
like in the background of your shot you
can use object removal to get rid of
them and it looks like you're just like
in the scene all by yourself when really
you're not so if ever you see a picture
and it looks like how did you get this
with like no one in the background
I'm object removing things there are a
few tools on this one which is object
remover quick repair line removal and
clone stamp the really one that I only
focus on is object removal and sometimes
I'll use the line rule as well if
there's like a court or something in the
background I don't like it like you can
basically get rid of anything you want
you just have to be like really precise
you know you just like take your time
zoom in as much as you can and only try
to get that object like otherwise it's
gonna like pull other stuff from the
background it's gonna look a little
crazy it is used best when you only have
to use it for like something small so
like I've tried to take out the patio
set in the background of the picture and
it's like no girl you're in need
Photoshop for that so it is nice if you
want to just remove quick little objects
like all these cups like buy cups no
just looks cuter right I mean looks cute
with the cups it's like real but it
looks cuter without a mom that story
looks is a
another really cool app to use for your
IG stories if you just want to like make
them pop a little more you want to add
like a little bit of extra you can see
the ones that I like to use I like to
use the Polaroid with like the little
tape holding its and it just makes them
look cuter I like them because you can
add a lot of photos to one picture I
haven't used story locks in a minute and
I don't know why I feel like I don't I
don't know if sometimes like it comes
and goes on what I like to use but they
have a ton of different frames you can
use so many different frames you can use
you can really make it look like your
own I love these little neon ones oh
we've got a little USA ones I guess that
was fourth of July it looks like you can
add 200k what like all these apps you're
gonna find ones that are your favorite
and other ones that you're never ever
ever going to use but yeah story lips is
really good obviously you don't have to
see me do one it's like because you can
see like all these here and clearly the
ones that I like to use are ones that
have this little tape and you can adjust
them if you want it to be smaller or if
you want it to have you know like the
white background and you can obviously
use these for you know your Instagram
feed as well even though it's called
story looks you've all got to use them
for just that IV like reading no eye
contact in this video because I'm just
looking down at my phone which is like
kind of like real life so another one of
my favorites that I use all the time is
audible this is not a sponsored video at
all I'm just is legit one of my favorite
apps I don't get my books for free I do
have a subscription to audible that I
pay for I like to go back and listen to
books that I've already listened to I
just find them comforting so if you've
never tried audible it's really amazing
they have tons and tons of books I
really like to listen to a book before I
go to sleep at night or if you're
driving in the car you just want to
listen to music it just is like a really
Zen app for me it keeps me nice and calm
because sometimes when driving in the
car get a little bit of road rage and
sometimes like high-pass music does not
help so what I do is like I don't want
to have road rage obviously but you know
sometimes you just can't help it well I
got to cut me off why do you got to cut
me off sir put your blinker on I'm more
than happy to let you over so I turn on
a book and it helps ease my mind these
next two that I'm going at two men
are also ones that I like to kind of
listen to at night
the first one is rain rain and this is
what I use to tune out Biebs when he
snores because he snores so loud he has
a deviated septum and if you ever look
at him like this one of his nostrils is
like almost completely closed so I
understand why he snores it's not like
the end of the world but I'm a very
light sleeper and he falls asleep in
like one second I'm not even
exaggerating I don't know why boys can
fall asleep so fast me it takes me like
an hour I have to overthink everything I
have to play out scenarios in my head I
have to think of a comeback to what
somebody told me in third grade like I
don't understand why I'm like this
so I sleep with headphones in and I
almost always listen to heavy
thunderstorms
and it just really like I think it I
think it kind of sounds the same as him
snoring so it kind of like drowns him
out a little bit when I'm like ready to
fall asleep and I'm like done listening
to an audio book this is when I turn on
every single night well not every single
night but the majority of the night I
feel like I go through multiple apps at
night because I just have all this time
before I fall asleep but rain rain is
one that I use all the time and I've
been using it for years a more recent
one that I've been using is headspace
and I like headspace because it tells
you like stories but it has like like an
ambiance playing in the background so
there's another one that I use that kind
of tells you sleep stories as well that
I like to listen to but it doesn't have
any noise in the background it's just
the person reading the reason that I
like headspace is because it has sleep
tests and the one that I listen to all
the time is the midnight launderette and
I don't know why I just find it so
calming you can hear the washer and
dryer in the background as well as the
guy talking and the thing that I like
the most is every time you listen to the
actual story it changes ever so slightly
so you're not getting the same exact
story every single time and any time I
really feel like I can't go to sleep I
turn this one on and it helps me so much
I also like that you can adjust the
ambience and the voice like if you want
to hear more of the washer and dryer you
can crank it down and if you want to
hear more of the man's voice you can
crank it all the way up but I'll let you
just listen for a second
hello thanks for joining us tonight for
this visit to the midnight on Durrett we
will be washing away all the worries of
the day creating the ideal conditions
for a healthy press full sleep each
night we like to start with a short
exercise which we call a wine down it's
designed to soothe the body and relax
the mind so when you're ready let's
begin
so no matter what's been going on today
whether it's been a busy day or a calm
one this is an opportunity to just put
everything down we got both planes we
don't need both planes so that guy's
voice is just super super relaxing and
again I like the fact that the story
changes there's it's like about a cat
and like all these people that are like
at the laundromat
I don't know I'm just really into it
midnight laundrette is like one of my
favorites I also really like a rainy day
antiques because it's like you're caught
in the rain and the only place you can
escape to is looks like antique store so
I just really enjoy this a bit my mom's
calling me one second
hi there all right so my next one is Flo
I really like Flo because it helps you
to know when your period is gonna come
it's also a really good app if like say
you're trying to get pregnant it will
tell you what like your ovulation days
are like it says that my periods in
twelve days this might be TMI but like
we're all girls here and if we're not
hello it's a natural thing everyone gets
their period if you're a girl okay
anyways so it says I have like a low
chance of getting pregnant I'm not
trying to get pregnant but it does tell
you when you're ovulating like a couple
days ago you can see like it'll tell you
you have a chance to get pregnant it'll
tell you like if you have like a high
chance so that day were like Lord no
I've always like to log my periods just
to make sure that I'm normal and
everything is like happening the same
things are flowing things like that even
before like this app I you sound like a
calendar and put like I'll just like you
know like a red dot on it so I knew when
things were because if you ever go to
the doctor or anything like that they
always ask you like when was your last
period and I'm not gonna be like oh I
don't know like it's my body I should
know so that's why I like flow because
it helps you keep track and also it's
like dead-on you can also log your
period the more you log like the days
that you're on the better it gets to
know your cycle and like the more
informative it is and it's been pretty
dead-on since I've had the app I've had
now for like over a year and I just
think it's funny cuz like I always call
my period flow I don't know why I have
since like I was younger probably cuz my
mom calls it flow like I know it's like
super old but I refer to it and flow and
the app is called flow so I was like yes
this is for me it also gives you health
insights like all kinds of random stuff
like a bunch of reads that you can read
and then there's like a little community
that you can like talk to people I don't
ever talk to anybody I just like to know
what's the deal you know I like to know
what's happening and this app helps keep
track of it these are the last two are
going to be like photo editing as well
so the first one is visco which has been
around forever and ever and ever I
mainly love this app for to filter so
here's a picture that I took yesterday
which I should have put up on Instagram
and I didn't the main reason I like this
app is for HB 1 & HB 2 so HB 1 adds like
a lot of darkness to your photo as you
can see but like I don't know like I
just like it I like this particular
filter more for like when you're outside
like let me show you one of me and Biebs
because I feel like it's like a cuter on
like one of those pictures so like this
pic here I like um like HB one on it so
like you can I can even crank that all
the way up and I like how it looks it
adds like a lot of darkness and depth to
your picture is our phone recording yes
it better be it just adds like a lot of
darkness to it so I like to use that one
particularly for like when I'm like
doing outside shots because like I mean
it looks cute without it but like it
looks a lot cuter with it and look you
can see my remote control in my hand so
that's mainly the two that I like to use
in this app is HP 1hp - this app has so
many different filters that's a little
overwhelming so usually like if I'm like
flying or doing something where I have
just like a lot of time on my hand I'll
go through and try to favorite ones that
I like just make it easier on yourself
so you don't have to scour through so
many filters even though it does depend
on like what the photo is on what like
the filter is going to be but mainly I
do just use HB 1 and HB 2 HB one kind of
adds a lot more white to the picture and
HB 2 as a lot of darkness and depth to
it which is usually what I like and with
everything like I said don't you know
don't use [ __ ] like on like its standard
set like always go in and edit and see
what you like even though I do like this
one crank
all the way up I'm not gonna lie oh I
got highlights - I feel like you guys
haven't seen me since I got highlights
45-minute sense of video ray alright so
then my last app is rad video rad video
is really nice for giving your stories
like that retro look as you can see it's
really cute has the play it has your
date at the bottom you can import like a
video you know if you want to let me get
a video and should we do this video
where we're singing no because we might
get copyright it in this video let's
just do this one it's one second okay we
wanted a big check just gives you like a
retro looking vibe to your video so you
can give them different vibes different
looks it's just nice to add like a
little retro touch to your video
everyone used to be like all about
clarity and wanting everything to be
crisp and pristine now everyone's like
please make my videos look like [ __ ]
like I want the grain I want the rumble
I want the tumble like why why I don't
know I do too I like that [ __ ] too so
those are my top ten apps um I mean I
have way more than ten apps on my phone
obviously you guys could see some of
them but those are the ones that I
mainly use every single day any time I'm
editing a photo or anything like that
like I said if you guys want to do a
more in-depth photo editing video we can
do that but I just feel like it's
everyone's personal choice on how they
want their vibe of their picture to be I
would love to know what some of your
favorite apps are like do you even have
a top ten favorite are there apps that
you use every single day obviously
Instagram like we're using every single
day we got to see what's happening with
the people's so that is it for me I
don't have anything else to tell you
guys except I love you and I will see
you super soon in another video bye guys
