[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it really does help me keep my eyes
bright longer use the smallest amount
unless you want to be winning
and that's all that I call it correct
usually our concealer we're gonna use
the Shoei what is this high coverage
liquid concealer is ironic acid in it
which I really love keeps you humble
moist drives underneath your eyes I use
mine in the shade place and I like to
use this when I got cracked because it
is a little thicker so you're not gonna
have to worry about any orange peeking
through
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
here Rashi way this is the shaded or me
they use does she like lunch so what's
our base is like done which it is if I
like to set so we're gonna put a little
bit of the Urban Decay all nighter spray
now when I say a little bit I mean a lot
I'm gonna take the same bronzer from
bareMinerals now we're gonna work just
right into our crease nothing fancy
despite a little more waxy than the
other one
so I'm not clean up the bottom and I'm
gonna use
hold my sheep I'm here to
yes
and then I'll finish off with any kind
of
