hello and welcome back to my channel so
this morning I was on I drew stories and
I started with just asking you which
palette we should use today because I
have these two similar looking rainbow a
pattern battle patterns these two
similar looking rainbow palettes let me
open this white mob one so you guys can
see what I am talking about the palette
that won the poll was this guy here this
is from a brand called
lorac now it's not the law rock that
we're used to the law rock that we're
used to is lor AC and this is LA our
seat like a very very similar name I'm
pretty sure that this is a UK brand I
did order this palette after seeing it
online just because it looked intriguing
I didn't realize that it was this big so
that is the palette that we're going to
use today and even though it's a rainbow
a palette we're gonna go for like more
Thanksgiving vibe today I would just
like to clarify that Christmas is from
November 1st to November 27th November
28th this Thanksgiving and then we're
way back into Christmas I put up my
Christmas decorations I think like two
weeks ago and people don't ask why I put
my Christmas decorations out so early
and it's because it takes so long to do
that I'm like I'm not just gonna have
these up for 30 days like I need these
out for like at least 70 days so I like
to put my Christmas decorations up early
and we are going it to do like a
Christmas decor video but I'm gonna say
that till November so nobody gets
triggered by my Christmas decorations
okay because some of y'all are grinches
and y'all get mad apparently when you
see early Christmas decorations we're
gonna do a more like thanks to give any
look like orangie tones and stuff like
that let me moisturize my face while we
are chatting I'm gonna use the summer
fridays jetlag mask just because my skin
is a little dry I'm a little under the
weather I think that's just from being
being in London and it was really cold
it's kind of cold in Florida now but not
like it wasn't long and it was like
actually snowing I've been to Colorado
and stuff so I've seen snow but I've
never seen snow fall from the sky so
that was cool it wasn't cold enough to
keep the snow like on the ground so it
was just like a bunch of snow flurries
that what they're called let me stop
acting like I know what I'm talking
about
um but yeah it was cool to see snow fall
from the sky but I feel like my skin is
really dry so we're just gonna add a
little bit or a lot of it of the summer
fridays jetlag mask this is a mask that
you can use literally any way that you
want to use it you can use it as legit a
mask as it's intended for or you can use
it as a moisturizer you can use it as an
overnight mask I just really like it
all over the face as my moisturizer I'm
gonna let this sink in for a good second
though before we move on to the rest of
our face but it's so good and it's like
really refreshing cuz it's like
peppermint tea you guys have seen me
talk about the jetlag mask okay favorite
ever all-time so the two primers that I
asked you guys to vote on with this one
from Leigh Henderson and this is the
banana bright face primer and then this
is a new one from Victoria Beckham and
this is the cell rejuvenating a primer
moisturizer but I was hoping you guys
would vote for this one but you guys
voted for this one so we're gonna use
the banana bright face primer oh don't
have like a little chunk on it on like
that you know talking about you know
make that little dry piece so we're
gonna just use this guy is your primer
today that's orange crying cuz he
doesn't know I'm here
orange I'm in the back one was back here
you've just left that's why he was
crying you probably don't think anybody
was here skin hydrated today mmm
there we go into town again on Saturday
we're going to New Jersey but it's just
a quick trip we will be back home on
Monday Monday morning maybe in that
video we can like convince Jeremy to
start his own YouTube channel because
the amount of DMS I got after he made
bows like chicken male tacos he makes
like this really bomb like Street corn
coals I don't even know what it is I let
me stop acting like I know what he does
in this kitchen because I do not I can
barely butter toast I'm very lucky woman
let me see let me see what you voted on
let me see what you voted on so the vote
was between the dose of colors
foundation and
the Maybelline Dream urban cover and
this is the foundation that you guys
voted on it was really close I think it
was like 49 to 51 so we are going to use
the Maybelline Dream cover this is a
full coverage protective makeup with
sunscreen it has an SPF of 50 in it so
hopefully this is my color if not we can
make it work I feel like it's gonna be a
little warm on me just by looking at it
in the tube but like I said we can make
anything work yeah like you see she's a
little warm it's nice though
a good coverage
who
so every your foundation shade is not
your shade and even if it is your shade
drag that [ __ ] down to the neck drag it
to your neck
you ever watch like the Housewives I
might have watched a few episodes in my
day but I always notice when they're in
their interview and like they have on a
really deep cut v like the face color to
the neck color is insane
like if I'm wearing anything that shows
my skin and I have makeup on I will drag
the foundation all the way down just so
that you don't have that demarcation
line and just again I say this all the
time but so you're the same kind of
texture and smoothness like all the way
down any kind of skin that's showing its
makeup y'all it's makeup it doesn't
specifically need to only go on your
face I'm using a Tarte brush to apply it
I like the tube that it's in like this
little pointy applicator and even though
I'm using a brush I'm still doing like
pouncing motions so we keep the
foundation we keep the coverage by
pushing it in instead of like going like
this which I do do that but I do it more
so at the end to kind of pick up any
excess product but we're first laying it
down it's all about pushing it in
it didn't give you guys an option to
vote on any brow products because I
literally only use one brow product and
it's this guy from benefit which is the
precisely my brow pencil I haven't got
my eyebrows done yeah okay before next
year they'll be done I gotta go all the
way to LA to get my brows done like give
me a second
hey the hairs won't even bother me
anymore like I could not get them done
I'd be perfectly fine
I remember don't judge them until the
end because I need to fluff them I don't
fluff them until the very very end keep
that in mind no browse to browse um I'm
going to apply some primer to my lids
this is the blank canvas primer from P
Louise and Mitchell this [ __ ] is thick
yeah I wish it was like a smaller
opening so like so much product didn't
come out because I feel like a lot of
product comes out but still this is so
good if we're just like all over the lid
I think this is the most amazing base to
cut the crease too but since I've had
this I've been putting it all over my
lid even when I don't cut the crease and
I feel like my shadow is just like pop
this foundation looks very orange on
camera but I feel like it'll it'll come
together once we get everything on again
it's a very thick so I just kind of pick
a little bit up and then mash it around
just to kind of thin it out a little bit
I will just put this all over and lid
it's like honestly insane how much
pigment is in this little guy and then
I'm gonna take like a fluffier brush
just to kind of blend edges
we are going to use this lorac palette
again this is the artistry book and
we're gonna do like an orange II vibe
situation you know there is a very
bright orange eyeshadow in here I don't
know if we're gonna go for that color
foundation is giving us very orange
vibes to begin with look how big this
palette is y'all realize the mic was in
the shot sorry about that
I think I'm gonna go more cherry soda
maybe we'll add a little bit of this but
so far I feel like cherry soda is
calling my name
pack this on the lid
I feel like using that base to really
helps with fallout because it just
sticks so well to your lid like the
eyeshadow so really I'm just getting the
color on before we're worrying about
blending there's like legit no fallout
on my face I'm telling you that's
because of the damn base - I'm just kind
of like a pencil a fluffy brush pick up
some product and then start pulling it
up into our crease using light pressure
as I blend
and then I'm gonna take leave brush
add a little bit of psycho to the mix
kind of adding out here on the corner
cute so I'm gonna deepen this up and I
think I'm gonna go with this brownie
shade here just cuz it's looking a
little brain for a boy so let's go and
deepen it up so I'm gonna take brownie
and we're gonna do the same thing I
don't know what is up with this brush
that out on the corner out there
they get a little flat brush to just
really pack some brown on this corner
all right let's put on some lashes and
then we'll come back its Aros alright so
I know that you guys voted for the baddy
B lashes that alone I just loved there'd
always be so I'm sorry guys I have to
output you guys gonna go hard that
whiskey has anybody seen this new duo it
has both the dark tone and white and one
convenient little guy like this so these
must fees that I'm using are the studio
effects wispy so they're kind of like
customized looking lashes they have just
a little more dimension and a little bit
fuller than the original wispy lash give
them a fluff up always it's kind of like
curling your lashes but without having
to risk ripping your lash off okay so
you guys voted on concealer as well it
was between the dose of colors and the
ill maquillage
concealer which i've never tried but you
guys voted for dose of colors which I'm
kind of glad that you did because this
concealer is so bomb so I'm going to use
this in the shade 11 let's get all these
random little stray hairs out of the way
I love these concealers like the
consistency and the blendabilities
you're on point I'm gonna add a little
bit of concealer to other parts of my
face that I don't usually do just to
help this foundation a look not so
orange so blend a little bit of the
lighter concealer around the face blend
this out this concealer blends out so
easy it's crazy
your card that I didn't take it
completely up underneath my eye because
we're gonna put some shadow underneath
there so I do the majority of the
blending right on the edge of the
concealer and then we get up in this
area I do a lot of tapping because
that's where I want the coverage but
like any of the edges is where you do
the majority of the blending and then
when you're like here you can do the
tapping again to like push the product
and then as you get out towards the
edges and stuff is when you can start
blending I got a lot of questions on how
I did my contour the other day and I
started first with one of these dose of
color concealers this is in the shade 27
and I'm just gonna put some on the back
of my hand like Cheryl and I don't
remember what brush I used I definitely
don't think it was this morphe brush but
this is what we are gonna use and I'm
just gonna pick some up on my hand like
this and this drives fast so you want to
work quick and with light pressure so
you don't really move anything around
I'm just gonna add a little bit of this
first in our hollows right doesn't it
really look like a shadow so I'm just
pushing this in I'm not really rubbing
because I don't want to disturb our
foundation underneath because if you rub
too hard you can pull it off but I'm
just gonna tap this in
a little heavier on that side so you
guys could see and then push it up
do it on my temples
when you blend just use light pressure
so you're not again disturbing the
foundation because what can happen is if
you blend too hard you see how you'll
get like that lot like that spot in the
middle and I'm just gonna take our
concealer brush and just push over this
so I don't always cream contour I
honestly don't even know why I did it
the other day but I had a lot of
questions in that picture so I just
wanted to show you guys what I did
sometimes I feel like it just gives you
like a stronger contour when you start
with the cream contour first but I don't
know I have time for that like it's a
little much and it's easy to mess up
your face with cream contour I feel like
so just do it if you're feeling brave if
you're not feeling brave Danza
because I can smell the fear and then
it'll mess up your foundation and you'll
be mad that you cream contour itself the
two powders that I had you guys choose
between was the Kylie cosmetics soft
pink powder and then the Ben Nye fair
translucent powder you guys are tired of
saying this because you voted for the
Kylie losing mine in the shade soft pink
because this was a closest color that I
could find to my Ben Nye so I'm just
gonna pop some of this in the cap this
is easier to work with in the Ben Nye
one I'm just gonna pick some of this up
look up so I feel like the Kylie powders
are really really similar to the Ben Nye
hold on I got so much powder in my yeah
I feel like the Kylie setting powders
are very similar to the texture and the
power of the Ben Nye ones because before
Kylie came out with these powders her
makeup artist would always use the Ben
Nye powder so I feel like oh these do
that does look really nice though how
come I'm not gonna front feel like it
has a little bit more color to it none
of us are doing that powder is very nice
and then for the actual bronzer I used
was this Too Faced chocolate Soleil
bronzer this bronzer is really really
pigmented so a little bit goes a long
way
permission is a light hand
like I barely have any product on this
brush
all right so I want to do like more of
an orange atone so this is actually a
really old blush it's from a matte
collection and it is called Ocean City
I'm gonna go for more of this orange e
tone on the bottom just get right up in
those apples don't be scared of blush
our powder brush and go over this
we're gonna take a little bit more of
our Kylie powder
Beautyblender pick that up and then
we're just gonna go from a corner of our
mouth up just get a little extra sculpt
on our contour corner of my mouth you
know which is like that chill for a
second I'm gonna take a black liner and
just go over this like our band while
this sits here just like that you can't
see like I see a little bit of blush
glue there and I don't like that so I'm
just gonna take a black eyeliner and go
over this you see like the difference
it's just like little things little
things can make a difference and then
you can get rid of this
and then I'm gonna take the shade think
psycho just that little bit deeper red
you can take this like further down
under the eye and then with the same
pencil I'm just gonna go in with the
shape brownie I keep this closer
it's my lashline I swore this lip combo
the other day and I really liked it so
I'm gonna wear it again to dark look at
three no get you this - I'm gonna start
first with this Victoria Beckham lip
definer and this is in the shade for to
line our lips with these lip liners are
really nice I like a lip liner that's
like a combination of like dry and
creamy because if it's too dry it's like
a struggle to get it on your lips and
then if it's too creamy you can like
slip and slide all over your lips so
this one is like the perfect combination
of like a dry creamy lip liner hopefully
I make sense and then I'm gonna go in
with Mac Viva Glam to go so good with
this lip liner this is from artist
couture and this is uncensored oh yeah
cuz this cool one that just kind of
glides across my lips these hairs down
but which I did it and then this is our
completed look I hope you guys enjoyed I
will say that I first time using this I
am impressed with the palette I saw a
lot of people saying that the shadows
were a little dry and hard to work with
but that is not the impression that I
got with them and it could be because I
used that really good base which kind of
popped the colors and made everything
kind of blend and stay on my lid a
little more than maybe had I not used
the primer on my lids very impressed
with these shadows let me just touch one
of these shimmery shadows and yeah I
mean that looks nice but it's easy to
make like a hand swatch to look nice so
we will do another
look with this palette involving more of
the shimmer tone shades and good call on
this Kylie soft pink powder this is
actually really nice and I didn't have
to add that extra step of using a
brightening powder which I usually do
when I use the Ben Nye fair powder so
you guys you guys had some good picks
today I know that I didn't give you
control of the lip because I didn't know
what look I was gonna do yet so that's
why I just chose this lip so yeah that
is it for me
I don't think I have anything else to
tell you guys except I love you and I
will see you guys super soon in a new
video I guess
