hmm
what are you doing over here little
hairs like hello and welcome back to my
channel so I'm not Nikki I do have on a
top but I figured something's going to
be a video talking about glow products
that we would keep the chest bare so
that I could kind of demonstrate one
this area for you so today is going it
to be a top ten Tuesday I just kind of
like how that sounds and I said in my
last video that I wanted to do more
videos where we sit and we talk because
I miss it and I want to talk to you guys
so um today is going to be my top ten
kind of bronze glow products for summer
since it is right around the corner if
you live in the south it is it's it's
summer okay we don't get spring in
Florida Florida has four seasons and it
is hurricane season a Love Bug season
tourist season and it's summer okay
that's all we get we don't get spring
autumn fault we don't get that fun stuff
so we are already in summer so the skin
is out is actually really nice today it
rained like two days ago so it's
actually been like nice and cool out but
it's still like blazing hot if you're in
the Sun so I'm pretty sure it'll be back
up into the 90s tomorrow anyway I left
Florida so I'm gonna take off my
necklace I really hate taking off this
necklace though a lot of you asked where
I got this necklace from and my mom
actually got it for me for mom for
Christmas and it's kind of it's very 90s
a lot of people ask if it's gold or
silver so the front part is more silver
and it's just a stacked nameplate so if
you search like stacked name plates I'm
sure that you could find one if you live
where I live she got it in countryside
mall
she said the jewelry store by JCPenney
so if you live here you could probably
you know find them and I think it's on
like a 20 inch chain because I like them
long so you can like layer other
necklaces with them even though like I
never do I really look naked like I get
this chopped a little underboob
happening but that's okay
I can't tell so in the summer time or
any time that I'm showing like a lot of
skin I like my skin to look glowy
and just like luminous so I have a bunch
of products here that I want to talk to
you guys about and hopefully you'll find
one that you haven't tried before or
maybe you've tried some of these and if
you have tried leave your comments down
below and kind of let everybody else
know
your thoughts as well so I'm gonna start
with the tan ones first they do give
like a luminous they give you like a
very airbrushed finish to the skin which
I really like so this one is from bitola
brada and it is the body blur this stuff
is so legit you look so smooth and
airbrushed when you apply this I always
apply this to my legs if I'm wearing
like shorts or anything if I'm going
okay let me get let me rephrase I do
this stuff when I'm trying to be like
extra this is not like an everyday
occurrence for me but like if I have an
event or I'm going somewhere I'm gonna
see a lot of people that I'm trying to
be like fully snatched so it will take
like a little bit of extra effort but
it's cool we could do it sometimes right
I use it in the shade latte I believe
there are three different colors this
guy is very smoothing it's almost like
makeup for your whole body but you just
look so like I said airbrushed and
smooth and just like you look like a
walking filter so I'm gonna put a little
bit up here so that you guys can see
what I'm talking about I do usually
apply this with a glove but I have this
like big nice kabuki brush that we're
going to just blend this in with so you
guys can see what's happening but it's
very smooth it makes you look super
airbrushed and you can put this all over
your body just to give you like a nice
bronzy appearance and it doesn't
transfer onto your clothes which is
really nice I always give it a second
before I get dressed though like I
wouldn't get dressed immediately after
applying this you can see my two arms
like this one just has like a really
nice bronzy glow to it and this guy is
just my natural skin tone so again I'm
using it in latte which is the light I
think there might be one lighter
actually but this might be the lightest
one anytime I wear this people ask if I
am wearing pantyhose and I don't wear
pantyhose like I used to work at winged
house and Hooters and like I will never
wear pantyhose again because I'm scarred
for life from working at those places
but this is really amazing if you have
not tried it I definitely recommend it
as one of my like Holy Grail products
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna hook
you up in a minute dude we're gonna hook
you up in a minute another
really great product to kind of just
give you like instant color and like a
very smooth appearance to the skin is
from loving tan and this is the bronze
shimmer this comes in three different
tones I believe which is like medium
dark I have dark here this one has a
more shimmer glow appearance to it
whereas the bitola brada is just very
smoothing and gives like more of like a
matte finish so if you want something
that has like a little bit of shimmer in
it as well I recommend this guy and I'm
again going to apply it with the brush
with any kind of bronzing glowy
situation like this I would always
recommend weighting it like ten minutes
before you got dressed just so that
you're not taking any chances most of
the guys I have found don't really
transfer onto clothes I usually wait
five to ten minutes ten minutes if I can
five minutes if I'm in a rush and this
was the shade dark I thought it was
gonna be too dark for me right now cuz
I'm pretty fair I honestly try to stay
out of the Sun as much as I can just
because the Sun is super super dangerous
and if I can just get away with giving
myself like a nice bronzy glow like this
without having to damage my actual skin
that's what I'm always going to do so
this one has a little bit more Sheen
than the VTOL abroad uh but I think the
Vita Liberata looks a little bit more
natural
okay I'm gonna mention the next two
together because they're basically the
same product this one is an OG favorite
this is from Sally Hansen and this is
airbrush legs now even though it says
airbrush legs you can use this anyplace
on your body that you want a little more
coverage I have used it on my chest area
I have used it on my arms before it just
makes you look super smooth like your
whole body is in a pantyhose
so they come in a bunch of different
colors this one is deep Glo deep Glo is
kind of the same thing as this shimmer
bronze from loving tan it has a little
bit of sparkle in it a little bit of
glow like a little Sheen in it the other
ones that don't say glow on it give a
more matte natural appearance kind of
like this guy over here what I love
about this one is it is water-resistant
you don't have to worry about it
transferring on anything I think anytime
I mention products like this a lot of
you ask if they are going to get on your
clothes and the answer is no I can sweat
in this and don't have to worry about it
I've been using Sally Hansen airbrush
legs for longer than I'd like to it
it's been a staple forever my best
friend Valerie introduced me to this and
I've never turned back we used to go
line dancing all the time like in our
early 20s and we always had this on our
legs just because it made them look so
smooth and flawless and airbrushed and
we would sweat girl if you've ever been
lying dancing you are drenched in sweat
by the end of the night and the makeup
on the legs never transferred never came
off the way that you get this off is
with soap and water in the shower so if
you want to wear this to the beach if
you want weather so cool if you're on
vacation and you try to look extra
snatched you can with this all over your
whole entire body and it's not gonna
come off until you scrub it off with
soap and water so absolutely love Sally
Hansen airbrush legs been around forever
and I don't think it's going anywhere
this one is a newer leg makeup that I've
been using and it comes in three
different tones the Sally Hansen
airbrush legs comes in a lot of
different tones with this which is nice
the Sally Hansen one needs to be rubbed
in the head cat-like reflexes
this one from best brawn this is the leg
makeup this one does not need to be
rubbed in it actually says do not rub it
in once you spray it on your legs I like
to use mine in the shade medium they do
have tan they do have dark and light but
I like to use it in medium because I
think it's just like a nice overall
color this guy is also waterproof as
well but you can also use this unlike
these like this area here so we think of
ourselves like a nice quick pan and then
you just have like a natural looking tan
in the summer like of course I like to
be bronzy too but like I said I don't
want to go out in the Sun I don't want
to get a Sun Tan it's very dangerous for
the skin so if anytime I want to feel
bronzy and glowy I will definitely reach
for one of these products just to kind
of help me out and make me look a little
more bronzed but like in a really
healthy way this one recommends that you
wait six minutes before getting dressed
or doing anything like that it's a
little off right here because I have the
other product there so we're gonna be a
bunch of different tan tones so those
are like my four favorite kind of glowy
bronzing situations now let's move on to
actual glow products so the first glow
product we're gonna talk about is from a
senti Beauty this is their body lava and
this is in the shade who needs clothes I
actually lost my top to it which bums me
out like I don't know why I can't keep
her top I tried so hard but they just
end up
appearing so I feel like a lot of people
love this product so I wanted to mention
it to you guys I do love the color and
the glow but I will say that I do not
love the stickiness of this product I
wanted to mention it to you guys because
it does look so beautiful and glowy on
the skin and maybe some of you don't
mind like a more sticky feeling product
but for me I don't love the stickiness I
love the color of this one but I'll show
you what it looks like it's really
really pretty like on the skin but for
some reason I just can't get into the
stickiness of it like look at that oh oh
oh oh we might mess up our bronze
underneath but that's okay really really
pretty really glowy this is my favorite
color from the body lavas I think it
works really well with my skin tone and
it just looks so pretty and it smells
really really really really good and it
just makes you look so healthy and glowy
find yourself a big kabuki brush this
one's from iconic London and it's like
the best body buffer ever but when I
touch it it just it just feels a little
sticky and I don't love the stickiness I
wish it like kind of sunk in a little
more but it still is so pretty and I
still wear it because I love how it
looks on the skin so the next one is
from Sol de Janeiro and this is the
sunset glow oil and I really like glow
oils as you can tell that kind of have
that same tone to it the only thing that
I don't like about this is the
application like I don't like that it's
just like this like can I get a pump or
something along those lines so I'm gonna
add a little bit it's kind of the same
vibe and I like this one because it's
more like oily the smell smells so good
and it just looks like that so we have
little healthy-looking shoulders really
really pretty these look great when you
have this on if you're taking any kind
of photos because your skin is just very
reflective and it looks really great
when like flash hits it or if you're in
the Sun you just look like a glowing
goddess next this guy is from best
bronze the same place that makes like
this Lake I'm pretty sure it's like a
Brazilian company but again don't like
quote me on that but I think that it is
and this one is an illuminator so it's a
spray illuminator which is nice because
it's easy to apply so I'm gonna apply it
it's my chest you'll see the glow
happening this one is probably my
favorite because it's the easiest to
apply as you see we just sprayed it on
and instantly we just look glowy and
gorgeous it has like more of a gold glow
to it and the best part is it is the
easy application like you just spray it
on and you're instantly illuminated I
think that this one does recommend that
you wait about 15 minutes or so before
you get dressed so just keep that in
mind if you are applying any of these
glow products you just want to give it a
second to like sink in and set in and
you know do its thing I'm pretty sure
this only comes in one color but I could
be wrong no I'm pretty I'm gonna say
that it only comes in one color cuz I
was on the website not that long ago and
if there would have been more colors I
would have got all the colors loved this
guy gives a beautiful glowy glossy
golden glow next we have this beautiful
shimmering of body oil from Patrick taw
and this is his majorette glow and this
is a dream champagne he does have this
in two colors it comes in two more
champagne e color which you know is my
vibe that's the vibe that I like to go
with and it does come in a more bronzy
tone as well which unfortunately broke
on its way here it was not they're
shipping their thing was beautifully
shipped fragile written all over the box
and I just UPS just tries me all the
time so I like the fact that this guy is
spray so you can just spray this guy on
and it gives like this beautiful
champagne e shimmer it might be a little
hard to see because we got like so much
other stuff going on on our chest over
here but the smell of it is like just so
amazing but this one has a little bit of
glitter in it so you're gonna have that
like glittery glow to the skin which I
like and I like that it's an oil as well
cuz it's kind of moisturizing the skin
instead of just making it look glowy
you're getting a little bit of added
benefit to it since it is an oil it
sucks that the camera doesn't pick up
the shimmer because it's so beautiful
it's not like overpowering it's just the
perfect amount of shimmer to the product
so again this was major glow from
Patrick tah and I have mine in a dream
champagne this guy is from
vo and this is their sea goddess hair
and body shimmer mist I purchased this
myself and then I think like a week
later they had sent me one and my
five-year-old niece was over here and
she saw it and she was like I'm gonna
need that and I'm like yes you are ma'am
so it's very like just so gorgeous to
look at it's super super sparkly it is
just a shimmer spray so it's not like an
oil or anything like that so you can add
it to anything you can also spray this
in your hair which I'm gonna do and it
is really really shimmery like it is the
most shimmery spray that I think I've
ever used it reminds me of being like a
little kid with like our shimmer
glitters that we would like put all over
our body like was that only me or like
did y'all do that too because like I was
obsessed with glitter as a kid which I
mean I'm still am like ooh sparkly look
the reason I like this guy is that it's
just a spray it saw like an L or
anything like that so you can add it to
your hair you can add it to your bag
wherever you just want to be super
sparkly and shimmery and do it like the
wetness will dry down and then you'll
just be left with like lots and lots of
sparkle which I like and then this guy I
mentioned in my current favorites
yesterday but this is an amazing glow
product as well this is the Moroccan
body night serum night body serum but I
like to use this in the day as well like
throw it on my legs like maybe just on
the front center of my legs because it
just has like a beautiful beautiful
sheen to it it absorbs really quickly
into the skin so you're not gonna have
like that's super oily feeling it is
really good for your body as well since
it is a body serum so it's going to do
firming and smoothing and who doesn't
want to be like more firm and more
smooth okay okay I do use this as a glow
product and I just want to have a glow
to my natural skin tone and I don't want
to add like any extra color or anything
like that this is the dude that I reach
for that was it for my top ten Tuesday
glow products so let me know what you
want to see for next week's top ten
Tuesday should we do foundations should
we do lip combos like my favorite lip
combos to do so that is it for me I hope
you guys enjoyed I don't have anything
else to say except I love you guys and I
will see you super soon in a new video
