hi good morning so it's not morning
whatsoever I think it's around 2 o'clock
we're leaving for LA today so I was just
finishing up packing did some laundry
made the bed took a shower blew dry my
hair and snap you just went to go grab
us some food so we are taking I think
our flights at like 6 p.m. tonight it's
like super rainy so I hope that the
flight is on time and like bullet out
guys even though when we have a good
direct flight I don't care if the
flights delay because you don't have
like that anxious feeling of like
missing your connecting flight always
grateful when we can get like a direct
flight out there so I'm just gonna go
double check make sure I got everything
I'm not missing anything I got all my
charges my batteries my SD cards so
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so it's 9:25 we have like a 90 minute
ride to the hotel and then as soon as we
get to the hotel it is read service but
we all know is gonna do what did I tell
y'all these don't even fit are those
mine he comes right into the room
slippers rub you cute top hey this is
the best alfredo pasta it really is so
we were on our way here well not even
like before that like this morning they
text me were like oh you know if you
would have been an extra $700 a night
know we'll upgrade you to one of the
premier Suites so I was like now good
thank you and then we get here they're
like oh we gave you a complimentary
upgrade to the premiere Swedes what have
you been so mad if you paid for the damn
sweet recreated all suits fire
[Music]
oh is this old belowdecks we could
literally be those people on that TLC
show like just talking [ __ ] about the TV
like Bravo TLC first off good morning
let's start with some fire mom launched
a collab with el maquillaje
pretty she looks mama serious like the
most beautiful woman in the whole world
[Music]
we have like a free day today and every
time we come to LA we always got [ __ ] to
do
it wouldn't have [ __ ] to do so we
thought we would drive out to the Kill
Bill Church take some cute pics cuz like
basically abandoned yeah I think it
still looks like a working Church I
think there's a fence around and [ __ ]
but they were just look cute in the
background so hopefully next time you
see us we won't be eating
[Music]
we are the only car on the road the
other car those kind of us just turned
so cold in front of us and nobody behind
us there's a helicopter
to deter people
we got some cool shots out here on the
sink deserted ice road this is like
three outfit changes so it is 4 o'clock
now we are going to make our way back to
LA morning I haven't put into ear
piercing as well
what do you think beeps I think that's a
call right
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
I almost didn't come but yeah if you
guys go to that body electric make sure
you make an appointment because it was
packed in there oh my god look like the
guy from 19 feet on say if we ever get
out this parking spot we're gonna go get
some food
where we going what's a cold yard house
er do Yardbird yeah here we go it's
really good yeah okay
so hungry yesterday we did like nope we
had we had like breakfast and then we
went out to dinner by the way later with
a bunch of people yes and had like two
shrimps literally two shrimps mama needs
more than two shrimps okay
damn
less
we're going to dinner tonight with
lesson Sheila
Mastro's excuse Colin at Morgan's
exactly what he recommended Yardbird
looks a little light in this room is
crazy I don't know if this looks okay
but we're off to dinner with a lesson
Shayla I don't know if I'm gonna bring
the vlog camera okay I'm not even a lie
like I'm actually gonna bring it I'm not
gonna bring the block camera because
it's so big and my bag is like legit
this big still baked to brain you guys
gotta stay here for dinner okay I'm
sorry I love you I was elated morning
even though I don't think it's morning
at all I think it's around two o'clock
in the afternoon we've been up for a
while but we've just been like not
moving around so it's our last day we're
gonna go I think take some pictures in
front of like the palm trees and I don't
really know what else we're doing I
really want to ride some damn scooters
around but Beebe's don't want to ride
the scooters with me inception so we're
gonna go try to get some I G shots I'll
see you downstairs
do you see ones doing what they have
people walking around we just went in to
the little five-minute shots on one of
these Beverly Hills shoots I have like
the good palm trees
running good I'll shoot some pigs jump
back in the car no and we got two other
people on the road I got a guy and a
girl like doing the same show taking
pictures in the street oh no don't I'm
missing my children anytime we're away
for like more than two days I'm just
like I'm ready to go home right here
pump me Tom Tom this Restoration
Hardware looking real cute that's like a
really cute picture to take a like a
good pic like if you have a really cute
outfit on go to Restoration Hardware cuz
then it just looks like you're in like a
lavish ass living or I am gonna do a
quick shirt change say might gonna pick
on the pulse Met Ball so I brought
another shirt this is shirt I wore
yesterday but is it the shirt I don't
know
I wore a green or a blue hoodie today
one of them so I'm gonna do a quick
shirt change and then we're gonna walk
around it and take some pics and just
like that we need a green shirt like
eight cars have driven by hope you guys
enjoyed the show I think this was
painted for us
people over here taking bigs you're
driving down Melrose doing some IG pick
hunting and we saw the fruit lady so
that's what we're going now we got the
green light
well that was not the real fruit lady
okay they had like pre-cut Publix fruit
in there we were like no okay no thank
you
not what we needed not what we wanted
and I wanted to write the damn scooter
but the dude the scooters say not to
ride them on the sidewalk and I'm trying
to live
that's dangerous I'm trying to make it
home to the children's and find the
fruit Lainey
[Music]
Nealon Giovanni
[Music]
just leaving dinner we went to get beats
of tacos in the damn taco song we're
just heading back I'm gonna pack up all
my sheep and then go to sleep and home
to the children tomorrow
okay wait take out these shorts ila see
you in like 8 8 days or something
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
nice ramps I've been home for a few
hours now did you get bigger why mom was
gone did you get cuter when mom was gone
