hi I'm pretty sure my mic is on hello hi
welcome back to my channel all that good
stuff that we tend to say at the
beginning of our videos so I feel like
I'm on an early Valentine's Day kick I
want to do like a soft but bright makeup
look that you could totally wear for
Valentine's Day just cuz we're gonna be
using like soft pink shadows which you
guys know is like my favorite shadows to
use pink shadows for life so anyways the
first Parshin well
the foundation portion of this video is
going to be sponsored by Clinique so
that we can try out their new even
better makeup I have used a ton of
Clinique foundations but I actually have
never tried this one which I don't know
why like why didn't anybody tell me
because you guys remember when my face
was like going through it it's cuz a
little bit of breakouts happening now
that's just because we've been traveling
and any time I travel my face just gets
kind of broken out just from like the
dry airplane air but I wish I would have
known about this when I had like dark
spots left over from all my breakouts
because this foundation will actually
improve your skin while you're wearing
it so we're gonna try this out today
it's gonna be kind of like a little
first impressions for me because like I
said I've actually never tried that
foundation and then we're gonna move on
to the rest of the face we're actually
going to an engagement party tonight so
I just kind of want to do my makeup and
film with you guys like all in one I
have this red lip and I know that's what
I want to wear but you can totally wear
this with a nude lip I just feel like
I've been doing nude lips a lot no and
you know if I wore a nude lip we're just
gonna bust out the old 5:35 there's
gonna be this ain't a different day my
areas looking extra cute today
so I am already moisturized I've just
been using the hydrating mask it's
already been sinking in while I've been
setting up so we can actually move right
on to foundation well happens in my
Beauty Blender I know it's crazy but I
have not been wearing primers as of
lately I just feel like I don't know I
don't need them as much maybe it's
because my skin is getting drier but I
just find that I don't really need a
primer especially with using the
moisturizing mask so we're just gonna
move straight on to foundation I'm using
this in the shade CN 70 I'm just going
to apply this foundation as I would
apply any a foundation so I'm just going
to throw okay we're just gonna put a few
dots on the face I don't know how much
to use but we know I like a lot of
foundation and this is a damp Beauty
Blender so right off the bat it's
creating like a really beautiful healthy
glow to the skin which is just I think
the best way to describe it and that's
because the foundation is packed with
vitamin C and antioxidants
it doesn't have a very matte finish or
feel very heavy on the skin it actually
feels like really breathable and lights
can't really see the foundation sitting
on my skin obviously I can tell that I
have coverage to my face but I can't see
the product sitting on top of it so
let's work on this side where you can
see like more active breakouts happening
and a cool thing that I said in the
beginning is with extended wear of this
foundation it's actually going to help
to eliminate dark spots on your face
which I mean we all like that right yes
I'm gonna pull a little bit of this up
to the forehead I usually never put
foundation on my forehead I just take
whatever excess is on my Beauty Blender
and just kind of pull it up there really
like this glow like I like how do we and
healthy a healthy is just the best way
that I can describe it like we all know
what healthy skin looks like and
sometimes you kind of lose that glow
with foundation but this this is looking
good this foundation is also great for
dry skin combination oily whatever kind
of skin type you have this foundation is
going to be suitable for you and it
comes in 56 different shades which is
amazing I would recommend going to Ulta
or Macy's or anywhere that sells
Clinique products and have them color
match you that's what I did again I'm
wearing sienna 70 Anna has an SPF of 15
in it which is always nice so again I
just want to thank Clinique for
sponsoring this portion of the video and
now let's move on to the eyes so I'm
gonna really quickly do my brows off
camera and then I will be back and we
can focus on the eyes and I just want to
let the whole world know that I'm
getting my eyebrows done when I'm in LA
on Thursday Thursday yes it's been like
over a year y'all I feel like they're
not gonna grow anymore like I've just
gotta clean them up get get it going
because I'm not gonna be using any of
these brow hairs down here right wait
those can go or should they stay I don't
they honestly don't even bother me
anymore because I've just been living
with them so long like sometimes I'll go
to get my nails done I might now girls
like girl I'm like that what what
apparently they bother other people but
they don't they don't bother me but I do
think that they need to be cleaned up
I will agree I will agree with some of
y'all they need to be freshened up so
I'm gonna do these brows real quick and
then we'll get into the rest of this
video
finishing housewives while we're at it
Oh me and I forgot to do my brow trick
that's fine that's fine it's fine it's
fine
so I just want to kind of do a soft eye
look today so we're gonna use which I've
never used before which I'm not sure how
the shadows are but I'm gonna try the
k'kaw Beauty a classic blossom because
this pink shade is just talking to me so
I'm gonna just do like an easy bright
eye things you underestimate when you
get your ears pierced is putting your
hair behind your ears hey just want to
take this super light shade to start and
I'm gonna sweep this over my entire lid
from lid to brow just to really brighten
up this lit space so we're going to LA
on Wednesday mmm and then we'll be home
Saturday and then I think we're home for
like a week and then we go to Colorado
so tons of traveling and I'm thinking
that I'm gonna put the vlog up after we
get back from the trip from LA that
we'll have like Mexico and I lay in it I
just feel like it's a little short right
now and then I'm going to take the
little bit darker pink and we're gonna
start just kind of working this into our
crease the shadows are super powdery but
they look good like on the lids and I'm
gonna just start putting this in my
crease remember we're just doing a super
soft eye it's looking extra soft to you
guys and I feel like I don't have to
tell you if you watch my videos but if
this is your first video you've ever
watched we're using SuperDuper light
pressure on our lids like the amount of
pressure that we're pushing onto our
brush is super light we're going to
Colorado at the end of the month also to
do some snowmobiling some skiing I'm
gonna ski I've never skied but I feel
like I can do anything so
last time we went to Colorado we didn't
do any snowmobile and we didn't do any
like snowboarding or skiing or anything
like that we just did a lot of
snowmobiling um so this time I was like
no we have to ski I have to at least try
it
so I'm excited super soft super soft
super soft I might add a little bit of
brown shadow to the crease but I'm gonna
wait until we put our lashes on because
you know how sometimes you're like oh
I'm gonna do a soft look and then the
next thing you know you have a smoky eye
things that out of control pretty easily
if you feel like another color in the
mix I'm gonna wait till we put on our
lashes to decide if we need to darken
cuz the brown in here is really pretty
as well I love this mascara it's from
the Inglot Jennifer Lopez collection and
I just love the little teeny tiny brush
you can get really close to your lash
line without like poking yourself in the
eye for lashes today I'm gonna use these
Ardell studio effects lashes which are
basically like a little bit of a stacked
lash and these are just in the style
wispy so I always like to give my lashes
just like a little push upwards just so
you know we're up and about and not down
and out yep yep yep yep we're gonna try
out the new offense he conceal errs
today and I think I'm gonna go with 180
yeah so I feel like I could use either
but I'm gonna do 180 because it looks
like it has a little more of like an
orange II peachy tone to it which is
great it's gonna help cancel out the
dark circles so I'm gonna put this on it
feels really creamy like really creamy
cubed anytime I'm I'm blending out
concealer I always like to start at the
edges first to kind of mesh that out
mesh it like mesh it with the skin and
then it's having the product then again
just use my finger to blend the edges
this is my first time trying them with
you guys and they blend it out really
nice super easy to blend out not a heavy
formula very light feeling formula but a
lot of coverage in the concealer which
is nice like you get a lot of coverage
but you don't have that heavy feel and
it looks really
smooth and nice under those eyes so I
have both of the brightening powders I
have the lavender and the banana today
we're gonna go with the banana under eye
brightening like you get a ton of
product in here here for the party I see
and this is the little setting brush I
like it because it's very loose and
flimsy so it's not gonna apply a lot of
pressure because he's not light brush it
and then I like to start from the out
and work my way in that looks really
nice under there we'll try the lavender
next time to see if it gives a more
brightening effect but so far no
complaints like the way it smells the
powder feels very smooth underneath the
eyes it looks really smooth under there
for my bronzer today I'm gonna use this
hour grass our grass no girl this is our
glass and this is the luminous bronze
lights hey I'm gonna use this rose gold
blush good thing this was the side that
I wanted to use and we're gonna just pop
this on to our cheeks I can't believe
that just popped out like that I just
can't not use this this this is just
it's in my routine it's in my habit it's
still work I love right I must use it so
I'm just gonna add a little bit of this
to the under eyes and then pull it down
onto my cheek so we get like that really
seamless under eye to blush so we're
gonna go in with my most favorite eye
pencil lip pencil you can use this in
your waterline or as a lip liner which I
love it as a lip liner too when you're
more like that extra dark contoured lip
liner but today we're gonna use it in
our eyes because I just like I said in
my last video I'm trying to get more
comfortable with getting in the
waterline and I really like this Brown
against like my brown eyes it's a way
lighter it's also a way lighter color in
your waterline than it is as a lip liner
I like in my waterline it gives off like
a very red Brown and then on my lips is
like brown we're also gonna take a
little bit under the eye
as well just to create a little shadow
down here I'm gonna take a little pencil
brush and first just kind of mesh that
liner around a little bit I'm gonna take
um a clean brush just to really blur
that line out underneath it I'm gonna
hit my lower lashes with some of the
same mascara again I love this one it's
the Jennifer Lopez Inglot mascara and
the wand is just so teeny tiny so it's
perfect for any heat so you could
totally do a nude lip with this you're
basically done super soft gorgeous love
it it's like my favorite kind of makeup
like lots of lash and like a simple eye
and then like either like a super fire
new lip which we do all the time so
we're gonna do red today let's just go a
little powder on them and then we're
gonna fill it in with the phen sealant
paint in uncensored I really like this
red tone shape shape shape and I like
the applicator of these little things
too let's give our face a little spritz
I'm gonna use the Urban Decay all
nighter spray so we want it to last all
night don't be stingy with the spray
girl I feel like I should be wearing a
poodle skirt and serving you guys like
molten milkshakes
this red lip and it's like but yeah
these kind of looks are my favorite very
simple I lots of lash and like a popping
lip so I hope you guys enjoyed this look
I will see you guys super soon in a new
video
[Music]
you
