[ __ ]
hello and welcome back to my channel you
know today is top ten Tuesday and I want
to talk fish fish
she's very chatty today tuna does not me
out either she chirps she's like hey so
yeah today it's top ten Tuesday oh we're
gonna talk about some of my favorite
powders whether it be powder for setting
the face powder for underneath the eyes
if you want a foundation translucent all
that jazz I don't know if I have ten I
have one two three four five six seven
eight nine maybe ten cuz there's two the
same thing sitting right here
how did to me is super important because
it can either make or break your makeup
look there's been times where I've gone
to set my face with like certain powders
or translucent powders or something like
that and it just completely ruins my
makeup so for me a powder is really
really important because I'm always
setting my makeup we do I live in
Florida we know it's super humid and hot
here so I need to set my makeup for it
to last long on me not only do I live in
a hot climate
I'm also oily so best of both worlds but
I wouldn't want to live anywhere that
didn't have humidity cause it's actually
really really really really good
please skin so this is basically the
first time I put makeup on my face since
I've been home from India I just had to
take a couple days to kind of decompress
I talked about it a little bit on
snapchat know I've talked about it a
little bit on Instagram stories just
like having anxiety I've had it for a
while and it it was just out of control
when I was traveling it was the longest
I was gone
from home so yeah I just need it like a
couple days to like decompress and just
be my normal hermit crab self without
further ado I think this ring goes on
this finger okay how cute is this little
ring that I got the other day it's from
the last line and it's my birthstone so
it's a little aquamarine can you even
see or is the light too bright it looks
like a diamond but it is not it's my
birthstone I'm going to talk about
so the one that I use basically all the
time now is the Ben Nye fair powder I
feel like I've mentioned this quite a
bit to you guys recently but it's really
such an amazing powder especially like
for being on the less expensive side of
powders you really get a pretty good
bang for your buck out of this you get a
ton of powder first of all I buy mine on
Amazon I use mine in fair which has a
little bit of pink tint to it which I
like on my skin tone this powder is
super smoothing underneath the eyes this
what I use to set underneath my eye let
me clarify that in case you know you
haven't watched any of my videos
recently you're like where do you put
this so I use this guy just strictly
underneath my eyes I don't bake
underneath my eyes because I just find
that on me it can look a little drying
and I don't feel the need to bake you
know what I'm saying so this guy is very
smoothing underneath your eyes I noticed
that I get a very long wear out of it I
just really love all Ben Nye powders the
first one that I ever tried was the
banana powder which I feel like was kind
of like a big thing on YouTube when it
came out we were like oh my god banana
powder like what is this yellow magic
setting powder but for me I've learned
over the years that I look a little
better with a pink powder under my eyes
as opposed to a yellow powder so that's
why I just love this guy so much you get
so much of it it lasts forever it's
super smoothing underneath the eyes and
he's not expensive alright so one of my
next top favors is from Kat Von D I know
a lot of people have like things to say
about Kat Von D but that's that's I
don't that has nothing to do with me
this foundation powder is still really
really good as you can see it is well
well loved this is a foundation powder
and I do like to set my foundation with
this because you know I like a full
coverage look plus sometimes I like to
use a foundation powder if I feel like
my foundation color is a little off
because if your powder has a little
color to it you can kind of even it out
and make it work for you I always say
that you can make any foundation color
work regardless if you can just hit it
with good concealer and good powder you
can really make anything work in your
favor so I really love this guy I love
the color I use it a medium one for
five even though it is a powder you
still look really smooth and it doesn't
give like a dry appearance to the face
which is important with powder like even
though I do powder the [ __ ] out of my
face I just feel like I've never really
looked powdery with this guy plus I
always use a setting spray at the end of
age it's gonna bring your skin back to
life but absolutely love this guy I use
it all the time you guys have seen it a
lot in my videos recently so our next
guy is from Maybelline and this is the
fit me powder this is a loose finishing
powder so it is like this this guy is in
fair if you're wondering why mine is so
lights because I specifically use it
underneath my eyes I like that it is
very smoothing underneath the eyes and
it gives like a really nice texture like
overall texture to the skin I have used
the loose powder all over my face just
for me personally when I'm setting my
makeup I moreso like to use like a
pressed powder like this as opposed to a
loose powder because I feel that I get
more coverage out of a pressed powder
than a loose powder and sometimes I find
that I use more powder when it's loose
if I'm setting my whole entire face so
that's why I like to use loose powder
specifically for underneath my eyes and
then a pressed powder for all over my
face so this guy I use in five which is
super duper light so it's very
brightening underneath your eyes as well
it looks very white on camera but it
does have a little bit of that pinky
tone that the Ben Nye powder has as well
and just that under but it just kind of
helped brighten that tote I don't know I
decide to yes ma'am next is a
brightening powder from k'kaw beauty not
a lot of things that I like there's two
things I like I like the number two nude
lip liner and I like this number two
brightening powder from her as well
everything else I was like no no but
this is a really amazing brightening
powder I think writing powders make such
a difference underneath your eyes when
you finish with your makeup it really
helps to have like this area be like
very smooth because sometimes there's
just me and I like a lot of blush but it
can be like a little harsh right here
when I apply my brush when I
apply my blush and by applying the
brightening powder it really kind of
blurs the line from blush to under-eye
which I really like how it gives like a
seamless smooth look so you guys can
tell that this guy is well-loved I
probably have like I can kind of see
them over there and I think there's like
six backups over there but it does make
such a difference to me in my like
beauty routine and my makeup routine I
just think that it really adds a nice
finishing touch to your makeup look
because you just look so like seamless
from here to here the next guy is from
hourglass and this is their veiled
translucent powder
I forget how good it is because I get
stuck on other stuff but I just saw him
sitting over there and I was like how
dare I not have been using this guy's it
is so smoothing and blurring underneath
your eyes it just looks so good some
translucent powders on me
I still see like a little bit of color
when I use a concealer that is like
really bright or I don't want to add any
extra color to it that's why I love to
use like a true translucent powder
because the Maybelline has a little bit
of color to it as well as the Ben Nye
has a little bit of color to it so I
really like the fact that this is
completely translucent it's not going to
bring any more color to the face if
you've ever had any kind of issues with
creasing underneath your eyes or you
just felt like you could never find a
powder that worked for you please try at
this hourglass bail translucent powder
all right the next guy is from Charlotte
Tilbury and this is the flawless
airbrush finish powder this is in number
two which I think there's only three I
think there's light medium and dark so
this is what I like to use to set my
face if I don't want to add a lot of
extra coverage to it this guy gives like
a really smoothing appearance like the
name says I mean it's called the
airbrush flawless finish so the name
definitely does it just it the name
definitely does it just the name
definitely does it just this because you
do really look smooth after you apply
this to your face it's not a foundation
powder it's just like a finishing powder
so this is really nice as well
another great powder from Charlotte
Tilbury is their
translucent powder which is the
Charlotte's genius magic powder this is
for your under eye and for your face
this one is also in number two as well
which is fair medium this one is like a
soft focusing powder now I really like
the powder itself the thing that I do
not like is the smell of this powder
okay it is amazing I mean amazing
looking underneath your eyes but the
smell it like smells like an old crayon
or something if you have this powder do
you think it smells like an old crown or
is that just me like you just really
smells like an old crown it's such a
good ass powder that I want it to
mention it to you guys but I don't use
it nearly as much as I should be because
the smell is just so strong to me and I
understand like is it only my powder is
it y'all's powder really good though so
the next two powders are the same exact
powders one I use for my face so I use
light for my face which looks like this
here this is their soft focus hydrate
and setting powder so sometimes like I
don't want like a ton of coverage on my
face so I'll use this guy because it's a
lot lighter than the Kat Von D one but
you still look like really pretty and
like soft like cat hair everywhere y'all
you honestly think that question a lot
like in my DM is like how do you not
have cat hair everywhere I'm like it's
everywhere this is light which I like to
use to set my whole face with and then I
like to use fair every once in a while
for like a brightening effect underneath
my eyes I don't know if it's like
supposed to be used for like a
brightening effect underneath the eyes
but that's what I like to use it for and
I think that it's great because it's
like such a tightly pressed powder and
the fact that it's soft focus and
hydrating you never look dry or cakey or
anything like that which is you know I
don't know if you can tell but that's
like kind of a big deal
you don't want to look dry and cakey no
I have literally like a hair just float
see look at this so I think that was 10
right was i dead I don't even know
anymore yeah it's so nice to be home and
sitting here and filming for you guys so
I will see you guys super soon we are
going to go out to dinner tonight to
take the moms out for a late Mother's
Day since we
in India for Mother's Day and we were in
India for the cat's first birthday my
mom's like they don't know I'm like I
know but I know dad let's take my teeth
so that is it for me I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in a new video
right guys
