I had a beautiful opportunity to travel
with shared planet to India not only was
I able to explore and experience is
incredible culture but I was able to
come face to face with the elusive and
endangered tiger seeing them up close
the beauty and the power of the tiger
showed me that we must stand together to
protect this majestic creature
[Music]
[Music]
how can we take care of what we have the
skies the water the land each other as
long as those elements connect us as
long as the Tigers are among us we will
all be a part of a shared planet hello
and welcome back to my channel in
today's video I'm gonna be talking to
you guys about a new cosmetic brand
called shared planet shared planet is
the reason that I went to India I think
in May because they asked me to be a
part of their tiger collection which
includes a palette and two glosses the
really cool thing about shared planet is
that they're bringing awareness to
endangered species by releasing these
makeup collections they have the tiger
collection as well as the polar bear
collection and they're also donating a
portion of their proceeds to charities
around the world that are helping these
endangered animals when they asked me to
be a part of it and they told me their
reason behind it I just could not resist
I never thought in a million million
years that I would travel to India and
it was one of the coolest experiences of
my life just everything it was like
sensory overload in India there was so
many things to look at me were in Delhi
first and we went to the Taj Mahal
which was just amazing on its own and
then we took a flight and we flew to the
middle of nowhere and we went on a tiger
safari never ever ever in my whole life
did I think that I would be like right
in the face of a tiger like when I tell
you this was the tiger and this was me
this was the tiger and this was me I was
so mesmerized by the tiger it was just
seeing the tiger up close like I can see
it right now like I just know that that
memory will be burned into my brain
forever Beebe's actually got really
really lucky we were in separate Safari
cars we saw the mom tiger like legit
right here and Bebe's actually got to
see three of her babies they were like
more full-sized but they were like all
just laid out right in front of his
Safari truck it was I I get so excited
when I talk about it because obviously I
love cats
and to see the world's largest cat was
just
I have no words for it it was honestly
one of the coolest experience of my life
and I just want to thank shared planet
for giving me that experience and taking
me on that trip of a lifetime because I
will never experience a tiger up close
and personal like that ever again and to
see it in its natural habitat was just
one of the coolest things I have ever
done when they told me the reason behind
creating these pallets and just wanting
to bring awareness to endangered species
and give back to these species like I
could not pass up this opportunity I am
just very honored that they asked me to
be a part of the tiger collection and
it's also really cool because I got to
see all of this before it was like in
its actual packaging when we were out
there we were using lab samples I was
using the lab sample glosses for ever I
actually just took them down to the bone
like they're just they're just gone
this is not like a collaboration I
didn't create this palette even though I
feel like I totally could've because
these shades just are like me I just
love everything that the brand stands
for I love the shared planet team it was
just a really amazing bonding experience
to go on that trip with that entire team
as well and it's just something that I
will never ever forget but I did create
this entire look using the tiger
collection I have the whole tiger
palette on my eyes as well as big cat on
my lips favorite gloss ever I will link
all shared planets info in the bottom
bar you guys should go over and check
out their YouTube channel they have some
cool like highlight reels from the trip
to India alright let me stop talking and
let's go ahead and jump in to this
makeup look get cozy get a snack and
let's do our makeup all I have is this
white headband I know it makes people
nervous with white but I'm gonna put it
on and we're gonna go with it I feel
like I look like I'm from the sixties
like with this shirt and this headband
alright so to start off the look I'm
gonna moisturize first with my Marc
Jacobs youthquake just gonna really try
to hydrate this face because Halloween
makeup for foundation I'm gonna use the
Make Up For Ever Ultra HD I've been
going back to this foundation I honestly
haven't used it in years and I used it
the other day and I was like why did I
stop using this foundation I'm also
really loving the Anastacio foundation
it's very luminous but I don't know I
just want to have a little bit extra
color today so I'm gonna use the makeup
forever
be shade why 335 and I'm going to pump
some of it onto my skin and then blend
it out with our Beauty Blender your
brows are just gonna use the power of
editing so no browse to browse on so for
eyeshadow I'm gonna be using the shared
planet tiger collection it just has all
these beautiful neutrals and shimmers in
it I'm first gonna dip in to Siberian so
I'm just gonna sweep Siberian across my
entire lid but these shadows are really
really pigmented and really easy to
blend out I'm gonna go in with the shade
fiery and we're gonna pack this on at
the outer corner I really just like to
pack color in not really worry about
blending just getting good saturation of
color so I'm just like pushing this into
my crease and then you can start
blending out once you feel like the
colors for your liking
I'll just find that works a little bit
easier and then we can start blending
out I'm gonna add a little bit of warm
by picking up the shade clod and doing
the exact same thing just gonna add this
to our outer corner and then pack it up
just to give it a little bit more a warm
look since you know we're wearing orange
you didn't use anything to cut your
crease you can use concealer I'm gonna
use this P Lewis base and a little tiny
brush so the reason when I cut my crease
is because I want to put a shimmery
shadow on my lid and if I were to put
just the shimmery shadow on my lid it
would transfer up into my matte shadow
and that Carnegie Sean Reinert so by
cutting the crease it just kind of helps
me control where the product goes so I'm
just gonna finish coating just like kind
of soften that edge where it's gonna
meet that darker shadow and then we'll
pack on a darker shadow there I'm gonna
take a little flat brush and we're gonna
take the shade pawprint
Oh pop right looks so good now we're
gonna push it in and then take the shade
predator and just kind of close this in
just kind of darkening up this outer V
out here like a little teeny tiny guy
and then just go right up into the
crease
great above our shimmer shadow just add
a little more definition up in there
there's a little bit of fallout from the
shimmer shadow but not being crazy for
our lash we're gonna use some of the
Ardell double up 113 I love these I love
any of their double up lashes I do
they're just extensions for concealer
we're gonna use a little bit of tart
shape tape these breakouts though so fun
I'm just gonna start with a flat brush
well this is a stippling brush it's just
a flat stippling brush to kind of blend
out the edges and then we'll go in with
our beauty blender to blend the rest of
it out I like to leave that line right
there like pretty sharp like this guy so
it just gets a little tiny blend just
under the eyes I'm gonna use my most
favorite this is the Ben Nye fair
translucent powder it is translucent but
it has like a tiny hint of pink which I
really like underneath my eyes and then
to set the rest of the face I'm gonna
use my makeup forever matte velvet skin
and I'm using it in 3:45 I'm just gonna
take some of that shine down from the
foundation I swear this powders like
magic to bronze up the cheeks I'm gonna
use this lawless bronzer I'm I really
like this bronzer it is the evelle vut
matte bronzer in the shade golden hour
still rocking with this jus a palette
I've been mixing adore me with kiss me
which is like I don't know perfection
right here throw this on the apples
I love blush I like to get all my powder
on my face and then whoa setting spray
this so we're gonna use the Urban Decay
all nighter spray the most important
thing is that you take a Beauty Blender
and push the setting spray in to the
skin all right now I can set my brows so
I just use edge control this is called
edge booster and I actually like the
spoolie on the back of this eyebrow
pencil more now it was just easier I'm
gonna take versatile chestnut and add
this to my
water line come out a little bit under
and then we're gonna take some of fiery
and a little bit of predator and then
just add that under as well I'm keeping
those two shades pretty close to the
lower lash line and then we'll take a
smaller fluffy brush and the shade clod
and just sweep that underneath the other
to my fish pulling that guy pretty far
down all right so wine my lips I'm gonna
use this is called anywhere caffeine I
like that I like that a lot this is my
Tweety get a little blend and then out
of the two glasses I'm gonna use big cat
I think it's my favorite of the two I
only had the lab sample of this and I
took that thing down to the bare bones
so to have like a nice fresh beautiful
new one I'm just gonna add this right on
top oh it's so good it's so good I love
the gloss that's like SuperDuper
sure-sure and even though it's like more
like on the orangie tone side I just
feel like it goes with so many different
lipsticks so here's our finished face I
really hope you check out shared planet
I will have all their socials and
everything linked in the bottom bar the
cause behind the brand I think is
amazing just bringing awareness to
endangered species and the fact that a
portion of their proceeds they're
donating to help these charities around
the world is even better I will be doing
another look with the polar bear palette
which I'm really excited about because
that one's just like all cool tones and
lots of shimmers so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I don't have anything
else to tell you guys except I love you
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you super soon in another video
hey guys
