hello and welcome back to my channel so
a couple of weeks ago on Instagram I was
kind of doing like a frequently asked
hair question because I feel like I get
a ton of questions on my hair so I'm
gonna kind of do what I did there kind
of answer some of your questions and do
my hair at the same exact time this is
how I do my hair when I don't really
want to do my hair it's really quick and
it just involves a triple barrel curler
or a waver whatever you want to call it
just don't call it a crimper there is a
big difference between waving your hair
and crimping your hair I did a waiting
video kind of a few months back but I
feel like that's more my summer wavy
look where I like it big and poofy and
this one is like a more sleek kind of
styled wavy hair so I'm gonna show you
guys how I do that and just kind of how
I style my hair and I don't really want
to which is literally most of the time
like if I really don't want to style my
hair I will leave my hair like this so
I'm not I'm not ashamed of a messy bun I
love a messy bun I love messy hair over
like just perfectly quaffed hair I feel
like washed is a word right and I don't
get to use quaffed enough but this will
be like a more sleek kind of put
together wavy look for the holidays I
hit myself in the face I did also as you
can hear like I'm still sick it is
hanging on for dear life I don't feel
bad I just really sound bad I feel like
it's like a like especially when I wake
up in the morning I don't even have a
voice before we get all this put
together I quickly want to mention to
you guys my last audible recommendation
for this year I believe I know that I
said that in my last video but I'm
pretty sure that this is the last one
you guys know that I've been partnered
with audible for ever I feel like we
have our own little audio book club here
which I'm really into so I'm currently
listening it to the great gatsby it's
really good because it's read by Jake
Gyllenhaal and his voice is really
really soothing and relaxing so
currently right now because it's the
holiday season audible is running a
special where you can get three months
of audible for only 695 I'm pretty sure
that's like more than half off the
original price of audible so you can get
one audiobook and two audible originals
all you have to do is go to audible.com
slash Nicol they have an unmatched
selection of books literally whatever
you want they have it there's never a
time that I've
search for an audio book on audible that
I haven't been able to find it so again
if you want to try audible for yourself
you can go to audible.com slash Nicol or
you can text Nicole to 500 500
it's literally the best thing in the
world for relaxing your mind because it
just like transports you into the book
well for me for me it does I always say
this but whatever book I'm listening to
I'm the main character step that's fine
I have not finished Great Gatsby yet I
have I think I have about two hours left
obviously I mean I do know the story I
just like listening to the audiobook
because I feel like the audiobook it's
just always better than the movie like
there's just so much more detail in the
audio books so I absolutely love audible
I highly highly recommend it if you have
not listened to an audiobook you're
missing out like really let me just give
you a little snippet of Jake
Gyllenhaal's voice reading this book
because it sounds so good it was blood I
exclaimed what's funny she turned her
head as there was a light dignified
knocking at the front door I went out
and opened it Gatsby pale as death with
his hands plunged like weights in his
coat pockets was standing in a puddle of
water glaring tragically into my eyes
that's it that's what you get I never
realized like how good Jake Gyllenhaal
is voice was but okay so here's my hair
I washed it two days ago and I just let
it air dry so it's a little on the rough
side okay it's a little on the struggle
bus so actually it doesn't look that bad
but this is just how my hair dries I I
haven't even I haven't even brushed it
in like two days so let me let me give
it a little brush through also a tip for
brushing your hair you should always
start at the ends of your hair and work
your way up I can never bring your brush
from here and like pull it straight down
should always start at the ends and just
work your way up if you want like a
little bit less breakage in your hair
I'm using a wet brush to brush my hair
even when my hair is dry I usually
always use a wet brush because I have
extensions as you guys know and just
feel like the wet brush pulls your hair
like a lot less than
like regular brushwood and this one is
from Kristin s I got this guy from
Target also if I know I'm going to give
my hair away like if I'm gonna use this
like triple barrel curling iron then I
just let my hair air dry because I just
like it's more natural texture so then
after I have it all brushed out I'm
gonna spray it with a little bit of dry
shampoo my two favorite ones that I use
are from that piece I know that they
make dark tone dry shampoos but I just
personally don't like them because I
like to get in and like to change it you
know like really work the dry shampoo
into the hair so it's like doing its job
and absorbing the oil and sometimes I
feel like when I use a dark tone dry
shampoo that it gets all over my fingers
and like I'm not down with that it'll
like stain like my nails underneath my
nails and I'm just like no we don't like
that so don't be like turned off by dry
shampoos at art dark tone if you have
dark hair because if you work them in
enough you won't have like that dry you
won't have that white cast that some dry
shampoos can give you it's like so hard
to talk y'all the two that I like the
most are the volumizing dry shampoo and
the hydrating dry shampoo I'm gonna use
the hydrating one today I'm just gonna
really spray it just call my dear I need
to get my extensions moved up like if
you can see that it's like a piece of
string right there
but you can see like it needs to be like
all the way up here alright let that sit
there for a second and then I'll just
start kind of working it in this one's
nice because it is an invisible formula
so you don't get the white cast and I
don't have to worry about the dark tone
like staining my fingers I use dry
shampoo almost every single day cuz I
usually wash my hair like only once or
twice a week so I use dry shampoo almost
every single day of my life and I just I
can't live I can't live without it give
it another brush through because
obviously we can beat it oh I get a lot
of questions on what kind of hair
extensions I wear as well currently I'm
wearing Monaco
hair extensions like the salon that I go
to is called Monaco salon and it's in
Tampa Florida but they have their own
brand of hair extensions so my hair is
basically a soin they're called hand
tied hair extensions but it's basically
a soin you can see the entire weft is
here so usually so it starts up here as
you can see I definitely need to get my
extensions moved up I love a hand tied
hair extension this is the only method
now that I will ever use when you first
get your hair put in it literally looks
like it's growing out of your scalp
it's a little tight the first couple of
days I'm not gonna lie but the removal
process is the fastest ever there's no
residue or anything left in your hair a
lot of people asked if I notice any kind
of damage to my hair and the answer is
no just as long as you go to somebody
that actually knows what they're doing
there's a lot of people that are just
now learning how to do the hand-tied
method and if they don't put enough
beads in your hair to support the weight
of the weft evenly then you may find
that it's a little tugging or a little
pulley
but like I've never had that issue ever
I have tried every single extension
there is whether it be a tape in a clip
in a sew in a bonded in glued in and
this is really the only method that I've
ever really really really really loved I
feel like if you've never got it before
you might be like ow when they're
putting your hair in but you get used to
it I just realized that my so I recently
got a new triple barrel waver this one
is the Golden Hot 100 and then I've
always recommend it to you guys is this
one from Amazon now I do like this one
but I find that it takes a really long
time to heat up like I have to turn this
thing on literally when I start doing my
makeup for it to be ready to do my hair
and sometimes I feel like I have to hold
it in my hair for too long this one
heats up so fast and I only have to hold
it in my hair for a few seconds I just
split my hair down the middle and then
work like this on one section and then
the other so we're gonna take this front
section first the way that I like to do
it is have the flat part back like
facing my face and then we're just gonna
give it a squeeze and like you see how
this hair already has a little bit of
texture in it that helps and I just
follow the little loop like you know
don't worry about this crease right here
I'll show you what I do to kind of make
it look not so clumsy there but I
probably hold it in for 5 10 seconds
each one the longer you hold it in the
more define your wave will be and then I
always push it up like you see so it's
like cooling in that form and that s
warm skipped one
it's funny cuz I have a lot of people
ask me if this is a crimper and the
answer is no a crimper is more like a
tea style I do have a crimper but that's
more it's a very tight tight crimp like
a very tight wave so I mean if you want
to compare hair girls get into it who am
I to tell you not to grip your hair but
this is not a crimper this is your
waiver I told you guys on my Instagram
that I had a pretty traumatic hair
experience and that's why I've been
wearing my extensions like non-stop like
usually I would take like a break and go
back between short hair and long hair
but I told you that I had a pretty
dramatic experience not dramatic
traumatic I should say and yeah I
basically got a chemical haircut and
these front pieces of my hair were like
up to here like these back pieces which
are still kind of growing out I mean
he's pretty long now but he was like
right here and this was like over a year
ago it literally happened right before I
got on a plane to LA for beautycon my
hair was like Doug is the best easiest
way that I can say it basically the
bleached fat left on my hair way too
long
and it just chemically cut my hair if
you don't know what a chemical cut is
you are one of the lucky ones but it's
when the bleach just fries all your hair
off so when I started using the
hand-tied hair extensions I noticed that
my hair was actually growing because the
removal process was just so easy I
literally have not turned back since as
you can see my front pieces are way
longer like they were literally like
right at my eye oh and thank God for
hair extensions after that because I
don't know if I would have made it to
beautycon but I literally had extensions
to like right here like they were
literally at my scalp like this so a lot
of people are like I don't remember that
when when was this and thank God for my
stylist now like she was just like the
saving grace and she brought my hair
back to life and that is Krista at
Monaco salon
so I'm just like so thankful for her
yeah long story short if you feel like
the bleach has been on your hair for too
long then say something I should
actually said something because I was
just sitting there like is anybody gonna
take this on my head I will never ever
ever in my whole life do another full
head of bleach on my scout like from
from root to tip like never again like I
will never know like one time was enough
for me
your girl learned her lesson there is no
need if I ever want to have blonde hair
I'll just literally throw a wig in okay
okay dun dun dun I want it to be
December already so that I can start
watching Christmas movies because beep
says we can't watch Christmas movies
till December you know we watch the
other night we watched Once Upon a Time
in Hollywood which I'm a Quentin
Tarantino fan okay I loved all of his
movies that he's ever made I think that
they're really really great and Once
Upon a Time in Hollywood was not like I
I have no words okay so I'm just gonna
turn my hair shirt around real quick
just to get rid of these like little
lumps right there in the front I'm just
gonna smooth it out a little not a lot
because I want the crinkle there I just
don't want it to be so aggressive you
see how like it's a little flatter now
cuz like I want the bend up there but I
don't there that's better
like I said sometimes the the little I
call it a lump but sometimes it doesn't
bother me today it was
I'm gonna take some mousse and this
we're gonna use to give it like a more
sleek effect in my other video I just
kind of brushed out my waves so that it
was like like a poof which I'm into too
but I'm gonna give you guys a little
more sleek option so I'm just gonna take
a little bit of hair mousse try a little
bit I mean like a lot of it yeah yeah
and then we're just gonna work this
through the hair to kind of enhance the
wave and just make it a little more
sleek
and like wet so if you have nails this
is when they come in really handy I'm
just gonna do the one side first oh cool
you can also use like a styling cream
for this you can use hair oil for this
you can keep adding mousse like you can
literally make your hair look like it's
soaking what if you add a bunch of
mousse to it but if you don't want to go
for the wet look and you just want a
little bit of a more sleek put together
wave you can leave it like this I have
put a ton in so you can see the
difference like this side just has more
it's just more poofy you know like the
wave is a little more and over here it's
a little more it's just another option
you have when using your waver like you
can go really big and poof or you can go
like sleek and wet also if you have hair
extensions it helps the mousse really
helps to hide your shorter pieces like
in with your hair
and that ish that nobody knows that you
didn't wash your hair for a couple days
you have good texture good control good
shine ha I love wearing it like this I
had a lot of questions from you guys
when car posted this picture from
Halloween my hair kind of had this like
wavy wet weave you wet vibe and it's
basically all you have to do again if
you want it to go for like a really wet
look like you just got out of the ocean
or you know Kim K Met Gala vibes then
you could dowse like a whole bottle of
mousse in your hair and it would still
look really really cute so that is it
for me I don't think I have anything
else to tell you guys except I love you
and I will see you super soon in another
video bye guys
