oh my god
movie you're thinking about ghost
stories and then the housewives just
start out of nowhere okay we back it's
2019 and we are how many days are we in
2019 six a day oh no how that happened
time is still moving quickly I see so
today we are going to just kind of do
like a chitchat make up look a situation
I guess that's what we can call it so
let's moisturize while we chat so I'm
not much drives my skin with the summer
fridays jetlag masks this is just what
I've been using as of lately to really
hydrate my skin because it's been dry
and I got a facial a couple of days ago
and we've been working up my skin to
kind of handle like stronger peels so I
feel like after I get a facial I get a
peel I'm just a little more dry mainly
like in this section here so this jetlag
mask is super duper hydrating and I
really like that you can put it on
underneath your eyes you can also put it
on over your eyes a lot of products are
crazy about putting it around your eyes
but this one you don't have to worry
about kind of want to do another one of
those like smokey eye situations but
with like color I also want to use I
love how to use new palette which is
through my eyes it's with a color pop
this guy here so we're just gonna we're
gonna let that sink in a second I don't
like to put my makeup on oh right away
when I put that on because it is a
little bit of a heavier mass so I like
to let it sink in a little bit so I've
just been kind of organizing my life I
want to kind of get a new set up
happening like more life styles so I'm
trying to reorganize this room so that I
can have like a space where I film with
backgrounds because sometimes I just
want to play in background I don't want
to be looking at all the stuff behind me
and sometimes I want more like a
lifestyle background you guys know that
I have the little shelves that are up
behind here but I don't know the little
shelves just kind of get on my nerves as
well
so I'm trying to figure out a new setup
that like I enjoy sitting in front of I
hope you guys new years was amazing I
just kind of chilled we just kind of
stayed at the house I've been
celebrating for a really long time and I
was like I'm not mm-hmm I'm not going
out like going out on New Year's Eve is
like just sketchy to me they're just so
many humans out and about should I put a
primer on today or do I just want to
leave the gelatin I think I just want to
leave the jetlag mask because it also
kind of creates like a sticky base on
your skin which is great for like
holding makeup I'm torn if I want to do
the infallible foundation stick because
I'm obsessed with this foundation do we
want to try this or do we want to sit
with our stick hmm
they all look exactly the same my
allergies have also been out of control
I think we're gonna go with the stick
foundation I love a stick foundation it
shows a lot of stick foundations get
really oily on me quickly but this one I
find that it doesn't wear as quickly on
me like I really like the Lancome one I
like the Tarte one I just find that they
like so I'm gonna stick with this guy
today
so I took a person I like his house a
couple weeks ago I think I posted it on
Instagram but it said that I was 76%
introverted and I was like tell me
something narrow it was just validation
though sometimes I'll tell people that
I'm introverted and they're like no
you're not and I'm like you just I
obviously can like turn the charm on on
on you - but it's ask questions like
would you go up and introduce yourself
to people and as I can know like I'll
see people that I know in the grocery
store and I'll just like turn the corner
I'm like I don't
okay so we're just gonna buff this out
I'm using it in the shade 406 I'll link
the personality test that I took in the
bottom bar if you guys are curious like
what your personality is I found it
really cool a lot of people want to know
what my what is it called my something
number which I haven't taken that test
yet
I always like to put my foundation down
onto my neck especially like if I had a
lot of skin showing yeah I wanted to do
like the tape look again and I just put
my foundation on okay so we leave for
Cabo
Tuesday morning and I think we come back
Friday and we're home for like five days
and then we go to LA so we have a lot of
traveling coming up but that's good
because then it's like interesting [ __ ]
for the vlog instead of just like me
chilling at the house eating bagels I
haven't had a bagel in a really long
time though side note I'm gonna do these
brows are really quick and then I'll
come back and we'll start working on our
eyes right so I'm kind of bummed that I
forgot that I wanted to use tape I just
really liked that look I think it's
because I hadn't done a winged eyeliner
in forever
and I just I don't know I want to try to
do it again
so we're gonna practice our skill
together I have a little bit of the P
Louise base on my lids just like pulled
down from my brows like underneath to
pull the base like all the way down
around my eye so I'm gonna use a little
tape even though we have our foundation
on I'll just fix it when we're done so
again I'm just going to put it on the
back of my hand and pull it up so it's
just not super sticky so I just kind of
follow my lower lash line and then
that's how I line the tape up all right
so we're gonna use the I love study and
color pop collab this is her through my
eyes collection and it just looks so
gorgeous
alright so I'm first gonna go in with
misbehave so I'm just pushing this color
onto my eye I'm not really worried about
blending yet I just want to get that
color on there and I have a little bit
of a hooded eye so I have to be sure
that I'm getting that color in the
crease as well so just pushing color on
to our eye again not worried about
blending yet just want to make sure that
color is saturated on the lid now I'm
gonna just start kind of blending that
whose color is gorgeous so I'm just kind
of softening these edges
you know how it is it's just back and
forth of adding color and blending color
out taking a brush that has no product
on it yeah it's really hard for me to
talk and do my makeup like why I'm just
still working with misbehave going back
and forth just adding color to intensify
and then taking like a brush it really
doesn't have any product on it to just
helped further blend this [ __ ] out I
really like to do looks that don't
involve like the ton of eyeshadow is
happening so I'm gonna take this Divina
shade on a little pencil and then we're
gonna place this like on our outer wing
area I'm sorry that I get so low like I
gotta get like all up in my freakin
mirror this is like a deep plum II shade
and I'm not gonna run it all the way
across the lid just about like halfway
so I'm gonna take it like
[Music]
I still be like a cute Valentine's Day
look since the stores already want to
have other balance hiring a [ __ ] out
already a little more so I'm gonna add a
little bit of this shimmer to it
nothing crazy I'm not gonna cut the
crease or nothin I just want to add a
little bit and then just kind of soften
that edge around it and then we can pull
this tape off see actually it was like
bothersome I'm just gonna take a makeup
wipe and clean this I'm gonna take our
foundation and just like a tiny brush
just to clean this up so let's do this
other eye but like super quick sore like
no makeup so makeup I have two different
shaped eyes I don't know if you guys
know that but like this eye is just way
smaller than my other eye why do you
guys have to do achieved eyes is there
one eye that you guys are better at than
your other like this is my struggle eye
I think it's cause it's my smaller I'm
also not putting any way around my face
is just itchy so I've been getting a lot
of questions about my ear piercings
because I did get the majority of them
like SuperDuper close to each other so
all of these like from here up are new
this isn't a piercing if it was it'd be
a conch piercing which is this guy over
here so this guy is legit this guy is
just a little ear cuff they were super
painful a lot of people asked on a scale
of like one to ten what the pain
threshold was and I say it's like a
eight or a nine and I was really
surprised that like my third lobe
piercing hurts so much it was like
almost the same pain level as like a
cartilage so these guys are called helix
this guy is a conch and same on the
other side so these guys are helix as
well a lot of you were like I can't
believe you have an uneven number of
piercings in your ear because I have six
on the side and I only have five on this
side so I put the little cuff to make me
feel even on both sides the guy that I
went to actually Pierce's you with
really nice
I've been wanting to get my ears pierced
for a really long time but I didn't know
like a piercer to go to that had a nice
story and then my girl that does my
nails went to him and so I just feel
lucky that I found this guy that's why I
got the majority of them all at once
because like I said if I'm there and
during the pain just give it to me
otherwise I'm not gonna come back okay
wait let's do some stuff before we get
it going because I can honestly just sit
here and chat that's why it's really
hard for me to do like chatty videos cuz
I'll just sit here and not do my makeup
and then I'll do my makeup and we won't
have anything to talk about so for
lashes I'm gonna wear the new ones from
batty B lashes in the style saucy these
guys are hella long but we're gonna go
with these I do have a vlog about it
um if you guys want to watch it you can
essentially like see him piercing my ear
this is so itchy y'all and then I went
back like two weeks later and got my
third hole pierced and then this other
helix Pierce cuz I just felt like this
ear was just like I needed to up here
since I had to over here I needed to up
here as well I think it's like $40.00 a
piercing like a $40 a hole and then
whatever the price of jewelry is I just
took tiny they're on Friday to get her
bellybutton pierced because she's been
wanting it alright let me tell you guys
about these like ghostly encounters I
feel like I've been having so you guys
know my girl Matt passed away she passed
away in May and I I don't know that's
her or not
I'm hoping it's not I talked to whoever
it was the other day in the bathroom
because that's where the majority of the
creepy stuff has been happening to me
and I feel like it's the whatever was
there is not there anymore so I was in
there like two weeks ago blow-drying my
hair and I all of a sudden got like a
really weird feeling I'm getting like
nervous talking about this right now but
I'm not home alone be used out in the
living room because out in the living
room use it out in the living room so
whenever I tell the story I get like
goosebumps
they're like starting to happen right
now okay so I'm in the bathroom I'm
blow-drying my hair and I get like a
weird feeling and I'm like I stopped
blow-drying my hair and I like look in
the bathroom and I'm like alright it's
not being paranoid just freaking
blow-dry your hair not even home alone
so I go back to blow-drying my hair and
I me okay so you so say I'm here over
here I have my head upside down and I
see like a shadow like cross the floor
right
like what the [ __ ] and I turned my
blow-dryer off and I'm just like looking
I'm like waving my blow-dryer like all
around like flipping my hair trying to
like recreate the shadow but my shadow
is like a very light shadow as I'm
blow-drying and this shadow was like a
black I've goosebumps all over my body a
black shadow that like across the floor
and I was just like okay I'm done good
click click trend blow dryer off and I
just like left the bathroom and I didn't
go back and like all the rest of the
night I was using the other bathroom let
me put my lash on that's cute I'm
paranoid the whole night I won't go back
in the bathroom cuz I just feel weird
like someone is looking at me
so time goes on like another week goes
by and there's other partners on the
part so Beebe's is very like I don't
believe in that [ __ ]
bla bla bla I'm not scared he's not
scared of anything but after that
happened I didn't even tell him that I
saw the black shadow in the bathroom I
was just like okay I'm just gonna
pretend like it didn't happen I'm just
gonna chill he tells me he gets up
really early he gets a bit like
something o'clock in the morning he
tells me that he's up one morning after
the black shadow and that he's in the
kitchen feeding the cats and we have
like like where our kitchen is if you
like a look this way there's like um
just like a hallway that goes like back
to the other bedrooms he says that he
looks and he sees someone like go past
like in the hallway and he's just like
what the [ __ ] so he goes and he goes
and he looks and he's like is there
someone in the house and I'm like what
oh god I'm hearing noises so he sees he
thinks he sees something walk past him
in the morning which freaks me out too
like the tenth degree because he's never
been like oh I saw a creepy ass shadow
and he didn't even know that I saw the
shadow in the bathroom so so then I'm
like extra freaked out I'm like I don't
want to go in the bathroom I just feel
weird when I'm in the bathroom and it's
always just in the bathroom in our
bedroom and I'm just like alright I need
to talk to whoever is here like I feel
like if it was nan that I wouldn't feel
scared or maybe I would just because
anything like that kind of like freaks
me out a little bit like the feeling I
don't know it it gives me the willies
so I don't know if it wasn't in but I I
don't I don't know who else it would
have been but I'm in the bathroom again
blow-drying my hair and I feel creepy
this is last Sunday when Biebs isn't
here he's out watching football so I'm
here by myself I just finished riding
the peloton and I was like oh [ __ ] why
did I ride this here while I was by
myself because like obviously needs to
go get in the shower because I'm dying
so I go I take a shower I'm fine I'm
like trying to sing to myself and
distract myself and then I get out I go
I said on the couch and I come back into
the bathroom to blow-dry my hair ok
maybe it's the blow-dry hurt y'all so
I'm blow-drying my hair did it all of a
sudden I get like the weird feeling so I
cut the blow-dryer off and I'm just like
standing in the bathroom and I wear my
grandma's necklace her cross that she
has I don't have it on right now cuz
it's actually in the bathroom but when
I'm not wearing it I hang it on this
light that's like on our mirror and I'm
just like standing there and I'm like
looking around the bathroom and I like
come back this way to look in the mirror
and the damn cross is like this just
swing in full speed like at a hundred
miles an hour and I'm just like [ __ ]
this click turn off the blow-dryer and I
left the damn bathroom again it's like
it's like a feeling that someone is
close and they're looking at you but
there's no one there like there's nobody
in the bathroom obviously I'm in the
house by myself the alarm is on so the
other day I went into the bathroom and I
was like whoever's in here you know you
have passed you've moved on you're kind
of freaking me out and I'd appreciate it
if I could blow dry my hair in peace and
I haven't felt any like creepy vibes in
the bathroom as of lately okay I don't
know if it was nan I honestly don't know
I I hope that it was her cuz that would
make me happy but also I don't want her
like wandering around like go home man
go home
so I don't know it freaked me out more
when Beebe said that he saw like a
shadow walk by because he doesn't he's
not like into that [ __ ] I think it's a
wig but now I'm scared I feel like I
gotta open my door let me get this damn
flash on so this brush doesn't have
anything on it I'm just kind of blending
those edges just a little more I told
you that I told you the lashes right
yeah now I'm like all distracted I'm
paranoid
so if we're concealer today I'm gonna
use visual
essential high-coverage liquid concealer
I'm gonna use two shades I use toast and
a little bit of lace toast is like my
main shade that I use or gonna pop a
little bit of this under the eyes so
then we're just gonna blend this when I
go for like a more natural look this is
the the only shade that I will use
because it's basically the color of the
foundation it just adds a little bit
more coverage underneath the eyes where
my dark circles are just kind of poking
through and then I'll just take our
foundation brush and then just tap over
that just to pick up any excess product
that's there because that's usually why
creasing happens as you just have a
little too much product underneath your
eyes and you haven't blended it out
completely so if you feel like you do
crease
maybe just try concentrating on blending
and then see if that works so I'm gonna
take a little bit of lace and I'm just
gonna do a dot because this concealer is
in depth the brightest part I just like
here like right under my eye don't need
the coverage I just like a brighter
under eye if I have a lot of eye shadow
happening on top I'm just using love
light pressure I actually think I'm
gonna set with the airspun instead of
the Charlotte Tilbury just cuz it smells
a lot better this is an honey beige so
it has a little bit of a pink tinge to
it which I like light pressure light
pressure light pressure so good light
pressure is your friend when doing
makeup with all things like your eye
shadow everything so for my bronzer
today I'm gonna use this Khloe and
Malika Becca bffs palette and I'm gonna
try this bronzer here a little light but
I feel like it's buildable so in this
palette there's also blushes and a
highlighter but I'm not gonna use the
blushes today because they're just a
little more on the warm orangie side and
that's just not the vibe that we've got
going so for blush I'm going to use the
Patrick Starr knack and this is taking
me home I really like this but we're
gonna do like a combo of the two shades
we're
if it's intense we're gonna tone it down
but I like a lot of blush oh my gosh I
think it will just take the brush that
we put our powder on with and go over
that kind of pushing it in I don't know
if you guys can like tell the difference
between this chic and this chic because
should always looks different on camera
than real life I'm going to take my
k'kaw Beauty powder and this flat brush
is this all it is a setting powder brush
so that works perfect it's from dose of
colors and we're gonna add this
underneath the eye just to make it a
little brighter and pull it down onto
our blush because I just feel like it
creates like this perfect seamless blend
from under eye to blush sometimes I can
see people's like lying right there
which I can see mine right there but
here I can't I'm gonna take a black
liner this is just from makeup forever
it's you fastest one I could find
and I'm just going to get in my
waterline I've been trying to get in my
waterline a lot more because I like how
it looks I just don't like touching my
waterline with [ __ ] so I've been just
trying because the more you do something
the you know more custom you get to it I
don't really like this pencil what's not
know maybe it's a little dry I just
don't like when you have to push hard
and I feel like I'm pushing harder like
and I'm also going to take a little bit
of it underneath the lash line as well I
take that same dark purple shade in the
palette that we used on our outer corner
and run that first underneath my lower
lash line and then we're gonna take
misbehave I'm like a little pencil brush
and just add that under there as well
chicory
I feel like sore would be a good here we
go score this used to be like my go-to
pencil so how I over a line is I mainly
just concentrate the over a lining like
here like on my Cupid's bow and then you
want to pull everything back to your
natural lip line like the further down
you get and then I don't like my Cupid's
bow to be like so pointed in the middle
so I kind of do a little line here which
I think helps them look a little more
full in comparison to win it's just like
a straight pointy Cupid's bow and I'm
gonna take
5:35 don't judge me and put that over
top then I like to take a little lip
brush just to kind of help it along so I
hit the edges first blend it in not
blended and then we're gonna use mama
star kiss which is again from Patrick
Starr I didn't mean that and if you have
not guessed already I love a
monochromatic look one time I was like
oh I love him on a tone look and then I
was like wait a minute this not that's
not right thanks for hanging out with me
why we did our makeup um I don't think I
have anything else to tell you guys no
mm-hmm I don't have anything else to
tell you guys except yes I have a gap in
my teeth I'm probably gonna go take all
this makeup off and get my ass on the
peloton cuz it's been two days and if
you go longer than two days it's like
just so much harder to get back on the
bike so I love you guys and I will see
you super soon in another video bye guys
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
