hello and welcome back I would just die
myself in the face
hello welcome back to my channel so I am
actually getting ready to go run some
errands because we are leaving for
Yosemite tomorrow well again not
actually if somebody we're going to San
Fran first and then like road trippin to
somebody but I just like to say Yosemite
so I need to go run some errands I need
to go to the grocery shor what I need to
go to the grocery store to make sure the
house is stocked up because we have a
house sitter and I just like to have
food in the house for her and then I
need to go to Target I actually don't
remember what I needed to go to the
target for so I'm hoping by the end of
this video it comes back to me but I
thought that I would sit down and film
and show you guys my quick out-the-door
makeup look the main focus of this is
going to be makeup forever a matte
velvet skin blurring powder foundation
which I do have a whole video on I think
I called it like the world's greatest
powder foundation and I still stand by
that claim I do think this is the
world's best powder foundation but I
didn't do my whole face in that video so
I figure we could just kind of you know
put it all together and show you what
will work with so in all my powder
foundation videos I always mentioned
that I like to prep my skin as and
moisturize it like 3040 minutes before I
put on my powder foundation cuz just for
me it works better that way so this
morning when I got up I moisturize my
face with this drunk elephant whipped
cream so that has been sinking into the
skin for probably 40 minutes or so now
and we can move straight in to our
powder foundation just for me I feel
like if I moisturize right before I put
on my powder foundation that it can be a
little sticky in certain spots and it's
not as smooth of an application but to
each their own you can do it any which
way you want to do it so we're gonna
move straight on to the main star of the
show which again is the makeup forever a
matte velvet skin blurring powder
foundation and I'm gonna use mine in the
shade r 330 now the powder foundation on
myself is super magical but I also think
the magic lies and the little applicator
sponge I was never really one for these
little applicator sponge but this guy
just oh he's just so good so I'm gonna
go ahead and unplug hmmm I don't know
what it is about this actual powder
foundation itself but it does such an
amazing job at like blurring out your
pores if you do have visible pores on
your face it's really good at
color correcting any redness that you
have on your face and it keeps you matte
the entire day but it still looks really
natural on your skin which I love so I'm
just gonna do this one side of the face
so that you guys can see if you missed
that world's a greatest powder
foundation video it just is such a
dramatic difference to me like this side
just looks so smooth and poreless and it
really just keeps you matte all day long
but still has a really natural look to
it it does a really good job at
absorbing oils too and like you can just
keep layering this I never feel like it
looks too heavy or too cakey on the skin
follow me in my shirt but it is honestly
crazy how much coverage you get from
this powder foundation like still blown
away by it every time I use it this guy
is available at Sephora and Sephora
inside JCPenney I don't know what I
would ever do without it I basically
gave up all my other powder foundations
for this powder foundation just because
it's so good and it's really easy to
throw it in your bag and go so this is
kind of like my go-to travel makeup look
also I don't always wear makeup to the
airport but sometimes if I'm just
feeling like a little too zombie like I
will throw some of this powder
foundation on just to kind of control my
oil and the coverage is crazy okay it's
insane so I'm gonna do a little bit of
brow should really go get my brows down
right it's been so long but I'm just
like I can live with these and I'm gonna
use the benefit precisely my brow pencil
which is my favorite brow pencil quickly
go ahead and just fill some of this in
it's not gonna be like my full brow that
I usually do but I just want to add a
little bit to kind of enhance the shape
you can kind of cover up some of these
hairs and then I'm gonna brush them up a
little bit just for a more fluffy effect
so I just use any kind of gel I just
find that brow gel doesn't work for me
so I'm just gonna use this guy which is
a it's really for your edges but I use
it on my brows now this is called edge
booster and it's a stronghold water
based pomade I like how small is because
I can travel with this when I used to
use like that big gel I could never take
it with me because it was
Oh huge and I would forget it and I'd be
so mad when I went to go brush up my
brows and I didn't have it oh I'm gonna
take a little bit of this benefit
creaseless concealer this is in the
shade 5 so it's not super bright and I'm
gonna put some little dots in here and
I'm just gonna swirl that kind of rate
where that darkest part of my under-eye
is in that corner I'm also not gonna set
this under-eye concealer I'm just gonna
leave it because I don't feel like it
needs to be set because there's powder
under there okay and then I'm gonna do
just a little bit of bronzer on my lids
and on my cheeks just to kind of add
some color back to the face so this is
the lawless summer skin velvet matte
bronzer in the shade Gold's and our
really really love this blush bronzer I
mean kind of just adding it all around
like the perimeter of the face again
we're just trying to bring back some
color so we just don't look so flat and
then for blush I'm still rockin with my
jus a palette and I'm gonna go with this
like really pinky shade and then before
we move on and put any mascara on I'm
gonna give my face a spray this is the
Urban Decay all nighter spray I just
this is just like this summer when they
come out with and don't be stingy on the
spray okay
go for it now I'm gonna take just a dry
Beauty Blender and kind of push that
into this again this will just ensure
that you look like skin from mascara I'm
gonna use this cosmetics
lash a blowout with a little bit of the
volume stylus from essence I don't want
that one actually I want the volume
stylist is the curl and hold mascara
from essence but yeah I like this one
the curl and hold a little more than the
lash extension we're basically done I
don't really put mascara on the bottom
of my
ashes if I know that I'll be running
errands cuz I get like hot and sweaty
out there and if I have no Sierra on my
lower lashes it just ends up running
down my face so I'm gonna leave that
alone and we're gonna do a quick a
little lip I've come to the point in my
life where I cannot live without lip
liner it just is always on my lips if I
have makeup on the one that I'm really
obsessed with right now is actually
Carly's lip liner Bible but I'm not
gonna wear that one today because it's a
little it's a little too much for the
day so I'm gonna use subculture today
usually my go-to is strips down but this
one has like a very similar tone to it
if you're fairer than me though I don't
know if this will work for you you know
what this might actually be too light
for me this shade is like lighter than
my actual lip this one which is this
Malibu does anybody else's Kylie lip
liners do this because that that's cool
right all right and then for my actual
lip I'm gonna do a little bit of leave
me breathless which is a super nude
we're just gonna blend that in and then
on top it's my favorite which is my
Tweety I love this 1g situation and then
on top I'm gonna use Mac's cream Sheen
in boy B lastly I'm just going to curl
these lashes so they stand up a little
more and aren't so like e they're more
like this is my final face usually it
takes me about 20 minutes or so to do
this face I'm not gonna front be like oh
my god do the space in five minutes no I
can't but this is the face that I
usually do like if we're running errands
or anything like that or if I'm taking a
little more extra time and I'm going to
the airport at like a night flight this
is the face that I'll do but I always
take my makeup off when I get on the
actual plane itself it's not really good
to be like on a long-ass flight with
like make a bond in that recycled air so
if I do our makeup to the airport I do
end up taking it off when I get on the
plane thing that takes the longest is
honestly my eyebrows so some days I'll
just skip that and put a little brow gel
in them and be gone and going I just it
for me so I'm gonna go run my errands I
am blogging so you guys will have some
vlogs soon and I'm off to Yosemite so
that is it for me I don't have anything
else to tell you guys except I love you
and I will see you super soon in a new
video bye guys
