anytime the cameras on this man is here
good morning actually it's probably not
even morning I think it's probably
closer to you good afternoon
so I'm waiting for my mom to come over
she should be on her way over now and
we're gonna go hit home goods and see
what they got hello
she actually just walked in so I'm gonna
take you guys with me because a lot of
you guys in my dams are like plug it and
I was like yeah absolutely so even
though I have I feel like almost all the
trees that HomeGoods has to offer we're
gonna go take a look see what they got
[Music]
right
yes yes yes yes yes come on actually
it's probably afternoon it is Wednesday
my dudes and we got home from Disney
World yesterday I took Evelyn for her
sixth birthday her birthday was November
1st but we didn't want to go like the
day after Halloween or anything like
that so we went on a Tuesday it was
actually really perfect I didn't vlog or
anything because one it's hard to bring
this camera in my little teeny-tiny
backpack and - I just wanted to spend
the day with my tiny nugget I'm probably
gonna decorate tomorrow well I'm gonna
pull all my stuff out tomorrow lay it
out see what I got and then put it all
up which I'm really excited about okay I
don't have like an actual Christmas tree
anymore because last year the kittens
broke it they like ripped of the bottom
piece so the bottom piece doesn't stand
up so I'm debating on whether or not I
want to get a Christmas tree or if I
just want to put up like my Christmas
like my mini Christmas trees all over
but I don't know what do you guys think
should I put up a pretty sure there's
some really cute ones at that Christmas
store where you're at the other day
which if you live in my area or just
like Pinellas County in general it is
called Roberts Christmas wonderland it
is open year-round but obviously it
starts popping off around December so
the sooner you go the better because we
went last year and a lot of the stuff
was sold out because I didn't I don't
know I just was like I don't know why I
come earlier so we went last week with
my mom and tiny and it was packed in
there so we're gonna go check out this
at home place I need to take some
medicine because Disney World all those
tiny humans that were there yeah I'm
gonna pop some echinacea and then
absolutely not morning it is I think
around 1:30 I took down all my normal
decorations like all my crystals and all
that stuff to prep for putting out our
Christmas decor
unfortunately Pheebs hasn't moved this
TV yet I tried to move around myself but
it was a little heavy
[ __ ] is strong but I'm not that strong
and my arms aren't that wide so I'm
gonna bust out all my Christmas trees
and start setting and it's also a lot of
work and detail that goes into putting
out the Christmas decorations so I want
to have them up for more than 30 days
okay
I'll be taking the [ __ ] down around
January 6 so let's get all these trees
out ready break a sweat where you break
a sweat cuz imma be sweating
can't even see me now because it's so
bright
can you see Casey you can't see me oh
that's way better
well I love the light playing us over
there about to fill this entire table
[Music]
why anything miniature use is not all
these damn trees over I've been laughing
Bebe's is finally home so let's move
this television so I can set up my sheep
[Music]
and it's actually kind of chilly outside
like okay chilly as in like I don't know
70 degrees maybe I feel like the weather
did it just for me cuz I knew I wanted
to decorate for Christmas so I was like
let's give her a little chill in the air
it's not cold but it's not hot so it's
around 10:20 today is the day that we're
finally gonna put all the Christmas
decorations out and when I say we I'm
referring to me and you and I'm gonna go
bust out my two other containers when
Christmas is over this year I will show
you guys how I store a lot of my
Christmas trees it allowed to be next
year where'd you wants to say hello
whenever the cameras on I don't know if
I told you guys about it but I was
talking to RG a lot yesterday and I was
asking if I should get another Christmas
trips it's a little less but I was
asking my IG stories yesterday if I
should get another Christmas tree and we
all decided yes I should get another
Christmas tree so I'm not really worried
about the cats climbing the tree this
year I just need to find a Christmas
tree I was talking about maybe getting a
flocked one but a lot of you were
telling me that one it's like super
duper messy and to the white stuff that
comes off the tree can be toxic to cats
and that's the reason that I won't get a
real Christmas tree is because the tree
the Christmas trees can be toxic to your
cats as well just be very cautious if
you're like a new cat parent that or
even an old cat parent not like old age
wise just like you had your cat for a
while that a lot of plants and trees and
stuff are toxic to your cats so if they
ingest them I'm sorry buddy I just
busted you in the head
if the cat in just a plant you know it's
gonna happen so just be cautious that's
why everything all the plants that we
have in the house are fake and if anyone
sends me flowers I have to hide the
flowers in the laundry room because
orange this little man right here likes
to chew on flowers I'm gonna get a
coffee in me within like the next hour
so and so when beeps comes home today
it'll really be a winter wonderland are
you excited I just found this Christmas
card it was legit just laying right on
the floor by one of these bins and I
think I've told you guys this before but
my grandma would write me a card for
every single holiday so I picked this
one up off the floor and it said Merry
Christmas Nicky I love you happy new
year love name of Christmas 2015
I just feel like I find these cards at
the most random time and I feel like she
was just here to tell me Merry Christmas
Oh even being here so the majority of
these trees were in the back closet but
I got these huge totes from Home Depot
I'm pretty sure like two years ago and I
just keep my stuff in here and it stores
pretty well I try to light him in to
where things won't break I have never
broken a tree and most of these are made
out of glass so I feel like these bins
are really sturdy plus they don't get
moved around like they've literally just
been sitting in the back room since last
Christmas and everything is intact let's
get into it
it smells like Christmas in there right
so I'm gonna decorate this first usually
I like to start with any kind of
Christmas little I don't know what what
would these be called like art work that
I have because I like to take up the
space on the wall I don't actually hang
anything on the wall because I just
don't want to put holes in the wall as
well I also take pictures of my setup
like from last year so I'm just gonna
take a look to see what it look like I
kind of tweaked it will make it
different like a little different every
year
it makes me sad to go back and look at
pictures because juices and all these
pictures and I haven't really had
something like okay so I lied usually
I've taken pictures of my setup before I
can't believe that I don't have one
picture of my setup last year like I'm
honestly chicken this is not like me
background okay so I just pulled
everything out that was in those two
bins and this is mainly what it was so I
had some extra trees the majority of my
snow globes were in there and then my
little Nutcracker men and then we have
like some gingerbread and like more
little trees over there and then all
these trees that were that are on the
ground or over there as well and I see
somebody said oh this is cleared off for
me this is like one of my new purchases
this year I got this HomeGoods it is so
heavy and I like that it takes up a lot
of the space right here I don't know if
I'm gonna keep it here I might put this
by the front door because it's just so
cute but we'll see how it goes usually I
will lay out my stuff that I like and
then rearrange it like 4,000 times don't
ask me why
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
are you guys are about to die so I'm
gonna go put this on the charger and
then I'll probably tweet this while
you're charging I forgot about you guys
I'm sorry but I did get everything set
up so we'll just go ahead and go through
and show you guys and you just this one
is probably my favorite because this was
my grandmother's tree it just always has
reminded me of Christmas so I have kind
of like knockoff versions of this tree
but this is her original tree it's very
nostalgic to me so I asked my mom if I
could have it and she said yeah so now
she lives here alright so here is the
setup that we've got working over here
I've got some trees I don't know why I
like to do this part first but I do it
stays pretty much the same there are
some new things this gingerbread house
is new that light-up Christmas treat in
the back this it this actually feels
like a candle but it is powered with
batteries she's new and I think
everything else you've had do I have my
pepperoni Christmas tree looks like a
piece of my money pt2 me here is this
setup that we've got working over here
again like last year it's like it's cute
in here I have a lot more light up trees
faux set our piece so we just have some
trees over here and then I do my little
end tables of course and then this setup
is new I usually don't have really much
going on over here
I found these two light-up trees at
HomeGoods and I like to buy things and
doubles so I saw both of them so I said
that should look real quick I usually
run out of ideas by the time I get back
here but I really like how this one came
together this year I think it is my
favorite out of all the years I have set
stuff up
and then last but not least we have the
mantle I usually do the mantle more
traditional like green and red captain
and up there and then over here on this
side this well we got working what's new
up here is mainly this gingerbread house
that I found from that at-home place and
then my niece wanted me to get these
gingerbread cats and I was like I can't
get just one she's like okay we'll get
three and I was like all right let's get
300 so that's what we've got working up
top and I just put some extra trees down
here on the bottle it's wonderful to
have all the Christmas decorations out
I've just been sitting out here in the
big room just admiring it because now
it's getting dark and I just popped
everything on somebody asked me once if
I go around and turn all the things on
yes I just count to see how many trees I
had out and the answer is we're off to
Robert's winter wonderland you don't
know it's like 80 degrees out here it's
again a Christmas tree because I've been
slacking on getting a Christmas tree it
is about to be December this is Black
Friday
phoebs thinks that winter Roberts winter
wonderland is going to be packed you
don't want to leave the house for the
last two years
I just want to get the Christmas tree
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we got a tree now we're heading around
back to pick up our tree
being a little elf gonna come out of
there go get some gas at Costco cuz
Biebs is 50 so when he does some guys go
Costco
[Applause]
what's this thing weigh 400 pounds
fish
you can't brush
ah I want to put up the Christmas tree
Beebe's isn't here and I like to be an
independent ass woman so I'm gonna try
to put it up by myself we'll see how far
I get on my such a guy's here because I
gotta go over there and get the tree
[Music]
the guy said it was really easy to put
it together it's three parts and it
opens like an umbrella he said so let's
see if it's easy or not good to put on a
little holiday movie get me in the mood
still working on the bubble wrap
[Music]
[Applause]
sir
these aren't lit up over here on this
freakin one that's right in the front
sit up cue music now don't keep them
these are bring it copyright I'm trying
to talk to you guys now for like ten
minutes and this allergy attack like who
gets allergy attacks at the end of
November wait I ran out of LED lights
for the tree I think they make the tree
look so beautiful I'm not into the white
Christmas tree anymore I was saying that
to you guys earlier I want my tree to
have possess I want it to be extra cute
wait wait let me turn some lights off
you look at her over there in the
reflection oh I love it but yeah I said
earlier that I didn't want the tree just
to be a basic white tree anymore I
wanted her to have like some pizzazz and
some color so that's why I wanted to do
all these LED lights through her but I
ran out as you could see the bottom of
the tree is not lady like it should be
so I'm gonna head back to Robert's
winter wonderland tomorrow so we can
finish stringing her up like a look at
what the LED lights do to it just pop
pop lock and drop it
hey ma'am that is not for you this is
not a chew toy just go back from Roberts
winter wonderland to get some more candy
but to get some more of these cluster
little LED lights and I have two more
boxes and I'm hoping that that's going
to be enough for to cover the entire
tree so I'm hoping that the other two
boxes will take up that little section
so I'm gonna do this quickly string the
lights through the trees because I have
to get ready tonight because our friends
Dustin and Gabi are in town so I need to
get ready for that but I really want to
get this tree strong like God beautiful
she'll expect me I'm just so proud of
her I don't even want to put like
ornaments on it I just wanted the lights
to shine I also saw a lot of comments on
how to string lights through the tree
this is my first year ever putting
like on the tree like stringing them
through and I'm honestly just like
wrapping them around the tree I didn't I
don't know if there's like any kind of
specific way that you're supposed to put
lights on the tree but I'm just wrapping
them and then stepping back and kind of
pushing them in little sections where I
feel like it looks a little bald or
naked but yeah I'm not i'm not--
restringing experts like i said this is
my first time ever putting lights on a
tres rt4 and we need to leave here by
6:30 so bad [ __ ] countdown is I did put
a few ornaments on it I don't know if
I'm gonna keep him on I actually might
take that one of mints off and just
leave it with the lights because
honestly I don't think it needs that
much the only time you can even tell I
feel like when the ornaments are not on
the tree is in the day when it's not lit
but she's absolutely beautiful I love
her and I'm gonna get some questions
about my star so I wanted to let you
guys in on my little star secret I just
used these which are technically paper
lanterns it's made out of paper the one
that I've had for the past few years was
from Target these this one this one and
the gold one that I have up top are from
world market I just don't really
technically like a traditional tree
topper I just find them to be a little
bit too small and I like this oversized
vibe and from here it looks like a huge
metal gold star so you can't tell that
it's paper I mean even when you're like
a post impersonal on it it doesn't look
like a paper ornament so that is my tree
topper trick I just use paper lanterns
so again I got these guys from world
market but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this little Christmas Extravaganza
tunes also has not been messing with the
tree she's been being a good baby
would you like stelae under here
you gotta come out so if you guys enjoy
decorating with me I am gonna go put the
sheets on the bed because I just
finished some laundry and then take a
shower and I wasn't I say take myself to
sleep but it's Monday Night Football the
Vikings are playing so we have Monday
Night Football
you
