[Music]
[Music]
so I feel like the most appropriate
thing for me to say right now would be a
happy st. Patrick's Day pick me Peggy my
cell green really had nothing to do with
Saint Patrick's Day I just figured that
this would be a good color to start with
since it is a green kind of day I
haven't painted my hands yet or my ears
because I cut my finger and I'm debating
whether I still want to paint my hands
or not because it actually really hurts
but I've been wanting to do kind of this
color series for a really long time I
was gonna call them rainbow Bay's I
don't have any specific order that I
want to go in I just knew that I wanted
to do like really monochromatic looks so
same eyes same hair I should paint my
hands st. Patrick's Day just kind of
gave me that like little extra nudge to
start this rainbow base series I thought
it would be fun just to do them with the
same exact skin tone so I'm gonna do all
the colors of the rainbow red blue I'm
gonna throw pink in there even though
Pink's on in the rainbow I have to do a
pink rainbow Bay because it's one of my
favorite colors I hope you guys are
gonna be into it because these looks are
just really fun for me to do I kind of
just paint don't have an idea of what my
girl is gonna look like I kind of just
go with the flow I'm not sure what color
I'm gonna do next but I'm gonna have a
few up this week I feel like I want to
do pink next but leave me your comments
down below
on what color you guys want to see next
yeah hopefully you guys enjoy it and
it's just fun like I like these looks
I feel like more me painted green you
know what I mean you know what I mean so
without further ado if you want to see
me turn myself into my green a rainbow
Bay then just keep watching
I should probably pay my hands
[Music]
okay jumping right in we are going to
use this mehron water-activated paint so
all you need is a little bit of water
I'm just using a foundation brush to
apply it you can also control the
consistency of the paint just depending
on how much water you add so I'm just
going to paint my entire face and neck
area I started laughing because I
honestly either look like the Wicked
Witch of the West when we are just
starting this tutorial or the Jolly
Green Giant or Shrek's wife like I was
just cracking myself up so the paint I
thought I had everything covered pretty
well but I notice that my arm is just
kind of hanging out this whole time so
I'll be better on the next one I felt
like the paint was a little neon green
so I wanted to mute it down a little bit
so I'm just taking a green cream paint
from a flash palette and packing that
all over the skin it's helping to even
everything out and like I said it just
kind of gives me a more muted green tone
see what I mean
[Music]
going in with this Viper palette from
Sigma I'm gonna use this green shade as
kind of my base color for my lids I'm
not gonna do a lot because everything
just kind of blends in so we're just
gonna first start with this green we're
not doing any kind of crazy shape I'm
just kind of applying eye shadow as I
normally would so we're gonna start with
this and then we'll go in and deepen it
up with this color pop palettes I think
it's called just my luck and we're just
going to deepen up that crease a little
bit
[Music]
taking some of the white pillow ease
bass I'm just going to lightly carve out
my crease I'm adding the white just so
that the neon green color we pack on the
lid is more visible since no or
basically all green here so I'm just
gonna add this white you'll see you kind
of turn screen but that's not a big deal
and then we're gonna add a neon green
shade over top of this guy I also love
how I'm like voice over in this tutorial
like anybody is actually gonna paint
themselves green seeing the bright
lights palette from pinky rose cosmetics
I had this really great electric a green
shade in there so I'm gonna use that all
over the lid and pack it right on top of
the white base
I'm using the darkest green shade in
that color pop just my luck palette and
I'm adding that to the outer edge of the
eye and back up into the crease just to
create a little more definition and kind
of darken up this outer corner area
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I'm still using the Just My Luck green a
palette from colour-pop and I'm gonna
use the two darkest shades and the
palette to fill my browsing with my
brows look really light with my green
skin right
[Music]
taking some snazaroo a white facepaint
I'm gonna add that underneath my eyes so
we can start kind of contouring and
highlighting our face so I'm just going
to add the white under there and then
take our Beauty Blender that we use to
apply the green cream and just blend all
that out
[Music]
[Music]
to set under the eyes I'm going to use
the Ben Nye fair powder this is not only
gonna set under there but it's also
gonna help brighten it a little bit more
[Music]
and then to set the rest of our green
pane I'm just gonna use some translucent
powder from our glass
[Music]
felt like my brows were looking a little
too dark even though I did use a green
eyeshadow they were looking dark so I'm
taking a little bit of that green cream
paint and just brushing that through the
brow hairs to give it more like of a
green tinge and then I'm gonna go over
with some green and glitter because who
doesn't like the glitter eyebrow and
then I'm gonna brush through it one more
time with the little brow brush just to
kind of take some of that excess glitter
off
[Music]
it's consular face I'm just using a
green eyeshadow I believe it's from a
pinky Rose Cosmetics palette I just
don't remember which palette I was using
because I was using a few but I will
have it listed in the bottom bar so I'm
just gonna use that eyeshadow to kind of
contour our face like I normally would
so the cheekbones the temples the chin
the jaw basically anywhere you would
naturally contour working on the lower
lash line I'm just gonna use a black eye
pencil for the waterline and then I'm
going to use the same green shade that
we contoured with with the lower lash
line and I'm gonna take some of that
electric green shade as well in the
inner corners and I'm going to use that
underneath the lash line as well
all right I felt like she needed a
little color on her cheek so I'm just
using a blush but I put it on a little
heavy and I was like um ma'am what are
we doing here so as always with blush
you can tone it down just by adding a
little bit of powder over it so that's
what we go and do I'm taking an emerald
green artist pencil from Make Up For
Ever and I'm using this to line my lips
with is kind of the same shade as the
darker shade on our lid so it kind of
worked out well and then I'm just going
it to fill my lips in with the same
green cream paint from the flash palette
and then we're gonna dab a little bit of
yellow onto it as well just so there's
like a little bit of separation from the
skin tone but I like not a lot
[Music]
then I'm gonna add some little heart
stickers right underneath my eyes I'm
gonna go from the biggest heart sticker
to the smallest I just like stickers and
I like hearts so I was like yep these
are going on my face so I liked her with
just the brown eyes but you know how to
pick it up another level so I put some
green contacts in these are actually
called which contacts I just like adding
contacts to the look because I feel like
it really turns my character into
someone else other than me
so once the contacts are in this look is
complete I hope you guys enjoyed green
eyes that's her name that's the name
I've given her and leave me your
recommendations for what color you want
to see next
pink and I will see you super soon in a
new video bye guys
[Music]
[Music]
