hello and welcome back to my channel if
you guys only follow me on YouTube
you're probably wondering where I've
been and uploaded a vlog on Tuesday and
I had a little blurb in the front of it
just kind of letting you guys know where
I've been in what's been going on so if
you want to know where I've been or
what's been happening I'd appreciate it
if you just went over there and watch
the vlog even if it is only the first 15
seconds of the video just so you know
what's happening because I just can't
talk about it yet
I am still sad obviously usually if
something like sad or traumatic happens
to me I just kind of go full hermit mode
and kind of just stay in bed and it's
really not good it's like almost like a
rabbit hole that I fall into so instead
of doing that I kind of concentrated on
turning this room around and it really
kind of helped because I was being
creative and I was doing things and it
was just kind of helping me keep my mind
off things so yeah if you want to know
what's been happening I'll link the vlog
in the bottom bar so you guys can check
it out and if I do seem a little
low-energy I hope you guys understand
but I redid this room which I've been
wanting to do for a really long time
it's been kind of me going back and
forth on whether I was gonna stay in
this room or if I was gonna move to the
other room in the back of the house and
after much debate I just decided to stay
in this room because I could not give up
this closet I put so much time and
energy into wrapping these shelves that
I was like I just can't I can't leave my
other children behind so I decided to
stay in this room but I really really
wanted to redo it because before it was
mainly just like a big ass filming desk
in here and I didn't feel inspired in
here and I spend a lot of time in here
even if I'm not filming videos so I
really wanted to kind of transform this
space and for the longest time I was
looking for a desk and a dresser that I
could put in here and I feel like the
universe just aligned and I kind of
found everything all at once and it was
just like a sign that I needed to come
in here and redo this room so after
posting like the final product on a
social media a lot of you guys asked
how to do a gallery wall where I found
pieces where I found the desk so that's
what we're gonna talk about today I
eventually will do like a full room tour
for you guys if you do want to see that
I have a pink desk coming and I'm gonna
wallpaper this wall but for now we're
just gonna concentrate on this workspace
back here and how to build yourself a
gallery wall just some tips and tricks
that I use I did do this all on my own
and I had a lot of questions on how you
do spacing and how to get everything
nice and level and just how to kind of
visualize it so hopefully these tips
will help you guys out and just kind of
create a more cozy vibey space for
yourself okay so the first thing that I
did was came in here and I just wrecked
this room I mean I wrecked it I ripped
everything out it was like stuff piled
to the ceiling over here because I knew
that I had to get this space free and
clear so before there was a desk there
my other computer the TV was hanging on
the wall there so as you can see I moved
the TV to this wall because the couch is
gonna go over there I finally found a
little pink couch also which I'm excited
about I just wanted this space to be
clear so that I could visualize what I
wanted to see I knew that I wasn't gonna
hang the gallery wall until after I got
my work desk just so I knew how much
space I had to work with so we'll start
with the two most important pieces which
is the desk and the dresser both of
these guys are from Wayfarer I believe I
would try to find the actual brand and
list for you guys just in case they
aren't on there I got them on sale they
were a little more on the expensive side
of things but the quality of these are
like really good I was super surprised
at how amazing the quality was the
dresser came fully assembled and the
desk I just had to put the legs on which
it was a pain in the ass to put the legs
on let me tell you but I think the desk
all-in-all is worth it it's a very big
large workspace it's very solid the
drawers are nice and deep and long and I
just think it's like the most perfect
desk I've ever had it just is the desk
that I've always wanted and I finally
found it and then I found the matching
dresser to go with it and I just figured
just get the matching dresser
it'll look cute together and again the
quality of it was really amazing and I
had been looking for a white
desk dresser situation for a long time
the ones that I liked were either too
expensive or you had to wait like three
months to get them these things came in
like two weeks I'm not even exaggerating
and they came a week earlier than they
were supposed to come which I appreciate
I appreciate when things come early so
once I got my desk put up I could really
visualize the amount of space I had on
the wall to work with so I purchased all
of the framed prints from a website
called society6 this is a not a
sponsored video I paid for all the
pieces that you see the desk everything
everything that you see in this video
your girl paid for I will say though
that the website is a little more on the
pricey side but if is your first time
purchasing from the website you do get
20% off so I got 20% off my entire order
because I had never bought from them
before things that I like about their
website is one you can buy frame prints
for this gallery wall I knew that I
wanted to do all white frames now the
gallery wall definitely doesn't have to
match it's whatever your personal
aesthetic beat or whatever vibe you're
going for other gallery walls that I've
done I've had canvas on there I've had
black frames white frames I had like a
nice mixture of things but for this one
in particular I knew I wanted to do all
white and I also like the fact that all
the prints came with a white border
because it really tied everything
together again you don't have to do it
that way that's just how I saw it in my
mind and then when I found that website
and I saw that everything came framed
and it came with borders around like I
wanted I was like okay I'm just gonna
bite the bullet and buy ten prints is
what I had in my mind but I actually
ended up only going with nine also
another thing that I love about that
website is that any print that you see
comes in a variety of different sizes
you can get really tiny ones to a
super-duper big ones you can get like
funky anything you want of that print
they have it there's multiple sizes
there's like ten different frame options
you can also get the prints without the
frames if you want to go that route and
find your own frames or if you want to
do a mixture of frames but I want it to
make it easy on myself and I wanted them
all to come framed so that's what I did
and I think it took about like a week
maybe a week or two before the prints
showed up because everything on that
website I saw was like made to order so
then after I placed my order for all my
frame prints I knew I wanted to kind of
break that up a little bit with maybe
some wall hangings so what I did is I
went on Etsy and I just typed in wall
hangings and I found that really cute
little evil eye heart which is just a
piece of wood that someone
painted and then I went on Amazon and
found that me on ice cream cone and then
those cute little plant wall hanging
thingies and I think both of those were
on 15 bucks I know that the neon ice
cream was only 15 bucks which I could
not beat that
the only downside to that ice cream cone
is you have to plug it in and unplug it
when you want to turn it on and off
there is no switch or anything like that
which it's not a deal breaker for me it
was only 15 bucks most neon signs are
pretty expensive so I feel like I've got
a really good deal on that so then I
waited for a couple of days until
everything to show up and then once
everything was here I was ready to go so
how I like to do my gallery wall is I
like to plan it out on the floor now
it's one thing to plan it out on the
floor and then another thing to get that
fuller up on to the actual wall so you
will have to do some tweaking but it's
just nice to kind of visualize how your
walls gonna look and see what you're
doing instead of just like blindly like
throwing up prints on the wall and
hoping that it all works because for me
I probably changed my mind like 10-15
times so there's a lot of rearranging
that goes on I'll kind of put what I
think I like and then I'll walk away and
I'll come back like a half an hour later
and look at it again and then realize I
don't really like it and kind of tweak
and move things around like that so just
kind of play with it on the floor until
you feel like that's what you want to go
with also another trick that really
really helped this is the first time
I've done it I've seen people do it and
I'm just like oh god that's just too
much time and nobody got time for that
let me just take the extra time do it
the right way so what I did is I had a
big piece of craft paper and I traced
each frame and cut it out and labeled it
and then hung those pieces of paper on
the wall with some painters tape just so
I could really see how it was gonna look
before I took the time to hang all the
pieces up and then decided in the end
that I didn't like it so it may seem
like it's just like an extra long step
to do but it really does help so much it
really helped me move things around a
lot easier to get my spacing really
right on my pictures it takes a little
more time but in the end it is worth it
I did this one time and my gallery wall
was up I felt really accomplished I felt
really proud of myself so once I had all
the prints on the wall I kind of just
eyeballed where I wanted to put
everything else if there was a little
gap on the wall I knew that I could
stick a little tree plant there tree
plant wall plant wall hanging I knew
that I could stick a little wall hanging
tree guy in there and if you can add any
fake or living plant to your gallery
wall if I don't know I feel like it just
makes it more lively obviously mine are
fake because most real plants are
poisonous to cats and the cat which is
like right next to it and she loves
playing with it also there's a tree
right here which kind of took up some
space on the wall as well so I did have
the tree there while I was putting up my
little papers just because I knew the
tree was gonna be there and I wanted to
make it like you know flow everything
that I knew was gonna be there I kept it
there so I pushed my computer against
the wall so I knew how much room I had
just to make it easier on yourself like
I don't want any surprises like I don't
wanna have to end up putting my computer
on the desk and realize that oh it's
blocking all these prints and I have to
move these around so make sure you have
your space lock down where you're gonna
work your computers there your desk is
there if you have a tree in the corner
make sure it's there just so you can
work everything around things that are
already living there and you don't have
to go back and kind of finagle it and
fix it later on like I'm just talking so
much like the reason the spacing looks
so good on these pictures is because I
took the time to put the templates on
the wall because it really helped me
visualize the distance between each
frame so take a little bit of extra time
get some Kraft paper trace cut them out
tape them on the wall with some painters
tape I promise you will think yourself
later for doing it also I had a lot of
questions on the mood lighting that's
happening back there so let me just give
you a forewarning once you start using
these LED light strips be prepared
you're gonna want to stick these things
everywhere if I could stick them on the
cats and light them up I would the cool
thing about these is you can cut them to
your specifications so I actually cut
this myself you just want to make sure
if you get these and you are cutting
them that you're cutting them on the
line otherwise if you don't trim it on
that black line you risk having some of
your LED lights not working also a
really amazing thing about these is they
are self-adhesive so you just peel this
back off and stick them or ever you want
I have some on the back of our TV in our
bedroom they really just add such like a
nice ambiance and a nice vibe it's very
cozy it's very nice edit in here in the
dark with just those lights growing I
was doing it last night and I was like
I've been missing out okay these light
strips just like set the mood you can
find these on Amazon they have so many
different ones they have ones that are
either plug-in powered
or battery-operated you can find them at
IKEA as well they range in price so
there's something like super expensive
and some that are super inexpensive I
don't know why the expensive ones are so
expensive honestly so I think that's it
I feel like we've we've sat here and
talked for a long-ass time this is
second time i filming this video because
my mic actually died the first time but
I think my couch comes next week we will
actually be out of town me and Biebs are
taking a road trip to Yosemite I mean
we're flying to San Francisco and then
road tripping to Yosemite because we've
just wanted to go to some national parks
and we saw something once that said if
you can only go to one national park in
your life it should be Yosemite so super
excited to be out in the wilderness and
hiking I am gonna vlog it all for you
guys so that should be fun but my couch
comes when I'm out of town so by the
time I'm back that week I'm gonna try to
wallpaper this room and get that going
so yeah I think that is it I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in another video so cute so cute
noise me I'm currently patching these
holes on this wall I got my putty just
set up voila we are patched painted
this desk and this dresser are from the
same brand but this one came fully
assembled we just had to take it out and
put it up this one looks like I have to
put the legs on are you gonna put the
legs on so I'm gonna put this together
I'm gonna put a lot of stuff in these
drawers I'm thinking that I need to go
to the Container Store though and get
some kind of inserts I like how deep
these drawers are unless one of you want
to grow some arms and help me out and
that's his answer
good morning from the wildly messy and
disorganized Beauty room it is day 137
that weave so I switched these two
around I don't know why I don't know why
I thought I was gonna keep the dresser
over here this is a smaller wall this is
a bigger wall it just looks better over
here I'm not really sure how to take the
TV off of the Mount to move it over here
I know that I could you know draw my own
holes and put it up and all that jazz I
just tried to take it off and realize I
didn't really know how to take it off so
I'm just gonna wait hope Biebs gets home
from golf and have him take it down and
move it over here that I can start
working on the gallery wall these are
some of the prints that I got um I don't
know I thought that I thought I got this
big but it's really little and I wanted
this one to be big this one is my
favorite over here hiding these little
tigers in the water and then I got this
one cuz it just kind of reminded me of
my grandma like she actually kind of
used to look like that and she wore her
hair like that so when I saw it I was
like yeah and you bet behind me is still
looking pretty intense and scary um I
just I feel like I'm stuck like in limbo
again because I don't know how to take
the CV off the mount I
shaking it and moving it around and I
got really it got really squirrely on me
and you're just gonna disrespect the
countess like that that dress are always
like 400 pounds and I move that myself
okay no big deal for that Yves got the
TV up I'm gonna patch up already patch
up the holes but I'm gonna paint and
then go eat some pizza and I might come
back in here but I don't know yet so it
is 10 p.m.
super tired I think that my brain has
just stopped working cuz I can't really
come up with any way that I'm liking the
gallery wall right now we're gonna leave
the gallery wall here overnight maybe we
come back in the morning check it out
and we'd like it so I'm gonna go and sit
on the couch so I will see you guys
bright and early tomorrow maybe not like
so bright but kind of early I'm still
working on my coffee before we get going
on this room I'm gonna get this wall up
today okay I found a big sheet of paper
that the guy that did our floors left
behind so I'm going to trace all the
pieces and then hang the pieces up on
the wall
I finally got all the templates cut out
and hung on the wall after rearranging
like three thousand times also
rearranging everything on the floor a
bunch of times I don't know why like I
have to think so many times like I can't
just lay it down once me like oh this
looks good no I have to try 47 ways um
but I think that it'll be cute any kind
of random spot you see I just didn't do
like cutouts for it cuz there's like a
neon light in a mirror and like those
little hanging plants this line doesn't
zoom very far but those are gonna go
like in the random holes here she is
before and and we're done if only it was
that easy rings I put a light strip on
the back of the desk it's crazy how like
a little 15 dollar light strip can make
such a difference like I love it cozy
cave but she should I don't wanna get
like another one to go around the TV and
maybe under there like light the whole
spot up
