oh yes we're going to Ikea because we
have to get a big cat carrier they have
like really large pet carriers and we're
getting the cats cut tomorrow the baby
kittens means once they don't cut into
lions yeah we'll come through it's a
hundred degrees outside I know it says
that this should be like groomed and
often yeah we think juicy has allergies
so we're gonna get them cut tomorrow
even though I'm sad but we need another
big cat carrier because they just won't
fit in our regular cat carriers so we're
gonna go do that and then we might go to
topcoat ten minutes away from Ikea it's
really far for lives you're a chocolate
on that apples there aren't you look at
all the floof Oh we'll be right back
okay let's just at the indoor skydiving
place so clearly we made the decision to
come to top dog
we don't die it's 95 degrees these get
some brought his own club the top cop
why didn't I get the bring your own club
member
[Music]
[Music]
I am changing that the bulbs on our like
ancient chandelier because first they
all went out and now that we have the
new lights they're not I don't think
they're bright so I'm switching them to
these like huge LED lights look I'll
show you how small this one is so this
guy is teeny tiny and I'm switching that
to this like a jumbo man here mrs. Fixit
yes ma'am
[Music]
oh so scary
[Music]
[Music]
baby shall we see if the lights work
it's [ __ ] bright yeah it is Thursday
we just got home a little bit ago from
taking the babies to get a little cut so
originally we were gonna get them like
fully cut but I don't know awhile it's
feeling super sad about it not wanting
to have them like fully shaved so we
ended up getting them a sanitary cut so
they got like their whole underbelly cut
and their little butts we've had short
hair caps forever so having too long
hair cats they do require a lot more
maintenance but they just got like I
said they're little under bellies cut
tuna got a little bit of like her Mane
trimmed off because we got them groomed
I think two months or so ago like full
bath and everything and the lady gave
her back to us wet so she kind of got
little mats in her chest so they kind of
shaved her little Mane off a little bit
but you can't even really tell that they
got cut because it's like basically just
all underneath the thing that I can tell
most on tunas it looks like she has two
back legs now before it looked like it
was so fluffy back there look like she
only had one leg I think Jeremy's sister
and the beam are gonna come over later
you should do like family dinners like
once a week so I will see you guys later
I don't know if we need to go to the
store to get food or what but I guess we
will figure it out oh look at you look
at you look at that face so I posted
this picture the other day on Instagram
and my caption was I had these same
boots when I was seven so my mom was
like you really did have those boots
when I was seven I remember my Alfred
pretty much to its heap conformation
white cowboy boots someone was like you
should recreate this outfit and I was
like girl if I could find that denim
bubble skirt I would white crop top
denim skirt white cowboy boots seven
year old goals my rosacea is popping out
a little bit today right there
oh my god have a rash happening on my
arm
what is going on right now it's all
sensitive so I suspect I'm filming
that's why I have a full face on but we
started some demo not me we is a not me
Jeremy and his friend Brian which Brian
paint it like our whole house like our
outside and our inside it's really
bright
right here they started tearing down the
bathroom today
or eventually gonna do all the bathrooms
or just starting with like the more
shitty ones because when we bought this
house it was like I think the listing
said it was like 90% renovated but there
are some bathrooms that definitely need
it too in the back for sure so they left
one of the dump to take like all you
know the extra the stuff they've been
like hammering and they went to go get a
jackhammer mother cute right
would you like Harry Potter the whole
bathroom was like pink tile it was all
pink so let's see the progress that we
got going so we got we are oh we are
fully roped off over here weather
ourselves in I don't know if we're
supposed to be back here or not but
we're gonna see
I didn't even know there was a window in
here he was saying we can take the
ceiling higher to was like look at the
ceiling here like the ceilings right
here and look how higher the actual
ceiling is okay the ceiling so I think
we're gonna try to pull this up higher
so it feels bigger so just like I
imagined this but in here can you see
the vision okay and as a window to like
tiny say back here and man behold them
being taped off to so lucky with all
these cute cats cute cat to free where's
whoosh thank you boo we'll be in the low
name
bull was what are you doing put your
little head okay I know this hair is
looking a crazy but I haven't brushed it
like usual and my lips were seeing a
little red because last night the beam
that did my makeup I really need to get
her in a youtube video because she is
really really funny she had this whole
blog camera last night and I'll insert
some clips of her so you guys can like
see her and her full-on vlogger glory
hello we're gonna show you how I made my
baby's face so beautiful I made her some
makeup and it looks beautiful make sure
you leave a like they are playing with
the cats they're not really fighting
they're just plain they're just playing
they're not fighting oh maybe they're I
don't know maybe they are but my peepees
doesn't know hey be nice boys nice to
each other
nice movies and now she wants me to get
her like a full vlogging setup she's
like I need a camera I want to be a
youtuber and I'm just like good morning
so I'm gonna redo this like where I film
I'm still back here in this makeup room
but this is just way too cluttered for
me I had a video call with Dyson
yesterday because I'm going to do a
video because they're coming out with
some new attachments for their hair
dryer so I'm gonna try to reorganize my
filming area so that it's less cluttered
because there's just so much [ __ ] on
this desk right now and I'm like do I
honestly need all this I found some
extra paper that I had from when I wrap
my shelves so I'm gonna wrap my filming
desk because it is beat to [ __ ] under
here and this stuff like makeup wipes
off of it very easily so the under death
which is just from like Sam's Club it's
like a folder my desk gets stained
really really really easily yeah I went
and scoured my house to see if I had any
more of this contact paper and I have
like three more rolls so I'm gonna wrap
this desk so this has if you guys didn't
watch my one where I wrap the shelves
it's just contact paper so it's sticky
on one side and then I just get it like
attached to where I want to start and
then from underneath I just pull the
paper a little bit at the time you can
use one of those like legit things for
contact paper but I just use this flat
hair
we so we got that piece late and now I
need to cut one and finish that back
piece this is what we've got going on so
far so this is just one container all my
brushes are in one container which is
nice and then this is all like one
container and then I just have like lips
that I wear every single day as well as
glosses all my nudes and then like
colored lip liners back here
wish I could wiggle my nose and this
[ __ ] would be done does anyone else's
hand end up like this you're cleaning
[ __ ] so I thought that we were never
gonna get this done but we got it done
this area the floor so low messy but
we're just gonna worry about this it's
super late I think it's like 9 o'clock
guys we started doing this about 10:30
11 takes forever because you know you
just starts watching everything seeing
what's good see what's bad I ended up
getting rid of so many different
foundations I'm not sure if this is how
this set up is going to stay but it's
gonna say like this for tonight at least
tomorrow we're gonna work on that closet
because there's a lot of stuff that
needs to come out of there that I know
is expired and I think I'm gonna take
down all of this tomorrow as well yeah
I'm just gonna be working on this room
for the next couple days or so but so
far it's way less I mean I know it still
looks like a lot of stuff because let's
be honest this is a lot of stuff right
here so let's cut back to the other desk
this is just way too cluttered for me
and bring it back to this one like hello
look at my face y'all I forgot that I
had all this random ass makeup on I know
that I'm not the only one that does this
[ __ ] though when they're cleaning right
so I will see you guys tomorrow probably
around the time that I'm making my
coffee
good morning touch' semi TVP with a
coffee
I took 11 o'clock we're gonna start
working on this room again today also
this is not a piece of ham I had so many
DM yesterday asking because this was on
the floor and everyone's asking if this
was a piece of ham and I was like what
but could I have a piece of ham on the
floor I'm feeling very soft-spoken this
morning and we're gonna get in the
closet today and take a lot of [ __ ] out
of there I'm gonna empty the vanity
drawers I think I'm gonna try to take
down the vanity actually today so like I
said we are tackling this situation here
I've already gotten rid of so many
lipsticks like all of this was full of
lipstick lipstick I'm not gonna get rid
of any of my palettes because I like to
keep my palettes regardless just for
like collector situations all of these
red lipsticks lipsticks the plumber is
here and they're in and out so pop up
put them in here send help I feel like
any time you see me I'm taking a break
great this is a spicy Thai salad
[Music]
hmmm it's like a super rainy day I mean
it's summer in Florida so it literally
rains every single day like hurricane
downpour at some point so it's happening
right now
going to get new extensions tomorrow
because I've had this same hair in since
I think February so I've had it in for a
while now I've had it moved up once I'm
gonna mash down this salad and get back
to it I will see you guys so this is
where we've gotten in so far so it's
looking a lot cleaner right still a
bunch of [ __ ] in here don't know what
I'm gonna do with these things like I
want to get rid of these that's I was
looking a little messy don't look over
there I really hope that this mount
doesn't break or fall off this camera
that we use now is like way before this
video gets copyrighted stopping
gasps put me behind we are going it to
the hair salon I am sweating okay
there's a poor man stuck in a bush sir I
feel like crazy you know
yeah so yeah we're gonna be here for a
couple hours or her storm don't work out
long we're gonna be here even though
this method is like the fastest removal
process it is super fast compared to any
other hair extension like permanent hair
extension that I've ever had that's why
I like it the most because honestly like
getting your hair extensions from it was
like the most dreadful part of getting
hair well in my opinion and this one is
like SuperDuper fast which I really love
tomorrow we really do have to go look at
tile like we got the bathtub in today
the plumber came yesterday did all that
jazz and so tomorrow we need to go get
floor tile shower tile light fixtures a
lot to do with my back
I'm excited to see how it looks like
from the before
so I will see you guys when we exercise
mush around yeah everybody else get
color all over themselves like how did I
get this here
okay anybody else don't where's the
piercings thank you
my nail girl does huh no they are strong
we're done with you
[Music]
[Music]
new hair is in I got it a little bit
lighter like my extensions and we're
working on just going a little bit
lighter like I'm never gonna be like a
blonde again I want to have like these
front pieces be lighter so it's like 6
o'clock now I wasn't gonna get color but
I ended up having to get color because I
had so many gray hairs
honestly I'm excited for the amount of
gray hairs that I have because I hope
that I have just fully gray hair when
I'm older okay now baby tuna is limping
like baby Toombs what did you do sweet
girl
Oh what happened
I look rough this morning but it's okay
it's real last life right so juice had
to go to the vet on Monday today's
Wednesday because I've just noticed that
he's been like having like a runny nose
he was like vocalist on his nose which
are boogers and he just he was eating
and drinking and being his normal self
but I just noticed that he had like
already know so I thought maybe had a
cold or had allergies or something like
that so we took him to so we took him to
the vet and he got a whole bunch of [ __ ]
like four different pills an antibiotic
shot like a decongestant all kinds of
stuff he got and then I went to the nail
salon hey new nails and I came back and
it was like eight hours after the fat
camp and at the vet and then he started
actually really weird it's like he
wanted to throw up but he didn't throw
up and then he started to like drool
from his mouth so I text my that and I
was like you know what's good should I
take him to the emergency vet and she's
like you know just kind of watch it and
see how he goes so he ended up I didn't
see him eat or drink that day but he did
get an IV at the vet and it's a long I'm
sorry so I was okay with the fact that
he wasn't drinking because like I said
he got the IV so I was literally
stalking him all day yesterday to see if
he would eat I'm honestly like a psycho
mom like I will be down on my hands and
knees like making sure he's eating and
swallowing which she was so he's eating
and drinking
he still has like a little bit of a
sniffling nose so hopefully that caused
me today and I can like give her an
update and now tunafish whose name is
actually Luna like her government name
is Luna you know
like her people cartoon I think she's
got a little limp he was outside working
out we're gonna go in the back and film
because you guys want to see that powder
foundation from that makeup forever and
I told you guys I'll get it up today
which that'll be like a quick video to
film and I think that and then we gotta
go look at tile we've been like going to
we've been like going to look for tile
for like two weeks now but I honestly
hadn't left the house so yeah that's
what we're doing so I'm gonna make my
ass of coffee and then we're gonna go to
the bathroom
this [ __ ] fan is still here like I
hate this fish and the joke is I have a
new fan sitting here
that's sober that would match this decor
way better somebody if I'm a mutt can
ban up oh I'm gonna watch a YouTube
video do it myself
have some coffee with mother is it
coffee coffee is [ __ ] coffee to
calm these [ __ ] car okay - well
that's a good time for coffee right
Coffee theme song come on p10 you
[ __ ] car feed you so much
coffee seen this a bajillion times you
better know that creamer we don't like a
lot of dreamers day
[Applause]
oh my little chickadees let's go to the
back let's quickly clean this so dirty
to clean oh that was really fast right
look at that
I gotta finish this whole cup of coffee
though before we get to filming because
I can barely talk in general I legit
look asleep hi how are ya I really need
to take this background situation town I
mean no I'll keep it up because I know a
[ __ ] will throw a background on once in
a while okay show me Russians hair and
I'm gonna watch this episode of the
Housewives even though I've seen it I
don't know
67 times its when they are in Colombia
and they get stuck on that boat ride and
they almost died that's a good one okay
oh you go got such a big man you should
always call my mom to like morning check
in you know please leave your message
for seven hmm mom doesn't want to talk
to us back to the housewives today's
video that I'm gonna do is gonna be
about powder foundation which I feel
like we've been talking a lot about
power foundation but I just am I was not
like really a powder foundation lover
until recently so yeah I have a new
makeup forever one but when I wear a
powder foundation I don't like to do a
lot of prep to the face because I don't
like my face to be technically like wet
I like it to be more on the dry side I
think that the powder just kind of blaze
a little better without all the prep so
if I know that I'm gonna wear a powder
foundation I usually will prep my face
like 30 minutes or so before just so
that I know though the products on my
face and I don't have to worry about it
being wet and waiting so I really like I
talked about this yesterday
oh no I pushed too much of how do I push
it back down oh no I think I'm okay
I did push a lot up though oh [ __ ] is
that gonna close okay I really really
like this glow stick from super goop
this is an SPF of 50 so SPF is really
important to wear every single day just
because the Sun is really damaging even
if people look like their skin is okay I
guarantee if they went under one of
those cameras that show like the damage
underneath the skin that it would look
intense so I'm really big on sunscreen
and I'm gonna try to start mentioning it
a lot more I've been wearing it for
years and I just kind of forget it
because I usually put it on in the
morning but I'm trying to be like more
conscious and tell you guys to wear
sunscreen because it is super important
a lot of people don't like to wear
sunscreen if they're gonna wear makeup
because a lot of sunscreen has a white
cast hi baby fish but this one is really
good because it's clear it gives you
like a glowy appearance and it settles
into the skin really nicely like it
sinks I mean not subtle sinks into the
skin really nicely so I'm gonna just put
this on before we jump into the video
obviously yes yes obviously I'm gonna
mention that in the video but I just
thought we would prep that out first and
then let that sink in while we finish
our coffee children adults men women
everybody tunafish wear your sunscreen
okay so I've already to come back here
and get you guys but I have already
filmed my powder foundation about my /i
i hate and people knock on the door
beeps Eddowes terminex knocking on the
door you know with your little good tile
is it a million degrees s what ha I know
it's hot that's why we're wearing a
powder foundation all right let me
finish editing so we can get some damn
towel
oh no Meah they copyright I like this
for like in our bathroom okay but we're
looking for the little bathroom
I like this okay we took a detour to
Home Depot because we need to get a new
shower head for our bathroom which has
nothing to do with the remodel
looking for light bulbs thanks for
taking a turn we've aborted tile mission
made our way to Panera Home Depot we did
we were gonna go to Costco but you know
Florida so it's got the hurricane rain
so we're just gonna go back to the house
online searching you know anyway
come with me if you want to man Oh
chicken
oh so much you that sir Oh telling
people anything well I don't the blog is
you just are everywhere
what am I supposed to say hey guys this
is Evelyn holding the camera she wants
me to talk but I'm not sure what we're
supposed to be saying I can't even see
it like they can see my chin baby does
Alana going to make up blue because
these are always in the makeup room
what do you want me to say just go in to
make a blue thank you you like a
close-up shot huh girl no guys you're
just gonna have these it's gonna get set
up cat ears cuz they want to get my hair
out of my face and then you're ready to
go girl
so memory and then I need her you can
call me amigo finish uploading so you
can mmm put my heel up you know okay
okay okay start with some foundation and
it goes all over your face
hey girl you guys now I'm gonna say what
I'm doing
hi decided Okamura what book to put
makeup on but if you left me cousin
probably telling his channel
thank you fighting me over yeah you're
just gonna stay so I'm getting soil and
I'm doing my dad's gonna stay so against
stolen but I'm doing it he's gonna be
here the whole time and this is the cool
I set up and now I'm just going to see
what kind of I met hmm
we're just plopping him to a certain
color like this one like here thank you
for including me my Lady Marmalade
don't mind him that took so long
my name is her Spike Lee go to cutter at
this time make it soon Wow
wow you look really pretty did you put
foundation on your head
yeah deep these a little bit lighter
than you huh your blush too did you use
highlighter um not yet no gonna put on a
lake after it's gonna do my hair first
so we mean comb it okay you want me to
brush your hair first and I don't want
my hair I'm silly
cuz I don't want you want the wig
showing yep I only want to wake Selene
do you remember last time you told you
that I needed to brush my hair more yeah
girl
oh yeah so if we're gonna put a wig on
maybe we could just pull it back so it
doesn't get all your hair out of your
head so let me get a wig cap and then
which way would you like to wear
we're gonna lay your wig right there
[Music]
we're gonna hold him yes okay so how
long have you been doing makeup ma'am 10
years how old are you oh okay yeah I'll
go with it
hold me my viewers 5 viewers I gotta go
home make silly ballet as much as I love
the look that's the being created you
know with her 10 years of makeup
experience it's time to wash it all off
I'm gonna take all this makeup off and
they get my old ass in the back because
I'd like to be in bed at like 9:30 10:00
okay
beauty sleep battery's gonna die since
the beam wanted to do like you know a
14-hour documentary on her time over
here honestly every time she comes over
she wants to vlog that's like her
favorite thing to do but I just don't
work in the morning
so it is what the book is today
today's Thursday we have to take tunes
to the vet today and I was really hurt
and I need to take an allergy pill
before things get reckless I like this I
like this camera but I don't like this
camera because the color gets crazy so
we just got back from the vet it turns
out that tooms has like a little
infection in her paw they were saying
that cat paws and dog paws are like
SuperDuper sensitive so they gave her an
antibiotic shot and then a pill and a
pain pill that we have to give her like
twice a day for four days and then one
day and you know it's on it's on the
tube and they gave us little antibiotic
wipes so that we can like clean her
little paw pad like you know when she
comes like in and out of the litter box
it's totally herself she was just had
that little limp going so we fixed her
wheel espies don't say so it's around
10:30 and we're gonna go to the hair
salon today so I'm gonna get a few of my
like actual pieces of my hair like my
natural hair light in I'm gonna put a
little bit of makeup on it's almost here
the children
yeah I hate allergies I don't know I
don't have tissues in this car like if I
have allergies like why am I not
carrying around a box of Kleenex with me
on the regular around 12:00 we're
heading to the hair salon now I think I
told you guys this morning right like
I'm getting some pieces of my like
natural hair light in because I haven't
had my hair light and in over a year
when I posted that video on Instagram at
the other day my hair looked so light
and I think it's because the Sun was
hitting just right because I was leaving
at the hair salon like around golden
hour I didn't call her my natural hair
it was just my extensions that were
lighter but it's not as you can see like
it looks it still looks dark just like
in the Sun a few of the pieces aren't
lighter because like my natural color
and then like a lighter extension are
meshed together and we put in girl I'm
her teen
they're so fun like I can't even open my
freaking eyeballs
my back is broken toes are for crapping
so I need to listen to some music
okay I need listen music if I'm driving
music or audible and if I'm doing my
makeup Real Housewives so I will see you
guys know my favorite part is then I'll
not work
[Music]
okay
Oh
[Music]
I'm sorry
I feel like everyone's looking at us
like what are we doing with this
[Music]
[Music]
we doing that all damn day yeah it's
like my parks is 116 degrees right let's
get the hell up out of here
why was he doing that we got the money
piece it looks so phew so what she did
is she did like highlights over the top
of my head and then toned it and then
color melted it if I I'm pretty sure
that's what she said yeah so we did the
money piece to 3:30 now we're just gonna
head back to the house I need to get
something to eat because I'm so hungry
so I will see you guys at home cuz I got
to put some music on because this is
just listening to myself talk
and here is the rain as it shown that
laid off because I feel like if we're
not eating out here that light is super
offensive I think it's so crazy that
those bless you so juicy so go back to
the vet at 9:30 in the morning I called
them around 5:00 today and I was like he
just doesn't see him like he's getting
any better his nose is still congested
there's somebody me alley out there who
was that juice how's the little baby as
meow you've ever heard in your whole
life and I think it was him meowing who
was meowing oh she'd watch it out but he
was cleaning back there we block him why
he does his it's got a little rotation
sorry sir private moments yeah we're
gonna take him back to the vet the
appointments at like 9:30 and I think
it's gonna rain all day tomorrow
hopefully it's not reading we take fruit
to the vet the other day in Florida
there was a heat warning do you know how
crazy it is to get a heat warning in
Florida like [ __ ] hot here all the
time so when you get a heat warning and
they tell you do not go outside to stay
indoors avoid outside activities at all
cost it's just like okay so I'm gonna go
take this makeup off and just wait for
beads so I will see you guys bright and
early I love you guys and I think for
all the love on my ig pick today of the
new hair take it back to 2004 highlights
money pieces ok I'm going it's too much
it's around 6:15 the beam is chemically
the beam or Evelyn can I say last week
she didn't want us to guard the beam she
wanted us to her first were strictly
Evelyn but the beam is back so what did
you just do
slide outside but they couldn't go cuz
why and much drinks ok can we do like an
easy like natural look today
am I gonna do thanks but can we do like
an easy natural look like this
no at we always do like um the last look
we did was not natural you guy gave me
pink eyeshadow I know but we're gonna
make you into a monster
Oh No Tippy's not in the mood for a
monster I got fresh streaks how do we
make you into yep
I said we're gonna make you a golden
girl Oh golden girl the gooey stuff
remember this stuff at and put on your
cheeks like on your head on here on
their foundation yeah um I don't know
that's what I forgot
Oh chin oh yeah ten-four cheeks things
you look so good to think girl and you
don't think this looks kind of weird
right look at my lips
this should it look like this no no guys
this looks like my normal face you I
mean here on my chin
oh no you know I do sometimes a little
on the nose for like a little cute
sunburn look so you're saying that this
is how cookies blush usually looks I
think so okay
how big mouthing the color little
[Music]
[Music]
blasting they want hostage who is this
for for your Barbie this turned into a
tiny cooking
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
you
