you know so I thought we would kick it
old school today and do a what's in my
micro mini backpack I feel like I
haven't done a what's in my bag in a
really long time and I was on YouTube
yesterday and my old-ass video from like
30,000 years ago popped up when I got
sent home from work I think like the
next day after that video I actually
quit my jobs I was in a mood that day
well some somewhere maybe not the next
day but it was like a close of when I
quit my actual job I just thought it
would be fun to do like old school
what's in my bag video plus I get a lot
of questions on what the hell I can fit
in this little micro mini backpack this
guy actually does hold a lot of stuff I
haven't cleaned this thing out all I'm
assuming that's in here is lip products
because whenever I empty out my bag
there's always like 30,000 lip products
because you guys know that I don't touch
up my makeup but I always bring whatever
lip product I'm wearing in my bag
Alexson so as for the bag itself this is
the Louboutin Palm Springs mini so this
guy is discontinued I think they only
had it available for like three months
like why Louboutin they were like oh
everybody likes this really cute micro
mini bag discontinued it so this guy is
actually pre loved I bought him on eBay
I have a bunch of stuff that I've gotten
on eBay I've gotten on the real fashion
file just like consignment shops so
let's bust this guy open and see what we
got in it also if you don't want to wear
this guy as a backpack you can wear him
you can also change these straps and
make him like a crossbody as well so
this dude is packed to the brim with
stuff so let's see what we got in here
first tampon always you know you never
know when flow is gonna show up she
likes to surprise people then I have a
little micro mini fan because Florida
hot no actually I have this in my bag
because I was at a bridal shower not
that long ago and it was outside and no
ma'am not in Florida so I got this
little dude on Amazon and I think he was
like five bucks and it's super
in Chinese I also have in here a straw
that you can carry around it's a metal
straw and as you can see it just like
kind of flocked out like that and it's
just nice to travel with there's
actually lipstick on is oh no this is my
straw and it just folds right up and you
can stick him back in his little house
this is my little wallet that I use when
I carry this bag around because like a
regular-sized wallet won't fit in here
this guy is actually pre-loved
too this is the louis vuitton
multicolored zippy coin keychain it's
still in really good condition so in
here I just keep some money my debit
card my ID and you know every time I go
to Target I swear to god I get a $5 gift
card so this what I like to use is my
wallet when I use this little tiny bag
because it's very slim it holds a lot
and it doesn't take up a lot of room
there's a lot in this little bag next I
have a receipt from Walgreens for my
passport pictures and my passports we're
going to India on Monday I've had to put
a rush on my new passport and I just got
it so that's why I have it here my
passport is usually not in my bag is
this oh this is a $5 coupon for where I
go get my pedicures I also have some
dental floss in my purse because it's
really important to floss every time you
eat and when you're on the go this is
really nice to have with you have a Kat
Von D powder in here this is actually
been in my purse for a really long time
this is one that I don't use that often
I have another one that I have like
right here that's like on pan but I like
it for the mirror the mirror is really
nice and I don't have a brush I think in
here to touch up so this guy I mainly
use for my mirror but if I did want to
touch up I would just do like a brush in
my bag cuz I know this little dude is in
there I have air pods in here in this
cute little silicone pink case that I
got from Amazon I mainly use my ear pods
for talking on the phone because because
of my ear piercings it still kind of
hurts to talk on the phone and I can
only use one air pod I'm somebody that
only would use like one headphone in
general like with anything because I
just like to hear I like to listen and I
like to hear at the same time y'all I
can see so many lip products in here
like the whole bag is full of them I
also have some double stick tape in here
because you never know you never
now I have a little clock I have a
little clock clip to pens in here one is
actually a tactical pen this is just a
regular pen because I like to just have
a writing utensil so like I don't have
to ask anybody to borrow theirs
especially like when traveling you know
you got to fill out like those documents
if you're like traveling out of the
country so I always have a pen on me and
then this is a tactical pen which is a
writing utensil like you can write with
this but it's also kind of a weapon at
the same time this side is super sharp
and you can bust through a window if
ever you're stuck in a car you can hit
the window with it and your window will
shatter I just realized that I didn't
curl my lashes and them bummed about it
I should probably carry that around with
it oh I do have a little brush in here
so are you ready for all these lip
products I have in here this isn't even
all of them I couldn't even grab all of
them so I have some skin fix and I won
one bomb see I have a fleshpot in here
from Mac which is just a nude lip
surprise surprise I have gloss Angeles
from Smashbox was just a clear gloss was
just nice to add things so it's not
gonna add any color we have this
shimmery nude gloss from Patrick Todd
this is a major glow lip shine in the
she's expensive I also have this night
lip recovery mask from YSL but I like to
use it as just a balm like if I put on
like a clear balm I like to put this on
top because I feel like it kind of tones
down the redness of my lips and it's
like super moisturizing I have vivid hot
lacquer from Maybelline this is in the
shade T's it's like one of my favorite
nude glosses it has a lot of pigment in
color in it so you can get away without
like wearing a lipstick I also have this
sacredly seen lip glass from Mac which
is like a sheer sparkly tone gloss and
there's more lip gloss I also have
Diamond milk gloss balm from venti and
then I have influentially it which is a
power kiss powder kiss from Mac also a
nude we have the Mario Badescu lip balm
as well as the Langly I keep calling it
the lippy glow balm but it's called the
lip glowy balm in the scent Apple which
is mm-hmm so good oh okay we're not done
I hope I have
more little things in here that I didn't
even know we're in here some MIDI rings
like let's pop these on B how long have
these been floating around at the bottom
of my purse I would like to know and
then last but not least I have this
little Mexican oh wait let me put them
over here I have this little Mexican
worried all that they give us when we go
to Bessie fell in Tampa this is what
they give you when you cash out and they
say you can put him underneath your
pillow at night and he'll take away all
your worries the amount of these little
dolls that I have always won and every
single one of my purses so I'm gonna put
him back in there cuz I'm superstitious
and I want to keep him in there that was
everything this is legit the smallest
backpack
that I own but I am always surprised of
how much I can fit in here it's nice to
travel with I pack him up and just like
squish him down and he fits basically
anywhere when I take my vlog camera with
me I do have to take it off it's like
little hand mount and put them in here
separately to make everything fit and
obviously have to take out like thirty
of the lip products because who needs
that many lip products in their bag so
that was it for me and everything that
was inside my little tiny backpack I
like seeing what's inside people's bags
too I'm nosey I want to know what you
got in there girl I don't have anything
else to tell you except I love you and I
will see you super soon in another video
hey guys what was his hair doing on the
outro he wanted a minute to himself have
it
