welcome back to my channel yesterday I
asked you what you guys want to see if
you want to see a powder foundation or
if you want to see that purple eye look
that I was talking about and a lot of
you said powder foundation which I get
it's hot and you don't want to wear a
lot of makeup and powder foundation is
perfect for when it is hot outside or if
you're in a rush or anything like that
for the longest time I was never a
powder foundation a kind of person I was
always just kind of like a liquid
foundation which I still love a liquid
foundation don't don't get me wrong but
like over the last year or so I feel
like I've really developed a love for a
powder foundation because we've talked
about a few of them we've talked about
the Kat Von D one we've talked about the
bare minerals one and now we're gonna
talk about the one that I feel is the
best powder foundation you've ever used
in your whole entire life
thank you later okay I'll have any
makeup on I basically just woken up I
kind of look like this when I wake up in
the morning I've got a little bit of
redness happening we've got a little bit
of blemishes happening and this is like
I said perfect for when you're in a rush
or if you're hot outside or if you're
just a powder foundation kind of gal
this this is for you so this is the
makeup forever matte velvet skin
blurring powder foundation I use it in
two colors mostly everything I have I
use in two colors but we're gonna use
our 3:30 today I also use it in Y 3:45
I'm not sure what the are and the wire
for young and reckless young and the
restless' so with any powder foundation
routine it's super duper easy this is
great if you are a beginner in makeup
and you just want to add a little bit
more coverage to your face this is
actually going to add a lot of coverage
being someone that wears a liquid
foundation I was really really impressed
with the amount of coverage that this
powder foundation provides you it's
matte but it's like really breathable
and it looks like skin like it doesn't
look cakey and you'll see in a second
when I put it on my face I just want to
talk about the prep for a second so when
I wear a powder foundation I don't like
to put on a moisturizer or a primer a
lot of people have asked if I use the
milk makeup hydro grip primer with a
powder foundation and the answer is no I
just think that it's entirely too sticky
too
used with a powder so what I normally do
when I wake with the morning is put on
my moisturizer which usually is the
summer fridays jetlag I just think that
it sings really nicely into the skin and
it provides a lot a lot a lot of
hydration so I've already put this on
this morning and then about 30 so 40 so
minutes ago I put on my SPF this is the
super glue super glue this is the super
glue
what girl we're not putting super glue
on our face this is the super goop glow
stick and it has an SPF of 50 in it I
like to have my sunscreen on but I also
like to have it sit on my skin for a
minute so that my skin is basically dry
and I'm not putting the powder on
anything wet so the skin is prepped and
ret to go right to go so let's put on
our cat ears the shade I'm gonna use
today is the our 330 this is the same
shade that I use in the actual
foundation itself so when I first got
this powder foundation I'm not usually
one to use like the little applicator
that it comes with but I feel like this
is where the magic is I started using it
on the black side just not knowing I was
like oh no not the white side the white
side looks too nice but this is the side
you want to use this is honestly the
magic I'm gonna load up my little
applicator here and then let's just see
if you can tell right away the
difference it makes in my skin like I
feel like it just eliminates everything
like okay by blemish see you later
see ya later
so good
Emily this is like a ASMR video
I gotta take these cat ears off because
these are screaming my head a lot so
let's cut back to my face like what ten
seconds ago just so you can see like the
comparison side-by-side because I feel
like it happens so quickly when I wake
up in the morning I have a lot of
redness in my face I had a breakout here
and here I'm not even sure because I
can't even really see it on my face
right now the first day that I use this
powder foundation I just like stood back
in the mirror and was like whoa I
honestly still love the Kat Von D one
bareMinerals is still really good but
the fact that I like the applicator that
this comes with I feel like it makes it
even easier and like my top favorite
because everything I need is right here
you can build the coverage on this if
you like so it does have like a 12-hour
wear time I have worn this for a really
long time and it still looks good
obviously there are some parts that
needs to be touched up if you're gonna
wear for 12 hours but I like that it
doesn't look cakey and that the powder
itself is a buildable powder so some
days I will just wear the powder
foundation alone just like this go do
whatever I need to do just want to cover
up some redness get rid of a little bit
of shine just look a little more matte
and even toned and it's like two seconds
and you're out the door that's why I
love it it's SuperDuper fast but some
days I do add like a little bit more I
don't know if I want to add a little bit
more I think I just want to go as is
like maybe throw on some lip balm let's
try this tower twenty-eight board
throwing a little bomb so our lips look
like Stella chap cook it a little color
oh this is nice ooh this one is called
fire this is the tower 28 sign on lip
jelly and fire I talked about these on
my Instagram story a little bit ago
they have clear and then they just came
out with three like tinted ones like an
orange or red and a purple this one is
in the shade fire which is perfect it's
just gives like a little bit of color to
your lip and it is like um like a gloss
but it's also like a jelly so it's like
good for your lips but it doesn't feel
sticky and it doesn't leave them like
more dry so really really into these I
don't feel like I want to do anything
else really because it's really really
hot outside we got to go to like tile
stores and you know like when you go to
tile stores they don't have like any air
condition they just have like Big Ass
Fans so I'm not trying to sweat
everything off so I think I'm just gonna
go like this for the day I
a full powder foundation routine where I
add more like I do some concealer and
some blush and my brows and like all
that jazz so I will leave that in the
bottom bar if you guys want to watch
that full one again this is the makeup
forever matte velvet skin it is the
blurring powder foundation literally
life-changing I love this so much so so
so much so I hope you guys enjoyed this
quick video I'm gonna go try to find
some tile for the bathroom
yes we're blogging we're gonna go this
week we're gonna try this week with no
music and see how that goes so that is
it for me I hope you guys enjoyed this
really quick video and yeah I don't have
anything else to say except I will see
you guys SuperDuper soon in a new video
