hello and welcome back to my channel so
I figured we could do a regular ass look
today it's not like super regular is
gonna be glam of course I'm going to use
a bunch of new products that I haven't
tried before I mean maybe the foundation
will try and like the brow product like
you know like the staples will be the
same but I am gonna be using a bunch of
things that I've never used before and I
figured we could do like a non Halloween
look because I'm sad to say that the
Halloween looks have come to an end
that's it for Halloween it's been
Halloween for weeks over here and it's
not even actually Halloween yet I also
want to say thanks for all the love on
the look that I did with Biebs Jeremy if
you guys don't know his real name I
think a lot of you think that his name
is actually Biebs and it's Jeremy which
kills me from that video it seems like a
lot of you want to see a lot more beeps
in the videos so I don't know what we're
gonna do but we'll figure it out
Before we jump into actually doing our
makeup I wanted to talk to you guys
about my audible pick of the month I've
been part of with audible forever now
and you guys tend to like my book
recommendations so I think this might be
my last one of the year I'm not sure
we're like heading into November which
is crazy
but that means Christmas I just finished
listening to seven Habits of Highly
Effective People because ma'am I have
always struggled still always struggle
it's definitely one of my weaknesses
with being productive um I don't know
why it's just very easy for me to be
like I'll just do it tomorrow I'll just
do tomorrow I'll just do tomorrow but
honestly like tomorrow isn't guaranteed
for anybody so I'm just trying to get
into a better mindset and be more
proactive and starting to make lists and
everything like that and I feel like
this book really helped me out I wanted
to write down kind of the 7 Habits that
he teaches you in the book and they are
to be proactive to set goals to
prioritize to think when win listen if
synergize maintain and inspire and he
breaks them down in a way that isn't
like other like kind of self-help ebooks
that I would listen to he breaks it down
in a way that is more like structured
and just like steadily kind of working
towards improving yourself and I just
really liked the message in the book so
if you guys are trying to be more
effective like a girl you can go to
audible.com
Nicolle or you can text Nicole - 500 500
audible is unmatched in their selection
of books they also have audible
originals now which I am about to listen
to hold on it looked really good it's
called like the sisters or something and
it was an audible original and now I
can't find it I'm sure we'll talk about
it eventually but it looked it looked
really good so they have their own
audible originals if you don't like a
book with audible you can return the
book no questions asked and download
something new to listen to I love
listening to audiobooks I've just always
been obsessed with books and now that I
get to listen to them it's just very
soothing and relaxing
to me listening to audiobooks really
helped me to Zen out and if you have not
tried it I definitely recommend it if
you want to try audible for yourself and
if you haven't already go to audible.com
slash Nicol and you are in there boom
Zend out ready to take on the world okay
so shall we pop into the makeup yes yes
and I know that you guys want like a
video cuz like everyone's like oh my god
you said you never wanted to get married
okay well I also didn't like broccoli a
long time ago either so we'll talk about
it soon what am i doing I bang the [ __ ]
out of this little double piercing
yesterday and you would have thought
Jason from Friday the 13th slicing right
ear open it was just like oh it's a
little much sorry you're welcome for
that story I'm going to prime my skin
with a new moisturizer this is the
primeira Alpine berry water cream I love
a water cream I love touches water cream
but it's always nice to try new things
and see if you know you like that better
or whatnot I would just like to say that
long nails or dye is back because these
things are so long I literally can't do
anything anymore without tweezers oh oh
it looks a little thicker than the
actual touch of water cream that I'm
used to the reason that I love a water
cream is because you get like a super
intense punch of hydration but it
absorbs into the skin really quickly so
you can move right on to doing your
makeup feels a little heavier than the
tatcha water cream but not heavy like an
actual moisturizer or anything like that
I'm pretty sure that that brand is like
a clean skin care brand as well does
anybody else take all their skin care
products onto the back of their hands
cuz you know like your hands a
quickly to because they're just exposed
to a lot in general so whenever I'm
doing my skincare routine I always just
follow whatever's on my face onto my
hands okay wait let's just talk a second
it while this sinks into the skin
but there are just so many new makeup
products that are coming out that I
can't even keep up like I'm just like
they're like it hurts my eyes
take it away the amount of new palates
that have come out hello I think I'm
gonna use cars palette today cuz I
really I really haven't got a chance to
play with it I wore this when we were in
New York for her birthday last week but
we literally got off the plane and it
went straight to the Airbnb that she had
and I just slapped like one shade Bible
into the my crease and I was out the
door so I really want to get in to this
this moisturizer feels really nice I can
feel the hydration on my skin I'm also
going to use a primer today which I have
not been using primers but it looks good
it's a pro collagen instant smooth
primer and I'm not really sure how to
pronounce the name Elemis Elemis le miss
I'm probably just like killing that name
I'm so sorry it looks very much like a
silicone II primer at first when you
look at it well is what it reminds me of
but it goes on like lighter feeling I
saw I feel I sometimes feel like that
already looks better I sometimes feel
like silicone primers are just a bit
much and that's like all that I ever
wanted to use a silicone primers and now
I'm like picking here this probably does
have some sort of silicone in it though
because smoothing out your girl for
foundation I'm going to use the
anastacio luminous foundation it took me
a minute to use foundation but it
actually is I think my current favorite
I really love the Dior skin as well make
it forever Ultra HD I used in my one
video and I've been loving that but this
guy provides so much coverage that I
just can't stop using it I'm currently
using it in 220 N which is neutral look
at that it looks so good on the skin
on Disney World like yeah why don't we
want to just mere oh I've been to Disney
World in so long but we're going because
it's Evelyn's birthday the bean you know
like the little human that you guys see
my blog sometimes it's her birthday so
we're gonna have a girls weekend in
Disney oh I guess it's during the week
so a girl's week a girls day in Disney
you can see that the mermaid head peas
right there
mocking us for not doing it this year
yeah I think I'm gonna get my brows done
before the year is over y'all be talking
so much [ __ ] to me like how do you guys
seem like that new brow lamination
technique where it's kind of like a brat
like how they do the lash lift which I
had once before and I really liked it
actually
I just don't think that I could do it
again because it was it just felt really
weird you'd like a little perm rod on
your lash line and it just I don't know
I don't think I could handle it again
but I've seen this new thing where it's
like brow lamination or brow lift I
don't really know like what the
technical term is but you know how like
always fluff my brows up and your brows
will stay like that for six weeks so I'm
gonna have them laminated and shaped
soon I think in November we're gonna go
to LA that's like the only place I could
find there's nobody around here that
does it of course but I'm gonna get my
brows done so you can stop talking [ __ ]
no brows
so we're gonna use a Carli bybel palette
with honest ostia Beverly Hills like it
just looks so much like mom what are we
gonna do oh this Aurora shade it looks
really pretty loaded Oh am I feeling
pink today I'm feeling like being girly
the amount of makeup brushes that I have
to wash from all the Halloween makeup
out of control like what's wrong with
this brush why is it look I'm gonna go
into Bible I don't have a primer or
anything on my lids I just have some
concealer that I dragged down I don't
know if I feel like Steve and Aurora are
calling to me I feel like I need to do a
different color I'm actually gonna
switch this look up because I'm just
feeling these two shades next to each
other so it's a Steve and Aurora just
gonna take some Steve on a flat brush
like this and do the same thing
oh wow just gonna kind of cover up Bible
or blended into it
whichever holy moly this might be my new
I just said holy moly Who am I
this might be my new favorite eyeshadow
shade fine if you get it right there on
the lid we're gonna cover that up anyway
oh the shade and yes yes just using like
I said a flat brush I'm just pushing the
product onto the lid into the crease and
then taking like a fluffy brush this has
a little bit of Steve on it as well
blend that up into the crease I'm glad
we changed our mind I'm just gonna keep
picking up Steve and placing it on my
lid and then kind of blending it out not
kind of lending it out definitely
blending it out I don't know why I say
kind of when if that's what I'm actually
doing and then just keep building it up
until you feel like it's to your liking
the pigment and everything but this
shade honestly I think this is like my
new favorite eyeshadow of life to cut
our crease I'm gonna use this P Louise
Mitchell this is acid rain and this is
in the shade blank canvas to cut our
crease put it on the lid look up and
then wherever it hits that's just kind
of like my guideline
dang that was like way fuller coverage
than the P Louise basis I'm just gonna
start tapping this edge so it blends
more with the eye shadow I'm just
tapping it so that it's picking up like
excess product so that our eyelid isn't
like soaking wet and we put the other
shade on top I'm gonna pick up the shade
Aurora and then push that right on top
of here oh yeah give it to me
this is just straight try to like I
didn't use any fix plus this brush is
dry I got a little fallout happening but
nothing crazy I'm gonna go back to our
flat brush and then just start closing
this in okay let's get this out there I
on I want to show you wish it was that
fast to get our eye shadow on so I'm
gonna put some lashes on and then we can
really like always see what needs to be
adjusted and if you guys do any kind of
cut crease or anything I feel like this
is the holiest grail cutting crease
product of life it's a little thick
this is a cosmetic paint but definitely
like sometimes with a pea Louise base I
like the fact that it's a little bit
more creamy and softer but sometimes I
have to go over my eye a couple times
because it just picks up a lot of shadow
underneath and then the bases and is
white this [ __ ] is the bomb so I'm gonna
use these Ebadi B lashes we match we
match and they are in the style i G I
like these a lot I've never tried this
style from batty B lashes I like the
separation in between all the lashes I
haven't even glued them down yet
oh so whenever I have a thicker lash
band like the baddie B lashes have I
usually always draw over it with some
kind of black liner just to kind of
disguise the band a little bit I feel
like after your lashes on the whole
process moves really quickly I don't
know why I like this takes so long but
it does for concealer I'm gonna try out
this a dose of colors concealer I've had
these for a minute I just found them
sitting over there and I was like how
dare I not have tried these
I basically love all dose of color stuff
and I'm using this in the
shade light/medium 11 wait yeah
light/medium 11 feels so Kareem it
alakazoo or March or her rep round I am
Barney but I like to start blending my
concealer from like the edge out and
just tap up under
hold this all the way out
can use it to clean up under the eye as
well did you all see how easy that
concealer just blend it out I like this
shade too it's not too bright but it's
definitely it definitely has a
brightening effect under the eye but
with powder and everything it always
tends to get a little brighter um Wow
stop okay I've just been missing out not
using this concealer having it's over
there in the box
I'm really not surprised though because
I love anything dose of colors never
disappointed in them but this concealer
actually no I'm not gonna ruin I'm not
doing I'm not doing it I'm using my
tried-and-true Ben Nye way I'm saying
all these nice things about you and this
is how you treat me as I was saying or
I'm so rudely interrupted I'm gonna use
the ben nye translucent powder I just
love this so so much I love how it says
underneath the eyes and I really like
this like little pinky tinge it has to
it really that can see I don't even that
I see no lines under there
did I just find like the holiest of holy
grail concealers I think I think I've
did so set the rest of my face I'm gonna
use another magical product this is the
makeup forever a met a velvet skin a
blurring powder foundation it is a
mouthful a year sure - but for real this
is a magical powder to set your face
with or you know use it on your own
whatever you want to do I just think it
makes you look you know I have no idea
what Russia I'm using guys I'm pulling
out all the random ass brushes that I
have in my collection because I switch
to brush H burger so keep moving through
that powder me and the Oh myself to
bronze I'm gonna use this lawless this
is the velvet matte bronzer in the shade
bronzer in the shade Gold's an hour
don't know if this bronzer is new that's
still pretty new to me but literally the
first time I use it I think
turned into my favorite bronzer we have
a new a Jew a cheek palette you know
I've been using that cheek palette I
think since last year I feel like that
was like in their holiday kit last year
and I just got this bad boy so I'm gonna
do a little combo which like combos or
life of this guy here no no we're gonna
do a combo of kiss me and peach quartz
we're just gonna pick up Rallo where
there's you know a little bit of that
give a little tap these blushes are
pretty pigmented so start light work
your way up guys no blush is my favorite
so I'm comfortable a little heavy Laham
blush disappears quickly from your face
so if you glowed it on heavy at first
don't be alarmed it'll fade out I'm
adding a little bit of garnet to the mix
which was the shade here
I just feel like an elf after I put
blush on is that weird I'll just use
that same powder brush that we used
Mich it with everything then we're going
to use our urban decay setting spray
because we put a lot of powder on our
face and then take your Beauty Blender
just to push it all in to the skin just
to bring your skin back to life you said
I mean I feel like after the eyes it
just moves a lot faster around here I'm
gonna use a makeup forever artist pencil
I love these they are like
multifunctional use them on your eyes
your lips you can use them on your face
you can you can draw on your cats with
these if you want to don't draw on your
cat with these and I'm just going to put
this in my waterline and a little bit
underneath my lower lash line before we
add shadow then I'm gonna take the
shades same what I'm gonna take the same
shade Steve and start pulling that under
the eye as well these brows upwards okay
so for the lip I'm going to use the same
universal earth that we used in our
waterline because it was really pretty
sometimes it is different on your lips
though than it is in your waterline but
I really like this shade kind of just
blending these edges a little bit and
I'm gonna put a little bit of Dollface
from Too Faced
in there I know I know
give it a second and then on top of that
I'm gonna put a little bit of this Pat
McGrath Donatella we're not done go back
to our lip liner a little blend you
brush and then I'm gonna top it all off
with this chinchilla so juicy gloss from
a color pop I'm not sure why it's neon
pink in there but I'm gonna add this to
it as well it's a hater gloss we are now
a good witch so this is the completed
look I hope you guys enjoyed I got to
get out of here there's a burrito in the
kitchen it's calling my name if you
listen closely you can hear it good
maybe I can just hear it
so that is it for me I don't think I
have anything else to tell you guys
except I love you and I will see you
super soon in a new video
