I do have a serious question though
before we jump it's in this video can
you grow more baby hairs later in life
because I honestly don't remember having
this much hair before hit I'm just
looking hello and welcome back to my
channel so today I have partnered with
Sephora inside JCPenney
to kind of show you guys some new and
exclusive products that I used to create
this spring long-lasting makeup tutorial
I just can't wait to talk about this
product with you guys cuz it's so good
it's so good
Sephora inside JCPenney is personally
where I always shop because it is just
closest to me as opposed to going to
like a standalone Sephora that's just
that's just like out of my range girl
like it's far from me so I'm really
lucky to have a Sephora inside JCPenney
really close to me plus they just redid
mine so mine is like really cute it's
bigger than it used to be and I want to
shout out all the girls that work at my
Sephora inside JCPenney because they're
all really cool and always really
helpful when I go into the store also
the rainbow Bay's will be back I just
thought we would take like this week to
do like you know regular looks because I
haven't put like regular makeup on I
wore makeup on Sunday because I had a
wedding which I basically wore this face
just different eyes and different lips
but I feel like the main thing is like
the base and the foundation in the
setting spray to help it last forever
because my makeup lasted all night long
and I did that exact thing on my face I
just changed up the eyes and the lips I
just wanted to use these little Kasia
bento Beauty bouncy shimmer shadows I'm
also gonna be doing a giveaway in this
video where five of you are going to win
a $50 gift card for Sephora inside
JCPenney
so all you have to do is leave me a
comment down below on which product you
are most excited to try out from this
video and you are automatically entered
to win if you leave me a comment so I
will be picking the winners within a
week of this video going up you don't
have to sing for your supper again if
you want to be entered to win the $50
gift card all you got to do is leave me
a comment down below and you're in there
it's easy I like to make things easy for
you guys so this makeup is going to last
you a long time mainly because of the
primer that we're going to use it is
honestly one of the best primers I have
ever used ever and I have used so many
kind of like my holy grail kind of
now I know that it can withstand
humidity and heat and dancing and all
that fun stuff that happens at a wedding
so I'm really excited I'm just really
excited for this primer like it's
honestly so good so you guys want to
hang out with me for the next couple of
minutes or so while we transform and
turn ourselves into this then I would
really love it all right so to prep our
base I'm going to use the milk hydro
grip primer this is probably the best
primer that I've ever used for a while I
was kind of off primers um just because
I felt like the hydrating mask that I
was using was really doing my skin
justice and I felt like I didn't need to
use a primer but when I saw this hydro
grip primer from milk makeup I was
really intrigued by it and because when
I knew it was hydrating and - it was a
gripping primer which means it has a lot
of stickiness to it I mentioned this on
my Instagram the other day and a lot of
you were like what are you talking about
when you're talking about stickiness so
because it is a gripping primer you will
feel like the tackiness on your skin
when you first apply it but you can't
feel it once you apply your foundation
the stickiness is like the magic
ingredient that is what's going to keep
your makeup locked on to your face and a
lot of you are concerned if you had oil
leaks can I have like more combination
skin now that I'm getting older but it
will work if you have oily or dry skin
or combination skin and the best way
that I find to apply it is to just apply
it with your finger since it is kind of
sticky so I'm just gonna work this onto
my cheeks first so when you're applying
this you're gonna want to let it sit on
your skin for about a minute before you
go in and apply your foundation you can
see like the stickiness happening right
so I'm gonna kind of do the face that I
did when I went to a wedding on Sunday
because my makeup was locked and loaded
it did not budge it did not move I also
caught the bouquet at the wedding what
while we let this think and I'll tell
you the story I don't think I've gotten
as many DMS as I did when I posted that
I caught that bouquet on Sunday it was
like oh the dangers of being tall girl I
didn't even stand up okay I didn't even
get up to go catch the bouquet I was
like I'm not getting that but the way
that all the girls had lined up was
directly in front of our table and I was
like I'm just gonna sit here because
she's gonna bomb the bouquet over all
those girls and I'm just gonna catch it
that's exactly what happened so I was
sitting behind all the girls waiting to
catch the bouquet
the bride throws the bouquet over
everybody and it boot lands right next
to me on the floor and I just picked it
up and I was like got it okay so for a
foundation I'm going to use the laura
mercier flawless Lumiere radiance
perfecting foundation I've been really
into this foundation I wear it in two
and one cashew it's very full coverage
but it's luminous at the same time which
I really like I don't really love like a
matte foundation if I want to look matte
I'll just apply powder so we're just
going to pop this on with our Beauty
Blender and you can see like the
coverage is just so nice do you guys
take foundation over your lids
I am always curious like I've just put
foundation everywhere so we're just
gonna use the power of editing to get
these brows on and I wish I could do my
brows as fast
no browse to browse I'm torn do I want
to use this little tiny Natasha - no no
palette because it's so cute there's a
nother new and exclusive product from
Sephora inside JCPenney
so cute but I don't know if I want to do
like a brown I think I want to do like a
sparkly pink look we're gonna use the
kasha this is the beauty bento bouncy
shimmer eyeshadow trio in sparkling rose
a and we're just gonna do like a cute
simple pink springy eyes so we're gonna
go with this first shade here I'm only
gonna use this one shadow if you guys
are familiar with my channel you know I
like to do a lot of just like one shadow
looks I feel like I'd just have cat hair
all over my face yeah so we're first
gonna go on with a flat brush just to
kind of pack the shadow on our lid and
then we're gonna go in with a fluffier
brush just to kind of diffuse the
situation and then I'm gonna take like
this little small guy I'm just gonna
pick up a little bit of product on it
and just kind of diffuse our crease and
blow it out a little bit they're easy to
work with which I really appreciate and
then I'm gonna go back in with our flat
brush and just kind of pack some more
color onto the lid just so we get a
little more of that shimmer which I
really like one eyeshadow that's all you
need so I'm gonna throw on some mascara
and lashes really quick I'm just gonna
do like a natural kind of wispy looking
lash so whatever you have will work you
I like a lash that has like a lot of
separation like in it
so that you can see what's going on you
know behind the lash because sometimes
when you throw on like too heavy of a
lash you can kind of take away from the
eye shadow so for concealer today I'm
going to use this accomplice concealer
from Marc Jacobs and I'm using mine in
the shade affair 16 I haven't used a
stick concealer like this in a really
long time which I'm excited for because
I really like stick foundations so when
I saw this guy I was like alright I'm
intrigued I want to try this stick
concealer and see if I love it so I like
to just go under my eyes one more time
with the Beauty Blender before I apply
concealer because the Beauty Blender is
gonna help take off any excess product
that's under there because if you have
it too much product underneath your eyes
that's where you can get like a lot of
creasing and stuff I'll take this guy
and just go underneath our eye I really
like the color of it okay and then I
like to blend things out with a little
brush blends out really really nice like
it didn't take a lot of effort and you
can see like some pores happening here
but if you take your brush and kind of
just like swirl your pores will
disappear and I can't mine oh sure I can
actually go in and Tapani why I like it
I'm just gonna set really quick
underneath the eyes so I found that you
can either set this foundation or you
cannot set it I'm just a setting type of
person just because it's really hot in
Florida and humid so I usually always
tend to set my makeup even if it doesn't
need it I'm gonna use the Kat Von D
powder foundation because I really like
the texture of it
or the finish of it more I guess I
should say it makes you look really
smooth I guess is what I'm trying to say
and it doesn't look really dry on your
face which I really like so I'm just
gonna quickly set some of this makeup
and I use mine in the shade medium 145 I
really like this eye shadow I like that
it almost looks wet cuz the shimmer for
bronzer I'm gonna use the Too Faced
chocolate Soleil bronzer just to add a
little bit of like warmth to the face
you don't need a ton of the Too Faced
bronzer because it is very very
pigmented so if you do use it make sure
you're using a light hand always like to
pull it back into my hairline as well up
onto my
4head okay I'm pretty sure that nor I'm
puttin worse I'm pretty sure that NARS
orgasm blush was like one of my first
kind of high-end purchases this is a
universal blush so it basically looks
good on everybody and you guys know well
if you don't know blush is like one of
my favorite steps to do in makeup like I
just like a lot of color on the cheek
and blush is one of the first things to
fade which I have told you guys before
so don't be scared if like you feel like
you put your blush on a little heavy
because it fades the fastest out of
everything that you do so I like to
apply it a little heavier at first just
because I know it's gonna fight it's
gonna go away
I also like that the NARS orgasm blush
has a little bit of shimmer to it cuz it
makes sure cheeks kind of look
highlighted without having to apply
highlight and even though there's
shimmer in it it doesn't look like
glitter on your face it just gives like
a sheen like a little glow to your
cheeks which I really like okay so we're
gonna work on the under underline what
we're gonna work on our lower lash line
and I am gonna use this cute little
palette from Natasha Sonoma but first
I'm going to apply some eyeliner and
this is from Kat Von D and it is there
cake pencil in the shade
Mad Max Brown I really like a brown
shadow no no no I really like a brown
eyeliner in my waterline and underneath
my lower lash line and these Kat Von D
liners are super duper creamy really
easy to work with so I'm gonna apply it
a little bit underneath my lashes as
well and then apply a little bit of this
guy with a little bit of this guy
because I want it to be you know kind of
the same brown that's going on in and
this guy seems a little too light and
this guy's a little too dark so I'm just
gonna give them a little mix and then
apply that underneath just to create
like a little bit of a shadow you know
me you know that I didn't really like a
lot on my lower lash line but I started
to do this little shadow because my
lashes always touch underneath my eye
and I find when I put shadow underneath
my eye that it's not as bad or as
noticeable so I've been doing a lot of
shadow underneath my eye just to kind of
counteract the mascara that's under
there because if I don't put anything on
an air
find that my mascara just kind of gets
all underneath my undereyes I don't
really like that and with the shadow it
might still do it but it's not as
noticeable to me and when I blend it out
it just kind of blends into the under
eye shadow which is really helpful so I
got a little mascara under there we're
just gonna let that dry a little flake
right off I honestly feel like sometimes
my lower lashes are longer than my top
lashes like why why so long under there
don't try to remove that if it's wet
you're just gonna smear it you're gonna
mess up your under eyes you're gonna get
mad you're gonna take all your makeup
off so just let it dry and it'll flake
right off so I'm gonna use the Urban
Decay all nighter spray OG favorite I
honestly feel like nothing compares to
the all-nighter spray this will keep
your makeup locked and loaded especially
if you're using the milk hydro grip
primer I think is - are the key to
makeup lasting forever and ever ever so
I'm just gonna shake this guy up and
really go to town don't be stingy okay
for lip we're gonna use one of the new
Too Faced peach puff diffused matte lip
color and I think I'm gonna use it in in
the flesh but I might mix a couple this
one is obviously like a more newbie one
so we're just gonna crank this guy up I
[Music]
want to go a little more pink I think I
want to try a day drinking which is this
guy here again we're us are you up were
you out there you are yeah let's see
yeah
mm-hmm I like that so I'm gonna put a
little bit of the peach one on top just
so we have like the same color combo
going so these are diffused matte shades
remember that they do it does feel
really nice on my lip even though it is
matte yeah smells so good and then on
top of it cuz I like a little bit of
gloss to the lip I'm gonna add some of
the NARS orgasm this is the lip oil oil
infused Lipton so you could totally use
this on this on your own on its own
get it together girl mmhmm mm-hmm feels
good
cute this might be like the most
comfortable lip combo I've ever worn
like the peach puffs with this NARS lip
oil on top I gotta say that's again what
is this the oil infused Lipton NARS
orgasm oh can nurse can you come out
with this on more colors please
appreciate it so this is the finished
look I hope you guys enjoyed I'm really
in like I don't wear pink lips that much
but I really like this lip a lot it's so
comfy so this is oh wow there's a little
little umph
so this is it for my long lasting of
spring makeup again this makeup will
last you all night I feel like the hero
product of this whole look is the milk
makeup hydro grip primer you can find
this at Sephora inside JCPenney as well
as the majority of all the other
products that I used I will have them
listed in the bottom bar for you guys I
cannot wait to get back to filming it
just feels so nice not to be sick you
guys like I just feel like a brand new
human being so that is it for me I hope
you guys enjoy it and I will see you
super soon in a new video bye guys
