mm-hmm of course of course hello and
welcome back to my channel you guys got
a little shimmy for that one today's
video is going to be my current
favorites I feel like we don't really do
a lot of like sitting and talking videos
anymore so I kind of want to bring those
back I feel like I just kind of
mentioned my favorites to you when I'm
doing a makeup tutorial so I just want
to kind of just sit and chat with you
guys today
also the rainbow Bay's are coming back I
took a little break from them because I
don't I had strep throat last week I
know that I get sick a lot and it's true
I do get sick a lot I feel like I have a
weak immune system so I've just been
trying to eat like healthier and just
like take better care of myself which
I've been doing for a while but it
definitely is a struggle I used to
always get strep throat when I was
younger to the point where I almost
thought I was gonna have to get my
tonsils taken out and then all of a
sudden I stopped getting strep throat
and then I started getting it again so I
might have to go get my tonsils taken
out but that's like that's like a whole
nother subject
it really feels so nice not to be sick
and feel like energetic and like you
know have energy to do stuff so yeah I
figured we could sit and chat and the
small nails have grown on me even though
this is probably long nails to some of
you these are like little baby jelly
beans to me but what should i do daph oh
I just don't want to let go of the
leopard I love them so much they look so
90s to me okay okay okay let's talk
about some of my favorite products so my
first favorite is from Tarte and it is
this found can see found found found
sealer found sealer sorry say say
multitasking a foundation and it's
supposed to be like skincare and makeup
in one it's not supposed to do that I
have it on my skin today and I'm wearing
it in light/medium stand which is 27s
and I love this foundation I think it
looks so natural and duly on your skin
plus it also has some skin care in it as
well this can be a totally buildable
foundation you can apply it with your
fingers to get like a sheer wash of
color over your face and just like a
sheer coverage you can also apply it
with a damp spot
which will give you I believe light to
medium coverage but come on we know that
I'm a full-coverage kind of gal so if
you want a full coverage out of this
foundation you are going to apply it
with a brush and I actually use the
Tarte brush that's recommended with this
foundation and it just gives you a
fuller coverage but you still get like
that really dewy healthy looking glow
which is my favorite kind of look for
foundation so this is again the found
sealer multitasking foundation that's
gonna be like a great summer foundation
because it feels really really light my
favorite thing is full coverage light
feeling foundations that don't make me
look mad if I want to look matte I'm
just gonna apply some powder hey
speaking of powder I've mentioned this
to you guys before I did like a whole
video on my powder foundation routine
but I still still absolutely love this
this is the bare minerals original
powder foundation and again I have it in
this bigger size because during holiday
at Sephora they always come out with
like these larger deluxe sizes so that's
what I usually try to get them I wear
mine in light o.8 and this foundation
even though it's powder it provides so
much coverage but it also has like a
little bit of luminosity in the powder I
have tried to apply this foundation with
other brushes and I don't think that any
of them really give the coverage that
the original bare minerals kabuki brush
right kabuki brush this is the regular
kabuki brush it's just the extended
handle I don't feel like any other brush
really does what this brush does so I
apply it in a standard way I just hit
some in the cap swirl it around and then
kind of buff it onto the skin which is
not a technique that I like to do I
don't really like to do a lot of buffing
I like to do a lot of pushing into the
skin but with this foundation and this
brush they just go so good together and
all you got to do is buff and you just
have like the most perfect base canvas
luminous looking skin with a powder
foundation and it goes on SuperDuper
fast I will link my powder foundation
routine in the bottom bar where I kind
of use this guy so you can see what the
hell is going to one I keep thinking
there's someone like outside my window
and it's just the damn tree like blowing
in the wind out there so tree stop
trying to get me this guy right
tear this milk hydro grip primer is the
best primer I have ever used I talked
about it on Instagram I have a video
coming out where you guys will see me
using it I have it on today I have it on
anytime I wear makeup and it's the best
primer I've ever used for a while I
wasn't using primers because I was just
using the summer fridays jetlag masks
which we'll talk about in a second it's
just like a hydrating mask but I liked
it before my foundation but then this
milk makeup one came out and I was just
completely blown away by this primer it
is a very sticky primer it's a grip
primer and a lot of people when I were
talking when I was talking about it on
Instagram we're DMing me being like okay
so what's up with the stickiness is it
go away I don't really like sticky
things on my face the stickiness does go
away once you apply your foundation
you're gonna want to apply this to your
face kind of wait a minute and then
apply your foundation and your makeup
doesn't go anywhere I wore this to an
outdoor wedding my makeup didn't budge I
had a baby no a baby shower I had a
bridal shower I was at yesterday that
was outside in Florida it was 91 degrees
makeup did not budge I'm so impressed by
this primer so if you live in like a hot
climate this is for you if you're going
on vacation in a hot climate and you
still want to be beat this primer is for
you and it also provides a lot of
hydration to your face which is good so
I don't apply a moisturizer I just only
apply this as my primer and then go
straight in with my foundation but
remember to just kind of give it a
minute to set and then you should be
good to go a lot of people are also
asking what I think of the cover of X
gripping primer which I have I just have
not tried yet but I want to try it so I
can kind of give you my opinion on the
two but so far like I don't see myself
reaching for another primer like this
this is it so since I just was
mentioning summer fridays this is the
mini summer fridays like how cute is
this even though the full-size summer
fridays is tsa approved like you can
take it with you and your travel which i
always do i just think that like
anything miniature is like so cute like
why why are girls like that like why do
we like many things if it's mini like
I'm like I'll buy it it's small and cute
give it to me but I'm obsessed with the
summer Friday's jetlag mask it is the
most hydrating mask I've ever used I
feel like it just
makes my skin look so plump and dewy and
glowy I most of the time use the sky as
an overnight mask so I'll put like um
not like a thick layer on my face but
just enough to where you can see a
little bit of the white mask and then I
just let it all sink in and sleep in it
and when I wake up I look like
Cinderella like I just have like glowing
skin the birds are coming through the
window singing it's honestly the best
hydrating mask ever ever ever hands down
drop the make or drop the mini summer
fridays
I'm sorry mini one what I really like
also about this is you can put this mask
under your eyes and you can put it on
your eyelids as well I also apply it to
my hands when we're flying and traveling
just because it's such an extremely
hydrating mask so love this guy if you
have not tried it they have little mini
versions now so if you want to try if
you didn't want to splurge on the big
one they have these cute little guys now
which I like little many things I stole
this room beeps alright next from Ben
Nye and this is their fair translucent
powder this is one of the best under-eye
setting powders in my opinion I get mine
on Amazon and this little bottle will
last you forever and ever and ever you
guys know that I love the hourglass I
love the Patrick Starr one from Mac
there's a lot of setting powders now
that are really good
hold on unlike karna god I love cats
there's just hair everywhere there's a
lot of really good come on there are a
lot of really good studying powders
nowadays but this one is just so smooth
and brightening underneath the eyes that
I've only been using this as of recently
I kind of feel back as I'm neglecting
all my other ones but this one just
gives kind of such a smooth appearance
underneath the eyes and I just really
like the texture of the powder itself
plus it has like a little bit of a pink
tinge to it I honestly feel like this is
what like Kylie like modeled her setting
powders after was like this Ben Nye
powder because it is it's just really
really good if you've never tried one I
definitely recommend to try one like I
said these little kind of jars will last
you so so long I honestly just pour some
out on my table there's like a little
pile right here and just kind of work
from there otherwise you can pour some
in your hand and then just
get rid of the powder if you will but
definitely try the Ben Nye powder if you
have never tried it they come in a bunch
of different colors but for me fair
works the best because your girl's a
little on the light side two bronzers
that I have been obsessed with I'm
pretty sure that these are relatively
new but I've been using them for a
little minute they're from bareMinerals
and they are the endless summer bronze
this one is faux tan and this one is
warmth and I use them both in kind of
together SPO tan is going to give you
like more of like a natural looking tan
warmth obviously has a little more of
warmth in it like a little more oranjee
tone but not to where it looks orange on
your face so I use these together I use
them all the time I think I use photon a
little more I also like to use these
guys on my lids kind of just give me
like that monochromatic look that you
guys know that I love I love everything
to kind of mesh and be the same on the
face
so these bronzers are really really good
very easy to blend on your skin very
pigmented I just can't say enough good
things about them and I'm glad that I
found some new bronzers because I felt
like I was like stuck on the same
bronzer or ever it is you shocked I know
that in some places it's like still cold
and snowing that's not happening here in
Florida okay winter is here no summer is
here Game of Thrones was on last night
so My Mind's a little preoccupied with
that from Dragon Beauty this is Nikita
dragons brand this is her color
corrector which I have been using I used
to use color corrector all the time
because I have dark circles underneath
my eyes and also you guys know that I
have under-eye filler which I haven't
gotten under-eye filler in probably like
three years now a lot of you asked me
about my under-eye filler and if I've
gotten it retouched or anything and the
answer is no I honestly think it's
because I had my undereyes overfilled so
it's kind of just it's good like I don't
think that I need it for a really long
time since I had kind of dark circles
underneath my eyes when you get
under-eye filler it brings it to the
surface
I noticed the darkness underneath my
eyes a lot more after I got the filler
and it is hereditary it's never gonna go
away
I've tried to lighten it I've gotten
laser underneath my eyes and it's still
it's just always there so the color
correcting really really helps to cancel
out those blue tones
I can totally get away with wearing
concealer without color correcting but
as the day goes on I do notice that I
start to see those blue hues underneath
my eyes and by using an orange color
corrector you're just going to cancel
out that blue tone and you're it'll just
look brighter longer I really like this
color corrector that she came out with
it is very easy to blend and the orange
color is just so true that it really
helps to cancel out it also cancels out
like greatness in the face as well so I
only use this underneath my eyes because
that's really the only place that I need
to color correct and a little tiny bit
goes a really really long way as it does
with most color correcting concealers so
if you have never tried a color
correcting concealer there's a ton on
the market you want to try one use a
very small amount otherwise you're just
gonna be blending forever and if you do
use a color corrector make sure you're
using a concealer that's thicker that's
actually gonna cover up the orange
because some concealers I find don't
really cover the orange so just kind of
keep that in mind to use like a thicker
concealer for me anyway I noticed like
if I use like a more sheer concealer I
can still see the orange tones
underneath and I also really love
Nikita's brightening powder I love a
brightening powder in general another
really good one is the k'kaw brightening
powder which is this guy here it's kind
of the same vibe let me see what this
color looks like next to it okay yeah so
as you can see they're kind of the same
exact color I only use the pink one in
this palette because the BL one is like
SuperDuper brightening and I don't need
that Bravin under-eye I also like that
it is a buildable formula I do love the
k'kaw Beauty one as you can tell this
one has been loved but I've just been
kind of stuck on this one now I do feel
like this one might be a little creamier
of a powder if that kind of makes sense
to you guys but if you can't get your
hands on this one the k'kaw brightening
powder is also amazing did you hear the
cats crying at the door my cats are
gonna be one year old next one my cats
were born on the same day that my
grandmother passed away like how that's
kind of weird right we always talk about
that because like me and my mom will be
like hands
eleven months and she's like in your
cats are 11 months like it's just so
crazy it's really weird so nan will be a
gone a year May 10th and my baby
chickens will be a year on May 10th as
well
okay we're worried so we were talking
about her brightening powder we're done
we're done with that we're done okay
let's talk about some mascaras I love
this essence brand there's like mixed
reviews on it a lot of you woody I mean
it's like oh my god that's the best
that's the best mascara and then a lot
of you'll be like oh I hated it a flaked
off on me so I think it's like to each
their own but I'm obsessed like I have
like six of these that are like in
constant rotation first of all they have
like a bajillion different versions of
mascara but I really like the volume
stylist version I really like the
formula of them and I feel like I can
build my natural lashes to look like
really thick and long the one that I
like the most is the lash extension one
which is in like this purple tube and
then my second favorite is the curl and
hold they both have different ones but I
feel like it's almost the same formula
because I don't know they feel the seams
can you see these let me put them on my
forehead the curl one has like a little
bit of curved one and then the lash
extension is very straight but I love
this brush I love how small it is
because it works really well on your
lower lashes as well I don't like any
mascara that has a super thick one like
I just can't get into it I can't work
with it I get mascara all over my face
so I really like a smaller version one
and I think that's why I like these
mascara so much plus they are
inexpensive you can find these guys at
Ulta and they are super duper
inexpensive which is amazing they are
drugstore version and I just like I said
have not met one of these essence makeup
mascaras that I haven't loved I think
that they're all really really really
really good this is the a blush palette
and I'm just like a sucker for this
shade here this is the shade that I use
all the time which is adore me and I'm
pretty sure you can get adore me you
don't have to get it in like this
six palette here you can get it like in
the little two palette I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure this is the blush I use
almost every single day it goes with any
look that I'm doing because it's not
super pink it's not super peachy it's
not super bronzy it's just kind of like
all of that in one and it's just such a
beautiful blush and I
love it and I usually always add a
little bit of NARS orgasm to this blush
because that NARS orgasm has a little
bit of like glow in it which is nice on
the cheeks because I haven't really been
wearing highlighter I don't know I'm
just like not really to it anymore so I
like the little bit of the glow that the
NARS orgasm has to it but I really love
that shade adore me alright I got two
more products to mention to you guys the
first one is from Moroccan oil body and
it's this guy here which is their night
body serum I love this I like it on its
own and I also like to mix it with my
lotion it just gives you like this
beautiful like Sheen to your skin it's
not so only use it you know before
bedtime because it's like smoothing and
firming but girl I use this all the time
like it's just so good a little bit goes
a really long way like the main place
that I focus this guy's like all over
this area here for like my arms and my
legs I'll mix it with lotion and then
like for like this area here you know I
just used it on its own but it just so
good it has a very light scent to it
nothing like overpowering and even
though it is an oil it does absorb
really quickly into your skin and you
don't feel like really oily afterwards
because for the longest time I had
issues with like applying lotion and
oils because like I just hated I don't
know like I hated how it felt it was so
weird but like the older i get i'm like
i which tries this skin okay so I
basically just lather myself in any kind
of lotion oil I can find it night now
because you need it it's your skin you
got to take care of it and then last but
not least this is a random one but I
just love this product this is from
L'Oreal and it is their magic group
cover-up I use mine in dark brown so I
don't use this for my roots you're
supposed to use it like in-between
getting your hair done so like say if
you had gray hairs and they came out
like in your roots you could just spray
this down and it would cover them up
what I use this for is if lemon I'm like
wearing my hair up or I wear my hair
like this a lot just like pulled back
out of my face because it's nice not to
have hair in your face but sometimes you
can see like you know sometimes it'll be
like when you pull your hair up you can
get like that bald spot like that so
this is just great for like cover up
covering up those bald spots I'm just
kind of making your hair look thicker it
works really great if you're wearing it
up in a ponytail or if you have like
braids in your hair it just really kind
of disguises your scalp so you don't got
to be in with the damn powder and just
there for 20 minutes trying to take care
of everything I use this all the time
just be cautious if I were to touch this
right now my fingers would get black so
I just kind of spray it in and then try
not to touch my head cuz you don't you
know get like dark brown fingers but
this guy I love love-love-love been
using him for a really long time and I
wanted to share it with you guys because
I just think it's it's the button so
that is it for me those were all the
products that I wanted to talk to you
guys about today wait what what try to
gain girl chat again okay I hope you
guys enjoyed I hope you found some cool
products that you guys can try out leave
me some of your favorite products like
so I don't have anything else to say
except I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I love you guys and I will see you
super soon in a new video
