we're back with the hair that's not
brushed hello and welcome back to my
channel it's early and I'm still
drinking my coffee still staying in my
temporary veneers the dentist did say
though that coffee and everything was
like okay I think so today I'm gonna
show you guys my memo list ik makeup or
natural s makeup make no makeup makeup
whatever y'all want to call it you can
do this with your favorite foundation
today I'm gonna use a powder foundation
which I've been really in to so I'm
gonna show you the two powder
foundations that I tend to use a lot
sometimes I do use them together because
you'll see that one gives like more of
like a luminous glow to the skin and one
is like more of a matte glow so it's
like whatever your vibe is for that day
I've been really into these two powder
foundations so if you've been looking
for like a good one hopefully one of
these will work for you but Before we
jump into today's video I quickly want
to mention to you guys my first audible
pick of the year if you guys don't know
I've been partnered with audible for a
really really really really really long
time now and I've enjoyed every second
of it a lot of you guys have audible now
too because so many of you will send
mediums like sending me book
recommendations which I really I really
love so I'm into it I'm glad you guys
are into it I've always been obsessed
with reading I don't know because I was
like an only child or what but books
have always been a passion of mine and I
just really enjoy reading them so before
I tell you about the book that I'm
currently listening to if you guys want
to start a 30-day free trial with
audible all you have to do is go to
audible.com slash Nicol they have an
unmatched selection of books anything
you want is there and the really cool
thing about audible is if you don't like
the book you can return it and get a
different book which is really cool
because sometimes you start listening to
a book and you're just like no I don't
want to listen to you that happens to me
all the time but the book that I'm
currently listening to is the
productivity project by Chris Bailey I
haven't finished it yet usually when I
talk to you guys about a book I have
finished the book I still have a few
chapters left actually I still have six
hours remaining but I'm on chapter 7 I
just started it and chapter 7 is called
why the internet is killing your
productivity
hmm we all know that I struggle with
being consistent it's just so weird it's
just something that I've struggled with
for a long time so it's just like kind
of like an eye-opening book I feel like
I take notes when I listen to this book
I have a pen and pad I have it in my
planner like the notes that I take when
I listen to this this is a book that you
definitely have to listen to thoroughly
if you do want to listen to this book
because he has amazing tips in it just
to be more productive and just to kind
of get your life together just know it's
not like a book that you can just kind
of I don't know like some books you can
lit you don't have to like really pay
attention to and you still know what's
going on like you have to pay attention
to this book but it is really amazing
I've been trying to listen to more books
that are about like just like being
productive and time management and being
consistent on all things that I struggle
with so yeah again it's called the
productivity project and if you want to
check it out and listen all you have to
do is go to audible.com slash Nicol you
can also text Nicole to five hundred
five hundred and start your free trial
that way I just love audible if you have
not tried it yet I definitely recommend
it everyone in my family listens to all
my friends listen to it it's just
audible is just bomb like it's nice to
switch it up like it's nice to listen to
before you go to sleep it's nice to
listen in the car it's nice to just
listen when you're cleaning the house or
doing something like sometimes like you
y'all know I love music but sometimes
it's just nice to chill and listen to a
book so if you want to chill and listen
to a book the links in the bottom web I
feel like I should pull this hair back a
little bit okay also do you guys want me
to do a video um like talking about my
ear pick like this damn snake this is my
one of my favorite earrings but honestly
he just flips her got me getting started
but if you do want me to do a video
talking about my piercings and the
process and the healing process and what
I think let me know in the comments down
below because I will do it I just don't
know it like I do you guys want to hear
it
I have already moisturized my skin when
I do this look I don't I make sure that
I moisturize right when I get up in the
morning because I am using a powder
foundation I like my skin to be like
a little moisturize but I don't want to
put the moisturizer on right before I
put on the powder just because I find
that if the moisturizer isn't
distributed evenly and sunken in evenly
all over your skin that sometimes the
powder foundation can actually stick to
parts of your face more intense than
others so I just always make sure that I
moisturize in the morning so I'm either
wearing this face out in public or I'm
wearing this makeup so it just kind of
it works okay so the to powder
foundations that I go between are the
Kat Von D locket powder foundation which
we used in my last video I love this
powder foundation to not only set my
foundation but I also love it on days
that I just want to kind of create like
an even canvas so this powder foundation
is going to give you more of a matte
look like I said it's all about the vibe
that you're going for that day and then
my one that gives me more of like a
luminous glowy look but it's still
powder foundation is the bare minerals
original foundation now mine looks
different because they come out with
these during holiday works just like a
jumbo deluxe size but this is just the
original bare minerals foundation and I
use this guy in light and I use the
Lockett foundation in medium 45 and both
of them are a little bit darker than
like this skin tone right here but it
does kind of end up working out and I do
always just bring whatever I've got on
my face down onto the skin that's
showing on my neck I just feel like your
face and your neck are like one entity
and they should be treated as one and
not treat it separately so whatever
you're doing to your face makeup wise
skincare wise don't forget your homie
right here like it it wants to be loved
to the look that I'm gonna go for today
I'm gonna go for like a more luminous
glow so I'm gonna use the bare minerals
but I do use these together sometimes I
feel like maybe I look a little too
blowy and I'll pop some of this Kat Von
D on top so maybe we'll do that to apply
the bare minerals foundation I'm just
going to pop some of this into the lid
and then I used the actual bare minerals
kabuki brush i'm pretty sure that i got
this on sephora that's where i got like
that deluxe eyes and then i just swirl
my brush into the product and then tap
it off and then we're gonna pop this
right on to the face now usually this
takes me like 10 15 minutes to do at the
most obviously it's gonna take us a
little longer because I'm sitting here
bullshitting with y'all but it's really
fast so I'm just going to swirl it on my
face like this Jujubee is back so I'm
gonna do this one side so if you guys
can see but I do use the swirling
buffing motion that is recommended with
this foundation I wouldn't normally do
this type of motion with a powder
foundation like with the Kat Von D one I
push that one into the skin like
everything else
I put the Kat Von D one I would take a
brush and push it into the skin like
this to make sure that I'm getting like
the perfect amount of coverage but if
you've ever tried the bare minerals
foundation you know that this is the
this is the technique so hi buddy so
here's my side that has the coverage and
the side that doesn't as you can see it
is a little bit darker than my skin tone
even though I'm still using light ou8
but it does work itself out I really
don't need to pull that much down onto
the neck because it'll just kind of work
its way into looking like my neck color
but it is a little on the darker side
but the coverage is so nice and it does
I don't know if you can tell it just has
like this really pretty like glow to the
skin that a lot of powder foundations
don't so like I look healthy and alive
over here and I'm just like I look like
I'm asleep over here so let's just work
this side out we're just gonna go in
circles boom Wow marrow this kind of
gives you like a little bit of a
luminous glow but if you want it to go
with like a more matte look I would take
like this foundation and just kind of
hit like on places that I want to be
like a little more matte in and I feel
like the two together just really
complement each other
so some days I'm not gonna lie I do just
leave the house like this I would spray
my space with a setting spray so that
it's not gonna look like powder even
though I feel like this foundation
doesn't look like powder sitting on your
skin but on days when I want to be a
little more thrown together and give my
face a little bit of dimension I will
throw some extra steps in so I'm gonna
do my brows really quick and I'm I'm
really liking this precisely my brow
pencil I just think that the color is
really nice it doesn't make my brows
look dark because as you can see I
already have dark eyebrows to begin with
so I'm just going to oh my god these are
so tight I take them off just brush
through and then now you have like a
more put-together brow than this guy
over here
and next we're just gonna do a little
bit of concealing so this is a product
that I'm absolutely obsessed with this
is the hourglass retouching fluid and I
have it in the shade natural I have it
in a bunch of shades this is just the
one that I tend to gravitate towards the
most this is on its last leg I need to
get some more but this product is just
like magical to me I really like it when
I use a powder foundation a lot of
people are nervous with powder
foundations they think that you can't
put like a liquid on top of it which you
can I've used other concealers with this
look and it's worked fine people are
nervous about liquid and powders they
think that you know you should put a
liquid on before you put a powder but
the cool thing about this guy if you do
feel that like a little bit of
nervousness is this is a retouching
fluid so it is meant to go over powders
and stuff like that so I'm gonna use it
in the shade natural we're not gonna do
anything too bright or crazy and we're
just going to pop this just in the
corner of the eye and just keep it right
there just wherever the darkest part of
your eye is and I don't know what is in
here but this this really is like my one
of like my most magical holy grail
product right here now you can tap this
out with your fingers which works just
fine but you see this long-ass nail it
just doesn't want to get in there so I
just always use a brush and just do like
a little bit of tapping to blend that
edge out and pull the product over
just a little bit I always like to go up
into the corner of my eye just cuz I
find that it gets dark in there and
that's it and I always just kind of come
in right here and tap on the side of the
nose there's no like line there that
hourglass retouching fluid is just like
I said magic coal that foundation might
have not been my friend but this is my
BFF there's a lot of hourglass products
that I like I feel bad that that
Foundation didn't work for me in that
last video but it just didn't boom
instantly you look brighter but you're
not like bright bright you know I'm
gonna set my under eyes with a little
bit of the brightening powder just a
tiny bit it doesn't really need to be
set I just like to put this here if
we're creating like more dimension on
the face so I just put it in the corners
and then I put some on my lids as well
because I just feel like my eyelids are
always dark now sometimes I don't even
use bronzer if I'm like in a rush rush
and I only got a limited amount of time
but I got time today so we're gonna put
some bronzer on it kind of just all
depends on the amount of time I have
when I'm doing this face like I said if
I don't have a lot of time I will skip
bronzer and just do blush because I feel
like if you have a blush on you can
really get away without putting bronzer
on bronzer just kind of takes it up a
notch so I'm gonna use this jouer blush
palette the two shades that I really
like in here are know me and adore me
adore me is the one that I use almost
every single day and it was the one that
I would always use like in the ones that
were like this was the adore me shade so
it's nice to like have it in this
palette and I'll usually pop a little
bit of noemi which is like the brighter
pink on top if I feel like I want to be
like extra pop in with blush blush is
one of my favorites and so I'm just
gonna hit the cheeks blush just gives
like a healthy appearance to the skin
like I like it and don't ever feel like
you're gonna put too much blush on
because blush is one of the things that
fade the fastest on your face like I
don't know if anyone else has noticed
that but you could put a ton of blush on
and then a few hours later it's like
where where's my cheek color
so I always like to go a little bit
extra heavy-handed I'm gonna take a
little bit of that know me which is the
brighter pink and add that I always like
to put it across my nose too because
that's where you would like naturally
you know like if you had like a little
sunburn here you would get it there buff
it out a little but yeah if you ever
feel like you put too much blush on
don't worry because blushes blush fades
the fastest out of anything okay okay
okay this when I was little when I would
see my mom do this like I would be like
what what in the world is this lady
doing for mascara again I'm gonna use
the essence lash princess this is such
an amazing mascara I just completely
obsessed with that I love the brush
I love the actual formula of the mascara
there's a little cat hair on here
surprise surprise I like to get really
close to my lash line that's where I
like to get a lot of the product is at
the lash line so I get here and kind of
wiggle the brush back and forth I also
like to close our iron kind of just hold
that there to give it like more lift mmm
I love this mascara gara and if you ever
get mascara like close to your lash line
just wait for it to dry and then take a
q-tip and wipe it off because once it's
dry it's gonna come off like that if you
try to take it off while it's wet you're
gonna smudge you're gonna get mad you
can even irritate even like why did this
happen so just wait for it to dry so
that is it for the face and before we do
our lip I'm gonna go in with my Urban
Decay all nighter spray and just you
know how it is spray that out of
your face I just really like to spray my
face a lot because once the setting
spray kind of sinks in to the powder or
foundation or whatever you're wearing it
just makes your skin look like skin so
don't be stingy
my everyday lip consists of the k'kaw
beauty liner I love this lip liner I
love the shade of it the longevity of
this lip liner is really good as well I
can eat I can drink I can do whatever
and I still kind of have that lip line
going on because I do over draw my lips
so not a lot especially like on a day
like this but I do still over draw them
and then from my actual lip color this
is a fleshpot by Mac and I was gonna top
some dry ass loops and I'll just kind of
blend everything together with my finger
and then hit it all with the gloss this
is just from girl lactic and sheer bone
but you can use like any kind of just
sheer gloss so here is the finished look
this is my fast go to face if I just
feel like looking like I didn't just
roll out of bed this is a look that I
have practice for a lot of years so I
can totally do this makeup in 15 minutes
or less brows included if I'm not
sitting here I definitely recommend
practicing doing one face a lot just
kind of like to have a go-to face so if
you ever wake up late you can get your
 together throw your makeup on I can
honestly do this makeup without a mirror
like I don't even have to look that's
just how many times I've done this look
you can definitely switch out the powder
foundations for a liquid foundation if
you want if you want a little more
coverage even though I will say that the
bare minerals foundation and the Kat Von
D powder foundation do provide full
coverage so I don't feel the need to go
in with a liquid foundation if you do
live in like a hot state that has a lot
of humidity like Florida does the powder
foundation is going to be your best
friend because your it's gonna last
longer I just found that it lasts longer
on me especially when it's like hot
outside which it currently is like 90
degrees already I absolutely love this
face I think the whole I think the lip
brings it all together and makes it look
a little more done than it actually is
but you can totally save time on this if
you skip the bronzer you can definitely
skip steps to kind of save yourself
times so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video that is it for me I love you guys
and I will see you super soon in another
video hey guys
