this one barely survived the video okay
hello and welcome back to my channel so
today I was doing some I G unboxings and
I had a bunch of new makeup to play with
so I was like what a better way to play
than to put it on my face plus I've been
really loving like these monochromatic
eyeshadow palettes that color pop has
been releasing so we just did the yellow
look and then I got this orange one and
I was like I want to do an orange look
because to me doing these like one
eyeshadow focused color looks is the
easiest way for me to incorporate color
into my makeup so that's we're gonna do
today but Before we jump into today's
video I quickly want to mention to you
guys my audible pick of the month
if you don't know I've been partnered
with audible for a really long time now
so if you guys want to get started with
them you can go to audible.com slash
Nicole or you can text Nicole to 500 500
anything you want they've got it
I currently this is not something that I
usually listen to usually oh wait we
match the audible app today I'm orange
usually I don't listen to thrillers but
when we flew to LA I was like there was
nothing really good to watch on the
plane so I downloaded the girl on the
train nothing good to watch on the plane
so I downloaded the girl on the train
which I've never seen the movie I dunno
it is a movie but I personally like to
listen first and I actually finished
this I listened to half of it on the way
there and half of it on the way back it
is so good like I was on the plane like
this but really really good book I'm not
gonna give it away I mean I'm sure some
of you already know what it is but I do
recommend it I thoroughly enjoyed it
I've never really listened to thrillers
but if I was into it the whole entire
way like I said I was on the plane like
nobody talked to me audible has the
largest selection of audiobooks on the
planet I also really like with audible
if you don't really like the book you
can exchange it for free it's just
really nice to listen to an audiobook
because to me it like takes me to that
place anything that I'm listening to I'm
the main character so I was the girl on
the train and I didn't know what was
about to happen next but yeah if you
guys want to check out the book that I
just listened to which again is girl on
the train you can go to audible.com
slash Nicole or again you can text
Nicole
- 500 500 and you're in there we've just
ordered a salad all right let's not
playing around and jump into today's
video I look like a character out of
orange is the new black that's okay this
it was the only orange shirt that I had
and when I do a monochromatic look I
like to wear the same color shirt you
know vibes I like wearing my hair like
this like with my bun and my bangs out
but then I realized when I do a makeup
store I have to have my bangs out of my
face and I just look like a little SH
beep when I tuck them behind my ears it
okay now that I've messed with this bun
for 18 minutes we can start so I'm gonna
moisturize first and this is the drunk
elephant la la retro whipped cream this
is basically the only not new thing that
I'm going to apply to my face today it's
pretty new for me as like before I put
on my makeup moisturizer but I have used
this cream before I just haven't used it
in a while but I do like it underneath
my makeup so I'm just gonna apply that
onto the skin I'm just gonna let that
junk elephant sit on the skin for just a
second before we put our foundation on
holds like what the heck but it was the
shadow from this HOOPP yo snake so next
we're gonna try out the new Pat McGrath
a primer Foundation and then some point
in the video the actual powder this is
the skin fetish sublime perfection
primer and it says that this is a
water-based primer let me look let me
look let me water-soluble purified
botanical extracts perform on multiple
fronts to refine the appearance of pores
as this luxe water-based formulations
awakens and refreshes for visibly smooth
skin with a velvety matte finish it
feels very hydrating on the skin and has
like a very subtle scent to it more
foundation this is the sublime
perfection foundation I have it in two
shades light/medium 13 and 14 I put them
both on my skin earlier like right when
I got them and I couldn't really tell
the difference in the two colors because
I am more on the fair side I'm gonna
just go with light/medium 13 I
so have a medium 15 which we're gonna
save that for when I'm a little more tan
you know fake tan I scrubbed it all off
last night so we're gonna go with the
lightest shade that I have which again
is light/medium 13 this is the Pat
McGrath brush the foundation brush that
you're supposed to use I think I
actually I'm gonna try it with the brush
because I like to try foundations with
their brush even though most the time I
do apply all my foundations with a
Beauty Blender so I'm just gonna apply
this like I apply all my foundations I
just start oh it's very well it's very
liquidy I'm just gonna start pushing
this into the skin this comes in 36
shades and it has five shade levels for
all skin types tones and undertones and
it's a sheer to medium buildable
coverage it is self setting and long
wearing and it has a satin finish that
lasts all day long this is this has a
diamond core powder technology which is
supposed to improve skin texture and it
has a smoothing and blurring appearance
for fine lines and imperfections so this
is one layer of foundation I'm gonna go
ahead and apply another layer of
foundation because I'm trying to get a
full coverage look from this and it's
already starting to look more full
coverage with just this second layer at
first I wasn't too sure about the
wateriness but I do think that I like it
just for the layering purposes the fact
that it feels so light I think that you
could build this up to three layers I
don't feel the need to Thor I feel like
I got a pretty good full coverage look
at it perfect I feel like this is a good
amount of full coverage for me
next time I use it I am going to try to
apply it with a Beauty Blender to see if
that makes any difference but I do like
this little brush I'm gonna use my Holy
Grail brow pencil this is the benefit
precisely my brow and I'm gonna do these
things off camera okay because I need to
make a phone call and it's boring no
brows
it's a brows on okay this is the star of
the show I'm really into these color pop
like little monochromatic mini palettes
this one is orange you glad makes sense
makes sense I think I want to go with
rise & grind I originally wanted to go
with mimosa mommy hmm okay
mimosa mommy but I think I'm gonna go
with rise and grind you know keep it
easy so I'm gonna pick this up first
with a flat hello pigment dang and we
are first going to apply this on our lid
and then work our way up I just find it
easier that way when I'm working with
one tone especially a colorful one
that's pretty okay boo boo mama okay you
open the door yourself you got it
you go girl I like to start at my lash
line and then work my way up to my
crease so that it gets softer and softer
the higher it goes up I'm into this
orange okay again I'm just really
pushing the color onto my lid I'm not so
much worrying about blending right now
as I am worrying about getting the color
on so I'm gonna take a fluffy brush and
just pick up a little bit of that and
start working this out
I know this looks like it's got purple
on it but it doesn't and so I'm just
gonna take a clean brush
mmm-hmm should we put on some long ass
lashes like these double ups from ardell
first I'm gonna put on a little mascara
so we're gonna put these guys on and
actually my white duo because my dark
tone isn't my big thing I don't know the
last time I used white glue even when I
first started applying lashes I would
use dark glue because and then you know
I'm always pushing my lash up to make
sure we get the open eye effects are not
the droopy eye effects so long I
normally wear like the demi wispies so
anything longer than those I'm just like
we're concealer I'm gonna use the Laura
Mercier a flawless a fusion ultra
longwear concealer I don't know if I've
used this before maybe once or twice but
it's not like a concealer that I'm using
on their regular and I'm using this in
two n well that feels nice then I'm just
gonna stipple this out
a little bit right here whatever is left
over
I just feel alive after my concealer is
on concealer am i saying that funny
sounds like it I lied about using all
new products I am gonna use a little bit
of the hourglass translucent veil powder
I'm gonna use this new little Milani
brush though to put that underneath my
eyes so I knew I was gonna wait this
little Milani brush I'm always looking
for like the most perfect under-eye
brush always this brush holds powder
really well so this is from Milani and
this is their all-over blending brush
but it's perfect for under here and it
held powder really good we are going in
to set the rest of our face with the Pat
McGrath skin fetish sublime perfection
setting powder we are going to use the
shade light/medium let's get a little
ASMR action going that's like a little
sifter in there and I'm gonna use the
actual brush oh-whoa day and then we're
just gonna push this on to the skin no
much it's okay it says it's buildable
which is really nice I do think that I
look a little smoother now that this
powder is on I'm gonna fluff these brows
because I just can't take it any longer
okay
another reason but I really like the
benefit brow pencil is when I add the
gel to give them the more fluffy effect
some other brow pencils have like moved
and slid off but the benefit one really
hangs on tight and I don't lose a lot of
the shape or the filling in which I like
like it sucks when you go to fluff your
brows and then you move your product
around so this one like really stays I'm
gonna add a little bit of Sunkist as
well from the orange you glad pallets
just to add a little bit more of an
orange II tone to our cheek cuz I feel
like we're a little pink and I want to
be a little more orange e yay and I'm
gonna add a little bit of mascara to the
bottom I'm not gonna do anything on the
bottom like I'm not gonna put any orange
eyeshadow or anything I'm just going to
hit these lower lashes with a little bit
of mascara
oh hi girl
Hey Girl hey nice to see you so I'm
gonna first line my lips with the new
Carli bybel and ill maquillage collab
this is her waterproof liner in Luna
Part II love it already love it
I'm gonna do a little bit of this and
then it will work it out and see oh we
gotta go in
I'm also gonna use mom's Libra lipstick
this is a matte lip color I almost don't
want to because it looks so beautiful
but we don't do it we don't do it - nice
I'm just gonna blend sure you got a
little orange to this those little lip
you stick yeah I know
oh I like the V&R this is the colour-pop
lippie stick in chichi and then for
gloss I'm gonna use this so juicy
plumping gloss from a color pop as well
and this one is called for the clouds so
this is the completed look I hope you
guys enjoy using just one eyeshadow
color has really helped me kind of
incorporate like I said a little more
color into my life I think that is it
for me I don't have anything else to
tell you guys except I love you and I
will see you super soon in another video
bye guys
