[Music]
alright first off we're not gonna judge
these braids okay
because one they've been slept in - I
just had a wig on and took it off
because I didn't like how it looked and
I wasn't gonna rebrand my hair for the
video it was just squeezing my head and
I wasn't into it I was hot I didn't want
to wear it so don't judge alright
alright let's get in to it so you know
that I like to do a skull look every
Halloween and hello if you're new I like
to do a skull look every Halloween so I
thought I would do a two-faced skull
look before I ever started making videos
this was actually one of the first
Halloween looks I ever tried so I was
like you know what let's see if I have
leveled up so I'm just going to sketch
out on my face first with a white pencil
or some white cream whatever you have
whatever you have that is easy to wipe
off just so I have like a rough draft of
what I'm going to do and so that I don't
paint those areas pink because we're
gonna be filling those in with a
different color
[Music]
next I'm going to cover my brows with a
washable glue stick if you're gonna
cover your eye black like a little black
circle like I did and you don't have a
lot of brow hairs you don't necessarily
have to cover your brow but I know that
I have a pretty thick brow and it would
just get like a little messy under there
so I chose to lay this baby down you see
what I mean look I'm already erasing
this is why I have to rough draft stuff
[Music]
alright first I'm just again rough
drafting at my circle on my eye but you
don't have to do this you can go
straight in with your black cream paint
if you'd like or you can use water
activated paint if you're gonna use a
cream paint like I am make sure you set
that bad boy with a black eye shadow so
[Music]
I chose a pink activated paint to be my
base color for our skull I don't think
I've ever painted myself pink I was back
and forth between pink and blue pink and
believe me I was like you know what
let's do pink so I'm gonna do a pink and
purple looking skull I'm just rough
drafting my nose because we're gonna
paint him black and then fill in any
open areas with your pink paint alright
so I always struggle with skull teeth so
here I'm just I wanted to show you guys
that I mess up and I have to start over
some time so I had originally started
with black teeth and I was just not
feeling it so the second time I started
with white teeth and I liked it a lot
more so how I'm doing my teeth is I'm
just pushing the brush a flat like on
it's upside and then I'm turning it
sideways so that the brush is very thin
to get that little point at the top of
the tooth again skull teeth are my
weakness then I'm gonna go in with some
black cream paint in between the white
I'm just wearing it to add some shadows
and kind of pull it up between the teeth
but not as high as the white teeth go
does that make sense
I hope so
[Music]
to start shading everything in I'm gonna
start with a dark purple eye shadow I
use a lot of eye shadows for this and
I'm just going to outline everything I
do everything the same way anything
that's not filled in with pink I start
with a really dark purple shadow and
then go in with a lighter pink shadow or
I'll start with the lighter pink like up
towards the temples and set and going
with the darker the thing that you want
to remember with shading is you want
everything to be darkest towards the
edges and lighter towards the center so
I'm just going to use some dark purples
some light pinks and of course some
blacks
[Music]
I felt like that hot pink in the middle
was a little much so I'm just toning it
down with a more purple shade and then
we're gonna start doing some like
outlining and shadowing so I'm just
using the same purple color with a
really tiny brush PO okay we're gonna
throw some purple on the lid throw some
purple on the lid and then we'll get
back doing some little detail we're just
adding some shadows and whatnot get some
shading up on the forehead so I'm
starting again with a darker away a
darker purple shadow pulling it down and
then I'll go in with like a light pink
purple kind of shadow just to kind of
blend it out a little more into the pink
[Music]
I'm gonna blend in some white eyeshadow
to the high points like my forehead and
the tops of my cheekbones just to get a
little highlight action going
[Music]
then all these steps are optional but
I'm just adding some darker pink shadow
until a little Hollow just for more
added detail one detail in our face
I've been sitting at this chair for too
long I can't speak and then once you
feel like you have everything shade it
how you like I do black last so you're
just gonna outline everything and then
pull the black down just a tiny bit into
that deep purple shade
[Music]
going in with a white cream pain I'm
just gonna highlight like in between the
little shadow lines and then the actual
like a mouth itself anywhere there's
like a little line I'm just gonna
highlight in between it so before we go
any further on the regular normal side
of our face I'm just going to go over
our rough draft with a black eyeliner
and then we're gonna start shading
everything in basically doing the same
things we were doing before we're gonna
start with the dark purple shade then
we're gonna blend out that dark purple
shade with the Pinker shade and then
last but not least we'll go in with the
black and keep the black very very close
to the actual black liner line itself
[Music]
[Music]
here I'm just adding a little bit of
highlight to our cracked face I guess
right correct with some white cream
paint and then also extending the little
cracks further onto our face I don't
know about you but I love a paint
splatter so I just took an eyebrow brush
dipped it in some really watery water
activated paint and splash it on my face
I don't know why but I really love this
I feel like if you just want a little
added extra something just do a little
paint splash and then I'm gonna add a
little bit of glitter on the lid I feel
like the paint little splatters maybe
think of glitter so I just added that to
the lid as well and the next part is
totally optional but I just put in a
white contact lens to set the whole look
off and she is complete so I hope you
guys enjoyed I love you and I will see
you super soon in a new video bye guys
[Music]
