it's Wednesday today's Wednesday my dude
it is Wednesday my deeds what are we
doing so I don't think I've told you
guys yet we are going on a like a little
road trip me and thieves have been
wanting to go on a road trip for a while
and we had booked one for Yosemite so
that is coming up next week which I'm
really really excited about we just got
really bright cuz this I just came out
our Yosemite trip is coming up next week
we leave on the 9th and we come back on
I think of the 15 so we're going for a
full week but two of those days are
traveling so we leave Monday at night I
personally like to take night flights
out and then we come back on Saturday so
we're flying into San Francisco and they
were kind of like road tripping into
Yosemite and then we'll be there for a
few days and then we'll make our way
back to San Francisco and we'll have one
day in San Fran so we're just doing like
a little mini road trip we're flying
across the country and then kind of
doing like a little road trip so we've
been really wanting to go to some
national parks and after looking at all
of them we decided on Yosemite to be our
first one because people were saying if
you only ever go to one National Park in
your life it should be Yosemite so we
were like okay let's just start let's
just start off our National Park
situation with the best one I don't know
if it's the best one honestly I've never
been to a National Park Florida life I
feel like living in Florida makes you so
unprepared for everything like if we
want to go somewhere snowy we don't have
any snow [ __ ] if we want to go hiking we
don't have any hiking [ __ ] because we
just live on flat land over here I'm
also excited to spend a day in San Fran
as well so I am going to film some
viewer shots for my office space because
I am going to put that video up tomorrow
which is Thursday I don't know if I'm
gonna film like my actual talking
through because I think my mom was
saying she wanted to go get a pedicure
and I know it feels like I just got a
pedicure cuz you guys just saw that
video on Tuesday but that was a really
long time ago and I try try to go once a
month otherwise if I wait longer than
that
it's just like a longer that they have
like scrub my feet so I might go get a
pedicure with mom I'm gonna call her I'm
gonna make a coffee um I'm really
excited to go to Yosemite you guys I'm
really excited to just be in nature and
just some hiking
I can't wait what am i doing I'm getting
coffee team this virtually it's pretty
good right can you not a scratch off my
keys thank you so I'm gonna just finish
up working on my calendar and making
sure everything is in its place and then
finish up this coffee call my mom see
what she's doing and then decide if I'm
going it to fill my be role now or I'm
gonna film it later um okay so I'm
transferring footage to my external hard
drive and do you all see what that says
fourteen of ten days nine days okay
we're going down okay just save it said
14 days I was like wait a minute okay so
since the last time I saw you I've
talked to my mom and we decided to go
get pedicures tomorrow because tiny
wanted to come but she has a doctor's
appointment today at like 2:45 and it is
currently two o'clock so we're gonna go
tomorrow to get pedicures so I am
getting ready to film my little office
space for we're only gonna be talking
about this section here and then when I
get more of the room put together we'll
eventually talk about the entire room
together
also how cute is this cup I'm gonna film
and then I don't know I don't know where
the day will take us from there my
freaking mic died I was filming so I was
gonna go take off this makeup while I
shot the b-roll I'm so glad that I
didn't because I just noticed that the
mic battery light was not on and I just
checked the footage and only two minutes
of me talking will record it and then
the mic died so I'm glad that I kept
this makeup on because now I have to
refill the video I hope I remember
everything that I said but I'm just
happy that I did not take off this
makeup these brought me some Cheerios I
did not thank you so I haven't even
started editing yet um I have just been
looking at hotels because I told you
guys we're going to Yosemite and I do
have a hotel booked but there's like
contradicting facts on the internet some
places are saying that the logic we're
saying it's only 3 miles away but then
when I put it in on the maps it says
it's like an hour to the valleys so I'm
trying to figure that out and see if I
need to move our hotel to like a closer
Lodge and I haven't even uploaded any of
the footage into the computer yet
because I have been transferring all of
my Final Cut files to an external hard
drive I'll do those randomly no just to
have like a fresh start and the computer
just runs faster I actually have the I
think I have like 5 terabytes of memory
on this laptop so it actually does hold
a lot of [ __ ] but it's been transferring
3.17 terabytes for like the last I don't
know seven hours and it still has four
hours to go also we're only in Yosemite
for two days we have basically two full
days there we're gonna really early
everyday that we're there so we just
have like a full day of [ __ ] we're not
doing anything crazy like we're not
climbing Half Dome or anything like that
you know um but I am really really
excited to see you somebody I've just
been watching like other people's blogs
and getting pumped for it
I think we have like one maybe two
national parks in Florida homes like the
Everglades National Park I'm not going
there okay
I'm from Florida okay the Everglades I'm
not into it
alligators scare me I think Disney World
is Florida's National Park I'm just
kidding so I'm going to finish up some
emails that I have finished the
Housewives get in the shower and I will
see you guys bright and early tomorrow
probably right around coffee time I know
it seems like we haven't left but it is
the next day it's Coffee time I think
it's around 10:00 in the morning I'm
trying to import all my footage because
finally after I think 12 hours it
switched not switched it transferred the
footage onto my external hard drive so
now I have a fresh new computer right to
go to my little light guys so we needed
some light I had to switch camera lenses
because I'm sure the footage is in this
video but there's like a weird noise
happening in the video this camera just
can't handle the lens that was on it I
like the quality more on the other lens
but this lens just can't he and this
camera can handle this lens so I'm gonna
do some editing I think it's like 10:00
in the morning drink this coffee and
then go get a pedicure and then probably
just come back and I did some more again
I know it seems like I just got a
pedicure but it's been
football season football season you're
not gonna watch football right toons
don't he's gonna whip us up some fried
rice got all his accoutrements later
[Music]
what is that
working ginger garlic and ginger each
says you could put green onions on
anything
righteous
oh my god it smells so good he's got the
chicken
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
you've made banana red chocolate chip
muffins last night I'm gonna Jenica
water first then to eat one of these but
oh they smell so good
come on II um so I'm gonna do a little
mask I really love this fat facial from
the Henderson not sponsored I just know
that there's been like a lot of like
sponsored videos on this but this [ __ ]
is actually really really really good
you guys this scene looks like all over
the place but when you start to work it
in your face it starts to turn white no
but I've been really into this mask and
then I have one in the fridge that's
from course that's really good I'm sure
it seemed to go out there cuz I'm gonna
make a coffee after but you really need
your fingers to like activate this mask
and turn away solely this guy on for
about 15 minutes and then you can just
kind of like wash off with a damp cloth
really the only a mask that I use is the
summer fridays gel mask and then i just
incorporated that one in and then i have
the one from Korres which I think just
came out I've had it for a while but
let's go out there and I'll show you so
good Hydra bio me and it is a probiotic
super dose a face mask with real Greek
yogurt it's super super thick I put on
like a thick mouth layers because it's
just like replenish me and it makes your
skin feel so freakin good come on sir
out of the fridge you Hey so I
this is your hair tight Betty
boom so I have just been unboxing I had
a bunch of [ __ ] by the front door I'll
go in the back and show you guys what it
is but I need a muffin break this is a
banana chocolate chip muffin that beads
means
Rock flip and crack this window the
other day but they're coming to fix it
it pink one day so we're on our way to
dick and we check the weather and it's
gonna be SuperDuper cold I think it said
what like 35 or something feel like
we're gonna be getting up early in the
morning to like start our hike sunshine
just be in the park as much as we can so
I feel like when we get up early in the
morning to be freezing so I'm gonna go
get some little hand warming thingies
now we're gonna go to Petsmart get it
I didn't get even I didn't even get any
hand warmers either
[Applause]
he's gotta play some cat grass is not
his typical cat grass they eat usually
has just straight-up booth grass but
this little variety pack so we got Oh
Ryan barley think he's gonna like it
yeah fake plants real plan
that's how I beat him this other graph
that thing like a game celery stalk feel
good for you boy
[Music]
[Music]
get it boosts voice trout
[Applause]
[Applause]
so whenever I open all my PR boxes I
just usually put them in one big box and
then come in here and decide like what
I'm gonna keep and what's gonna go into
the giveaway bin I think a lot of this
stuff was keep there are like a lot of
foundations in here so usually I go
through and pick like four or five
foundation shades and then put the rest
in the giveaway bin so some of the
things that I'm most excited about one
of them is this airbrush flawless
foundation from Charlotte Tilbury there
was something else this from Charlotte
Tilbury which is their magic tint nice
if I can open this with one hand
probably not hold please when I first
saw it I thought it was a powder but
it's actually a color correcting cream
it did have a more powdery looking
texture when I touched it it's
definitely a cream you can tell there
there was like four or five different
shades so I'm really excited to try this
out I'm excited for this Christine
Dominique's cosmetic palette I think
it's called celestial storm you know
what I really need two hands for this I
really need two hands all these shades
are talking to you that looks like the
warmest Brown that ever walked the land
beeps don't you know see his dad so I
think I'm gonna put my makeup on and
film or should we just want to film
tomorrow I like to film early in the day
and I feel like after 5:00 I just like
don't want to film I don't know it just
feels silly I'm gonna try to find a home
for all this stuff right now and then
we'll decide what we're gonna do but we
might wait till tomorrow
[Music]
what you got cooking raviolis so I think
it's around 10:30 or so I'm about to
head to the back to film since I didn't
do it yesterday that damn Taylor Swift
commercial this is like bananas
strawberries raspberries kale spinach
some chia seeds some vital protein and I
think that's it oh and then like some
yogurt probiotics I'm trying to get
something in my stomach before I drink
coffee in the morning whether it be just
like a full 16 ounces of water or
something or smoothie so what do we need
to do today we need to film I really
just think I need to film and go to the
grocery store so let me get my phone and
let's head to the back hmm chunk or
something so on Saturdays I usually
don't answer emails
hi this message is for Nicole I'm
calling from a flight on the class I
didn't call it because you know the
appointment scheduled Monday for us to
replace your windshield and your Land
Rover a Range Rover and you still have
not heard back from the price antenna
protocol Department for your insurance
company so I was calling to take you off
of the schedule once we hear back from
them it will feel call well I get you
put back on the schedule if you have any
questions please give us a call what the
hell so there's no I cracked my
windshield well I didn't personally
crack it I don't know what happened a
little freaking Rock flew up I've been
driving for 39 years
but yeah a rock Iraq a rock cracked my
windshield and so I was trying to get it
fixed before he went out of town because
I saw somewhere that the Sun could make
like the crack longer and I swear to Bob
it's longer than it was when it when it
started um but I guess my insurance
company hasn't gotten back to them I
don't know if it's like this in other
states but in Florida it's free to get
your windshield replaced no matter what
if you crack it if it needs to be
repaired or anything like that if you
have insurance
um it's free 99 so I guess I'm gonna
have to cut well I'm not even gonna call
him on Monday somebody tube is here on
Monday I've never cracked a wind chill
ever ever in my life again
I didn't crack the wind chill I keep
saying like it sounds like I did it
I gotta get this coffee when we start
coming but I can only drink my coffee
super slow like something I can put my
lip on Intel so just finished filming my
top ten Tuesday that'll be going up
Tuesday I'm hoping that I don't have any
trouble like uploading or anything like
that while we're in Yosemite because
sure how the internet it's gonna be we
are staying at a lodge but we're saying
like in a little cottage that's like you
have to walk away from the lodge but I'm
assuming that the lodge is gonna have
Wi-Fi so if anything I'll be able to
upload in there but I just hope that I'm
able to upload I was gonna get one of
those like a little wireless um like
hotspot wireless hotspot can use so you
got to sign up like you're getting a
whole new damn phone and I was just like
I only want to use it like two times and
I don't want to pay like a large ass
monthly service it was like you gotta
extend your contract and all kinds of
[ __ ] so I was just like you know what
mama don't eat that I'll try to find
Wi-Fi where I can if anything we'll just
go to like a Starbucks or something and
try to get Wi-Fi there um so I am what
am I gonna do I'm just going it to try
to take some cute pigs it's like I
haven't taken it like selfie selfie and
forever I just take like pics off my
iPhone now like full-body situations but
I haven't taken like a selfie in a
minute and I feel like if you don't use
it you lose it so I'm gonna take some
pics and wait for beeps to get home he
went to go play basketball he actually
just left it is 1:30 now he usually
plays basketball at like 2:00 on
Saturdays so I'm just gonna wait for
Biebs to get home until we go to the
grocery store I'll probably take this
makeup off after I take these pigs good
so I changed into an oversized tea I
think I'm gonna go outside just for
better lighting so I got my little
iPhone tripod my little selfie timer and
yeah
let's go get these pigs go
[Applause]
[Applause]
it's so hot out here usually only need
to be out for like 5-10 minutes
hopefully you get the shot if not [ __ ]
come on try again another day then I'll
just quickly look and make sure that I
see at least one that I like one two
okay I already see three that I like Wow
it's crazy because you can be like
sitting out there shaking pictures of
yourself and you feel like you look
really cute and then you come in and
like look at the photos and you're just
like what is also so I took this cute
one oh yes number hiking boots and [ __ ]
these are the most comfortable boots
ever they're not the cute I mean they're
kind of cute I'm into like my lumberjack
vibes so they're waterproof hiking
slip-resistant all that [ __ ] but the
reason that I went with deeds boots they
have them in a bunch of different colors
was because all the reviews said that
these were boots that didn't need to be
broken in so these are so I just wanted
to share them with you so I had to take
off all my makeup because I was trying
on stuff for Yosemite and hiking outfits
with purple eyeshadow and false lashes
were just not it wasn't doing it for me
Plus who doesn't love a bear face
anyways I just talked to beeps he's
always like home from playing rascal and
he said that his sister wants to come
over tonight for dinner so I'm gonna
clean a little bit cuz it's a little
messy I mean it's not messy I just like
have [ __ ] everywhere as always so I'm
gonna clean this island do some air
freshener and make sure it's nice and
fresh and yummy when they come over and
then I'm sure the beam will take over
the vlog from here because any time she
comes over she wants to vlog so I will
now you're trying you gotta tell them
what we're eating
[Music]
yeah people lost yeah you're what and we
need it for the iPad see one day p-hat
was sleeping with the I got in ahead of
it fell in the couch and all but it went
bad and my uncle a mighty deed had a
look for it
we had to lift the whole couch up
remember yeah don't fall asleep on your
iPad on the couch cuz you might lose
your iPad yep so should we try to go
find this pen yeah Wendy youtubers are
or the youtubers you have a cold
yeah what are you eating
hi chew fast mom I did look I look like
one of those people on beetlejuice
so we're gonna take these little vital
protein collagen shots I'm gonna do the
sleep one which is blueberry and
lavender and Bebe's doing the cleanse
cleanse I was sorta gonna grow raspberry
and vultures
I was actually good so it is around
10:00 today it's our last day our last
full day at home we don't we have a
later flight out tomorrow I know people
like to leave early for their vacations
maybe I like to take the latest white
out when we're leaving home and then
take the earliest flight in I don't know
that's just how I work even though I do
like to go places I just don't like to
leave home think our flight is that like
four or so tomorrow so I'm going to film
another video today maybe two videos and
pack and then we still have to go to the
grocery store because we didn't go last
night because the beam and them came
over I got a lot of [ __ ] to do today I
will say though that I don't know if I
was just tired but this freaking little
collagen shot the sleep shop but I was
knocked out within like an hour or so
what are you two doing oh the fridge has
been open for one second I just feel
like it's one of those days where I just
gotta get it going so I just need to sir
is she out of the fridge Roma fish oh oh
that is my drinking things before I
drink my coffee oh my god I feel like I
have so much to do it's Sunday I'm gonna
pretend like I have time okay what's
happening
[Music]
delicioso to copyright [ __ ] is just so
annoying now it's just some of my last
video that I put up so music that I put
in my actual videos I pay for like I
have royalty-free music I use epidemic
sound which is like a subscription I use
premium beat which is like $60 per song
and they still in copyright my [ __ ] and
that is just so annoying why I even have
these songs on these websites if you're
gonna copyright them like I just don't I
don't understand it's not right
alright I can't even dispute a claim to
show that I paid for the music on the
video so cool I'm glad that I you know
pay for subscriptions my whole life is a
copyright claim I'm not gonna let that
rule no I will not no I will not I don't
know why but she likes to hang off of
things like anywhere she lays anyway she
lays she likes to like dangle like this
I'm going it to film I think I'm only
gonna throw one video though umm it's
football Sunday so Bebe's going to go
watch football after I'm done filming
I'm gonna run to target and then Publix
and grocery shop why did I need to get
from Target I don't remember what I
needed to get I just told myself in the
bathroom like 20 minutes ago and I don't
remember well okay well hopefully it
comes to me by the time I'm done filming
and by the time I actually get to Target
and then home and pack so I'm gonna film
this video filming I need to turn this
fan back on because it's hella hot feel
the hot in here I still don't remember
what I needed from Target like what the
hell did I need media needed
remover I'm just gonna
I'm gonna go to Target you know there's
always something there that you need oh
I was gonna go get some snacks I was
gonna do was I gonna go get snacks was I
gonna do don't look directly into the
red eye cuz you'll buy way more than you
need I don't even know what I need
that's the dangerous going to Target and
not knowing what you need I think I was
gonna get snacks like Road snacks like
snacks for traveling I don't know what I
was gonna get you remember what I needed
what did I need
mom be right back babies I've been
sitting here trying to cool off for like
10 minutes it says that it's a hundred
and twelve degrees outside unless we go
it's a hot one mr. Brij
me I'm mr. French oh I just met a
sweet-ass subscriber in there like I
meet a lot of you when I'm at Target but
any of you that ever want to come up and
say hi to me or you just want a hug or
whatever you are never ever bothering me
I don't care if I look like I'm in the
worst mood ever I will change it for you
but she was super sweet and I
appreciated her saying what she said it
was really nice so any time you guys see
me out and about I want to hug you I
want to squeeze you so never feel like
you're bothering me because you never
ever are ever in a million years I don't
care like I said if I look like I'm
pissed off you can change my mood you
you right here you can change my mood so
um I got what I think I needed I wanted
to get your plugs and I wanted to get
some trail mix and I wanted to get some
dry shampoo I think I was my main reason
for going with dry shampoo so I bought
all the ones they had there was like
five different mini ones so I bought
them all I am debating if I want to stop
into Costco to get some little of those
smoothie little packets but I might pop
in real quick even though I'm sure
there's like a bajillion people in
Costco right now it is 2:30 on a Sunday
that seems like prime time but I really
want a smoothie we're gonna drive by
Costco and see what it's looking like
and then decide why don't I have to be
like this why do crowds make me not want
to go in places
it's just stupid okay for I know
someone's coming
Costco is right here in the same little
Plaza situation I changed my mind I said
let me drive through the parking lot and
if I find a parking spot I'm gonna go in
and I found a parking spot so I'm gonna
run in here and get these little
smoothie packs and then take my scary
ass
always return your carts people take
them back don't leave them in the
parking spots it took me longer to check
out at Costco they did to go park go
find the stuff and walk back to the line
the lines were so long but it wasn't
that bad somebody go home make myself a
smoothie yeah I just passed the coffin I
was like
holy moly
finished editing my video which is for
makeup forever they were really sweet
they reached out after they saw my
powder foundation review and they wanted
to do kind of like an on dedicated video
which I appreciate it it's like they're
just kind of thinking you four kind of
talking about their products I feel very
accomplished today I filmed I edited I
went to Target I went to Costco like
what I took - in there with all those
people um so now I need to pack I still
need to shower I might shower tomorrow
though so I have like fresh hair even
though I feel like after you fly your
hair just isn't the same even if it's
like fresh good first day blown out hair
like after you'd on a plane sometimes
it's just not the business but I have
hello dry shampoo so I'm probably gonna
take a shower in the morning I don't
know I might take a shower tonight
back here she loves laying on a computer
huh sweet girl I really want to eat a
salad but it's like that weird 6 p.m.
time so if you eat right now you're like
super hungry in a few hours then I end
up eating like really late at night oh
maybe I'll make a pizza
I want my salad - a pizza in literally
two seconds and maybe watch an episode
of the housewives and then pack after
that or should I just pack should I just
like go I think I'm just gonna go pack
I'm very indecisive today yeah I'm just
gonna go pack my [ __ ] get it over with
right just get it right so I've got a
lot of [ __ ] to fit in this carry-on
suitcase these big-ass hiking boots
those combat boots for like that little
outfit for like same friend Alexa pack
my suitcase
okay so I have the majority of my stuff
in here I'm gonna do the rest tomorrow
because I pack my jackets I just kind of
lay them on top and then just put them
in the bag so those go and last these
boots still need to make it in here as
well cuz they're gonna go with like that
little cherry dress and this little jean
jacket for San Francisco
that's my rain jacket and then I have to
pack some makeup in here as well I'm
also gonna bring a duffle bag that's
gonna carry like all of my like camera
equipment and [ __ ] like that so I've
made pack my makeup in there I'm gonna
try to pack the bare minimum makeup cuz
honestly I probably will only have
makeup on
and the day that we're in San Francisco
so Friday so I'm gonna bring the bare
minimum and hopefully I can squeeze it
into this suitcase and not my duffle bag
and leave the duffle bag for like all
the camera [ __ ] and everything like that
so I feel accomplished and now I'm gonna
go eat some pizza
