maybe I should have done my hair hmm I
feel like you can never see how frizzy
my hair is until I turn on these lights
on and then it's like hello and welcome
back to my channel
alright so before we jump in and start
talking obviously something is different
I have different teeth and I'm a little
Lisp e so let's just get that out of the
way before I go through the whole video
worrying about if I'm wispy or not
because I am a little I'm a little SP
I'm not gonna lie I'm gonna take you
back to the beginning
what's going on what's happening but
we're gonna talk about it all why we put
some makeup on our face I'm just gonna
try out some new products that I've been
wanting to play with because I actually
haven't worn makeup in [ __ ]
I don't even know how long it's been
since I've worn makeup so I'm gonna prep
the skin at first let's get these bangs
talked about this is my favorite line or
something so it's not like
mm okay it's not looking as crazy is it
oh so yeah where have I been
so between January 6th and like February
8th within like that 30-day period we
took 13 flights and it really it really
really really kicked my ass like it was
intense usually any time I fly I get
sick and I was down for like two weeks
yeah I just think my body was like super
exhausted and even the last time we went
back to LA to get our teeth done I was
sick and I had to fly on top of it so it
was just it was just no bueno but
usually when I do like a lot of
traveling my skin really takes a beating
from just like being in the in the dry
air and I feel like I kind of neglect my
skincare when I am traveling because I
always bring a carry-on suitcase and I
can't be bringing on my skincare
products with me so the majority of the
time I really feel like I just neglect
my skin when I'm traveling which is
really bad but because of the summer
fridays jetlag mask I feel like my skin
really held it together so if you guys
have not heard about this mask it is
amazing if you travel a lot if you just
have dry skin in general this has really
been saving my life I basically use it
every single day now and I also use it
to prep my face for my makeup so I'm
just going to put a little bit of this
guy on I always use way less if I'm
using it to prep underneath the skin
because you don't want your makeup to
like slip and slide all over the place
but I love this because you can put it
under your eyes you can put it over your
eyes you can use it as a overnight mask
which I do almost every single night as
well you can layer it on a really thick
under your eyes in my one video I was
talking about I don't really use an eye
cream it's because I just tend to put
the summer Friday's mask underneath my
eyes as well I like it for underneath
the makeup because it just creates like
a sticky base so these are just my
temporary veneers that's basically like
having two dentures in because it's just
one big piece there's like a big piece
on top and then a big piece on bottom so
I honestly can't wait to get the
permanence put in it was a day y'all to
get these things in all right so this
has sunk in so like I said I like this
so I like the summer
hopefully when I get my permanence I
won't be as lispy as I am with bees
I was really less be like the first week
or so because obviously these teeth are
bigger than my teeth I had the world's
smallest baby as teeth ever and I never
even had like these teeth like canines I
never had those because I just like
think grinded them down your mouth can
detect any kind of small change in your
mouth and my tongue has to get used to
hitting my teeth a different way or
something like I can't remember we said
but it's just like because your tongue
is a muscle so it has muscle memory of
how you speak so it just has to like
relearn how to say words
so hopefully probably my lip goes away
but these are also thicker than like the
actual porcelain veneers will be so like
I said this it's basically like two
dentures I have them there like it's
just one big piece on the top and on the
bottom so you can't really floss or
anything like that so we have to do
coconut oil a lot we obviously still
brush our teeth but we have to do
coconut oil a lot and I already chipped
this guy the first day I had them I
don't even know what I did and I feel
like I've stained them a little bit
because I drink coffee and these are
acrylic and I'm not really pressed about
these teeth I just want my permanence in
so yeah Bebe's got his teeth done - and
when I tell you he looks like a
different human it's in saying you can
just see his teeth so much more because
not only did I have small teeth I have a
really small mouth so like when people
see me they're like oh it's like not
that big of a difference and when they
see him they're like oh it's a big
difference like my moms like Jeremy see
they're so great I'm like what about
mine what about mine for foundation
today I'm gonna try the hourglass vanish
seamless foundation this is in the shade
warm beige this might be a little warm
for your girl right now because I'm a
little on the lighter side but we're
gonna give it a go see what we got see
what we got so I'm gonna pump some of
this onto my skin I feel like this might
be too dark for me oh yeah
like oh no we're not putting this on I'm
gonna try nude instead but I'm gonna try
this little brush that it came OH
whoa girl oh my god
what color is this yellow all right
let's work this product that is really
full-coverage maybe I just needed one
dot I'm wearing a top even if it's my
right shade of foundation I always put
foundation like wherever skin is showing
because then everything is like the same
texture do you ever watch like reality
TV or I don't know maybe there's just me
but like people will be in interviews
and you can tell that they like stop the
makeup here because it's just like a
different texture like all this looks so
smooth and airbrush and then it's like
skin so like if your skin is showing go
so makeup on it doesn't strictly have to
be for your face only so oh hi sir blue
actually had to go to the vet today
because she had like a growth in her ear
which has just been getting like bigger
and bigger and bigger it wasn't like
cancer or anything like that it was just
like a growth that vet said oh is just
maybe from old age we didn't even notice
it for the longest time but it's like
rate while she would scratch her ear so
she had to go get it removed today the
vet just texted me and said she was done
and she did good and can you not knock
mom's stuff over please and that she did
good and we could pick her up after 2
o'clock
it's only like 9:00 in the morning right
now I'm just kind of disappointed that
it wasn't like my actual shade because
when things aren't your actual shade you
just have to work a lot harder sir
this is not my shade like look at my arm
I gotta be careful with my ears my ears
are still going through it I got it what
is it what are those things called key
leads from piercings I got one on my
conch so I've been trying to handle that
guy which sucks because I feel like I
take such good care of them
I'm still sleeping on a neck pillow but
I got one anyway
it's a little on the matte side for my
liking I like a foundation that has a
little bit more luminosity to it my
mom's calling me guys hold please
hey narrow also if you have ear
piercings these things will save your
damn life because even still now like
when I talk on the phone it hurts juice
is right here
hey wow look at those feet come on clean
your eyes we literally have to clean his
eyes when he's asleep otherwise he'll
try to fight us and you see the size of
these paws so remember when I saw I was
gonna get my eyebrows done I lied to you
okay I didn't get them done sir we're
still we're still going we're still
going strong but it doesn't even bother
me anymore it's wild so I have been
using this benefit precisely my brow
pencil and it's in the shade for to just
kind of fill in what we've got going on
here what do I really think about this
foundation I feel like it's settling on
my nose so like all that brow hair
underneath it could go like I don't need
it but I'm like attached to it like I
grew it and it's mine and I like I don't
want to get rid of it but I know that I
need to so the reason I got my teeth
done is I've always had issues with my
teeth I've had so many root canals mmm
if you didn't know like teeth are pretty
hereditary and my grandma lost all of
her teeth when my mom got pregnant she
her teeth became really weak and she
lost all of her teeth so she actually
has dental implants because she just had
very weak enamel which is what I had as
well so my front tooth was like super
short and it was like an S on the bottom
and I would always like chip my teeth my
teeth in the back we're like so chipped
it was crazy like I would always
difficulty eating because I could only
chew on like one side of my mouth and I
just always had issues with my teeth and
I've known that I wanted to get veneers
for a really long time and the thing
that just kind of pushed me overboard to
get the veneers is I had always had gaps
in my teeth
they were never those are just my teeth
I never had braces or anything like that
but I always had gaps in my teeth
starting from like here and going like
all the way around and I had a gap in
the middle of my tooth for a long time
it just wasn't as noticeable as it has
been and I feel like it was just like
over time my teeth were just kind of
shifting and separating a little more
and I was like is this gap just gonna
grow on forever because some days I
would look at myself in the mirror and
I'm like like I could fit like a freakin
french fry and between that sometimes it
just seems so intense so that was kind
of like the tipping point for me being
like alright let me get some damn
veneers because I'm tired of my baby ass
teeth first of all they were so tiny and
I just knew the gaps we're gonna get
progressively larger because that's just
what it was leading up to and also the
color of my teeth I was never satisfied
with and because I had such weak enamel
I could never whiten them because it
would it wouldn't do anything it would
just make my teeth sensitive and I was
like you know what lo just got some damn
veneers so I thought it was gonna be
like easy and you know I don't know I
just thought it was gonna be easy girl
it was not easy okay it was like five
hours um I had a panic attack mid
drilling and I don't even know why like
the dentist doesn't really scare me I
don't like going to the dentist
obviously who wants people's hands all
in your mouth and [ __ ] but I've never
been scared of the dentist and I've
gotten five root canals I can deal with
the drilling I don't know what happened
I was fine and then I was not fine I
don't think I've ever had a panic attack
before but I got really lightheaded
nauseous I was just crying out of
nowhere my whole body which is like
super tense thank God Biebs was there
because he came into the room because he
had already gotten his teeth done by
then and he came in the room and just we
were doing like breathing exercises you
know in four four hold for for out for
four and that really helped calm me down
but it was like a good 30 40 minutes of
me just in freakout panic mode
like I said I don't even know what
happened I was fine and then I wasn't
fine um is this foundation giving me an
allergic reaction like what's going on
on my neck so I'm gonna use this full
spectrum palette from covergirl this is
called reverence I'm gonna grab this
first shade here and we're gonna use
this underneath our brow and if you can
see like a little like shadow right
there that is my tooth underneath um he
said you can just kind of see it through
the acrylic teeth but obviously when I
get my perms that guy won't be there you
can see it on beeps - which is annoying
so I'm gonna pick up this Brown here in
the palette and I love this brush this
is from zoeva and this is a luxe crease
brush it's one of my favorites I have a
smaller version of this too which is
amazing and I'm gonna start here in the
corner and just kind of work it out work
it out work it out I like taking it like
right up into my brow hair there
and we're gonna keep it like kind of
closed very round shape I really like
these clever girl palettes I think
they're very pigmented and easy to blend
shadows I was gonna use the new Naked
palette for this look but I feel like I
liked the shades better in this palette
I'm kind of blending this on to the lid
as well because like I said I just want
to do like a soft brown eye today like
all brown our little is gonna be brown I
think this is just the one shade I
really like to do looks that just mainly
involved to our shadows not like 3000
but those are cute too
no I'm not into this foundation like I'm
not into it so I'm gonna take off this
foundation and I don't know if you guys
can see my neck area but like what is
happening and it's making me nervous
about my face so um and there's like no
found mm-hmm nope no no no no it looks
way worst in person than it does on
camera because the lights are so bright
it's kind of like dulling it out so I'm
gonna go in with this maybelline
superstay multi-use foundation stick
this is in the shade 125 um now we're
just gonna go from there this is one of
my favorites
drugstore stick foundations as well and
I'm liking this color a lot better like
I'm not so yellow I'm just trying to
make that work but when I can see the
foundation hanging out on my skin like I
don't like that at all
we're gonna blend don't worry thinks
it's been sitting here for a while I'm
just gonna spray it down with some
setting spray I wonder if it was the
brush or the actual makeup itself I hope
it's just a brush and my skin it's just
extra sensitive which I know okay this
is looking a bit ER and I don't think
that I have to tell you guys
I'm gonna tell you anyway we're using
light pressure I always thought that I
had like acne prone skin because I was
oily but ever since I started getting
facials she is like no you have really
sensitive skin oh my god damn all this
time I thought I didn't have sensitive
skin and I would wonder why I broke out
from trying new things so I'm gonna
throw a couple of coats of mascara on
before we put on our false lashes and I
just want to quickly mention this is
from essence and this is the lash
princess sculpted Volume Mascara I don't
know what I've tried a bunch of their
mascaras and they're all really good I
love all the brushes but this one this
one's magical I really like the brush on
it too cuz it has a little curve and it
just makes your lashes look so long high
so I'm gonna go with the bottom set
because it's a little more tapered in
the front not as long as this guy is up
top so we're gonna do this bottom set so
always give your lash glue a second to
get tacky feel like that's the tip
everyone gets but it's super true it's
just going to actually stick on to your
eye when you place it on there it's not
going to move all over the place so I
always like to anchor down the center
first like right where it's gonna be and
then you can kind of adjust so this guy
needs to be pulled over more I can't oh
and then I always put the end on less
see how he just kind of stuck right on
there without it sliding all over the
place but you can still maneuver it it's
still wet enough that you can move your
lash around if you need to it's just
gonna be easier for you and then I just
start pushing the lash down onto my lash
line and then clamp everything down
together and then I always push my lash
upwards especially at the end because
we've had this discussion right or you
don't want the end of your lash to be
pointing downward because it's just
going to give your eye
Jupe appearance so I always just push up
on the lashes you could curl them
obviously but sometimes you can
catch your lash the glue and pull your
whole lash off so I just always use my
finger and just let it sit there first
okay this way your lashes are up as they
should be and not like pointing straight
down like that juice really water
plumping primer from what if this was
like my actual lip color that I was
gonna go with for the day I don't know
what this is but I just saw it sitting
there and it is a lush lips of water
plumping up primer I don't know how far
in advance but yours also put this on
duty because Mama's no different with
foundation so for concealer I'm gonna
try this Mac Studio Fix 24 hours smooth
wear concealer okay that's a little
light how much darker it looks in the
tube and I'm gonna take the sky from BH
and it's really light
see our beauty blender which always
saves the day pick this up I haven't
been this bright under the eye in a
minute I'm actually not mad at it and a
little to the chin just so it kind of
pulls it all together so it's not like
the under eyes are like high but I
actually don't mind it once it's like
fully blended out to set my under eyes
I'm going to use the Ben Nye bear
translucent powder and I'm just going to
put a little I'm just gonna put a little
bit of this in my hand up top
pretty and then I'm gonna do a little
bit of baking because I just need this
makeup to last all day and it's pretty
early in the day so again I'm just gonna
add some of this to my hand and pick up
on my Beauty Blender and then just bake
this under the eye and then to set the
rest of my face because I really want to
lock everything in I'm gonna use this
Kat Von D lock it's a powder foundation
which is really amazing I use this on
days when I don't want to do like a lot
of makeup I'm really in to the bare
minerals as well and I'm just gonna take
it on D brush and then push this into
the skin am I getting makeup on you I'm
sorry Rachel for bronzer I'm Minnis I'm
still using this Victoria Beckham Estee
Lauder one I don't I feel like I don't
know like a really good bronzer anymore
so I just kind of stick with this guy I
always like to do a lot on the temples
cuz I just feel like it like brings your
face in
for blush we're going to use this jouer
blush palette and we're gonna pick up a
little bit of adore me blush is like one
of my favorite things
then imma take the cake aw what is this
this is the brightening powder in shade
- favorite favorite favorite must-have I
feel lost without this I'm gonna pop
this underneath my I feel like it really
makes everything super smooth and then I
always bring it down onto my cheek for
like a really seamless blend okay now
we're gonna spray this [ __ ] out of our
face I'm gonna use the Urban Decay all
nighter spray and you're really gonna go
ham when you spray your face just
because we've put so much powder on so
do not be stingy with your setting spray
juicy you might not like this part don't
be stingy and I just take my Beauty
Blender and just kind of tap over my
whole face oh [ __ ]
just powder on it so you guys are know
what I'm putting my waterline right this
is a makeup forever artist color pencil
you can use these on the your lid you
can use these under your eyes your
waterline lip liner you can use these
anywhere on your face this is just like
my go-to for my waterline
I like how like red and warm it is in my
waterline but it's like not like that
underneath take that same brown shade
that we were using in our covergirl
palette and then just kind of smudge
this underneath our lower lash line for
my lower lash line I'm gonna go in with
the Jennifer Lopez Inglot mascara this I
really only use on my lower lash line
because the brush is so small and I'm
just gonna run some quickly up top you
can use any mascara for this I like to
get like the tips of the lash for our
lips we're gonna do a dark liner this is
chestnut from Mac I don't so much over a
line my lower lip and I cast like a
shadow underneath it just to make it
look more plump
I'm gonna take double shot which is like
a brownie shade as well just a little
lighter and then I'm just gonna pick up
some of this clear gloss from shochet
dough and just gonna tap it on pull
these hairs over the ears to hide what's
going on back there so hope you guys
enjoyed this look if you've never tried
a brown lip I definitely recommend it
it's like a lip that makes you makes you
feel some type of way when you put it on
so again I hope you guys enjoyed as
always everything will be listed in the
bottom bar in case I didn't mention what
I was using it will be listed down below
I hope you enjoyed hanging out with me
because I enjoyed sitting here talking
to you and hopefully this list hopefully
my Lisp goes away soon so I love you
guys and I will see you super soon in
another video
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
