[Music]
hello and welcome back to my channel so
for today's look we're gonna do a
modern-day Tim Burton character you
basically just turn yourself into a Tim
Burton character I got the idea from
Abby Roberts absolutely loved her page
she is so talented and I saw this look a
few months ago and I was like I have to
do it so the first thing I'm gonna do is
cover my brows I haven't covered my
brows in a hot minute but it's pretty
easy all you're gonna need is a purple
glue stick make sure you're using the
purple one this is the one that works
the best and I like to use the smaller
ones because this way I don't get like
glue all over my face and I'm just going
to swirl it in my brows as you can see
I'm really making sure that I get the
product underneath the hairs and on top
of the hairs just make sure you get glue
covering every single little solitary
hair you might have I have a lot of brow
hairs so I'm really taking my time in
concentrating and then I'm going to
brush all the hairs straight up some
people brush them over but I find that
if you brush them straight up it just
makes it a lot flatter on your face this
part does kind of hurt because I'm kind
of giving it a lot of pressure but I
just want to make sure that all the
hairs are flat to my face and then I'm
going to go over it one more time with
the glue stick just being gentle more
gentle this time and going in the
direction of the hair so I'm only
pushing the glue stick up just making
sure that all those brow hairs are
covered and then we're going to set it
with some translucent powder
[Music]
next I'm just going to take a white
eyeliner pencil and just kind of map out
where I'm going to be darkening parts of
my face just kind of giving the illusion
that we have a smaller face than we
actually have so I'm just using the
white pencil first just because you know
I get a little scared so I like to map
everything out before I actually go in
with black and we're not gonna fill it
in just yet I just want to map it out
and get out the way I'm gonna add a
little bit of orange color corrector to
my brows just to kind of conceal that
darkness a little more and then we'll go
over with concealer and completely get
rid of the eyebrows I was actually
pretty proud of my eyebrow covering job
this time and we're gonna be putting an
eye shadow over our brows anyway so
they're really gonna get like disguise
behind this makeup
[Music]
so I'm just gonna use a concealer for my
foundation because I wanted to be on the
lighter side of the skintone around
because I originally when I started this
look was going to turn her into a
vampire so I wanted her have pale skin
but I was honestly so tired at the end
of this that I just skipped that part
completely going in with some black
water activated paint I'm just going to
darken out the parts of my face just to
give the illusion that we have a tinier
looking face then we actually have
everybody's face it's gonna be a little
bit different but I'm just kind of
following the hollows of my cheeks and
temples and this darkening is really
going to help our cheekbones pop towards
the end of this transformation
[Music]
okay next we're gonna draw on our new
eyeballs so I'm just gonna do two
circles all the way around and then
we're gonna go ahead and draw our new
eyelid as well and for that I'm just
going to use my brow as kind of a
guideline of where it would be and then
that's gonna be like where we add like
our shadow and everything like that
[Music]
picking up some red eyeshadow I'm gonna
start packing that on our new eyelid
[Music]
and I'm going to go ahead and just
outline everything with a black eyeliner
just our eye circle and then our new
eyelid as well
[Music]
next I'm gonna take some black shadow
and start adding that to the inner and
outer corner of our new eyelid just to
create a little bit more dimension and
depth and have it look not so flat I'm
also gonna be adding a shadow above that
top a black line here I'm just adding
some shimmer highlight just to add a
little bit more dimension shimmer
highlight shimmer shadow and then as you
can see above the line I'm going to be
going back and forth just kind of adding
shadow up there for when we put like our
new brow on
here I'm just taking a white cream paint
I'm actually using like a white clown
face paint because it's like a cream
paint but it's a little more solid so it
doesn't really slip and slide around as
much as like a makeup forever flash
palette paint would and I'm just going
to white out my entire eye make sure you
get all of your lashes too because we're
just kind of trying to create an
illusion that our lashes aren't there
and of course I'm going to set it with a
white eye shadow as well and then I'll
just go over my line one more time to
just thicken it and darken it back up
then it's just gonna get a little bit
repetitive so we're just gonna go back
to the top eyelid and just deepen it up
some more with some black eyeshadow and
then we'll eventually start working on
our lower lash line doing the same thing
kind of blowing it out with like a
maroon eyeshadow and then deepening it
deepening it up with some black and
brown shadows so you want the darkest
part to be closest to your black line
and then have it fade out you guys know
how to do your makeup come on
[Music]
next we're gonna draw on our fake lashes
really trying to make this eyeball come
to life so I think I did about 4 on top
and maybe 7 or 8 on the bottom but again
it really just depends on your eye and
the size of your new circle that you
made for your new eyeball and this was
the hardest part of the entire look was
drawing on our actual eyeball itself so
I'm gonna draw one in the corner of my
eye and then one in the outer corner of
my eye this was kind of like a liquid
liner for me I started off with a really
small circle and then it just kept
getting bigger and bigger because it
goes from your top lid to your bottom
lid so it was really hard to make it
like a perfect circle so just kind of
take your time if you're doing this and
start small
rather than starting big because I
guaranteed the circle would end up a lot
bigger than you thought it was
[Music]
[Music]
next I'm going to chisel out these
cheekbones and to do that I'm just going
to take a bronzer and just kind of
follow the natural hollows of my cheek
and then we're really just going to
bring that shading down pretty far to
make our cheek look sunk in and then to
really make it pop you're just going to
keep darkening that top part of your
contour and then wherever the darkest
part is you're gonna lay a white
highlight down right on top of that
that's just going to give the illusion
of a really really sharp cheek
[Music]
here I'm just adding a little bit of the
maroon shadow just so it plays a little
bit better with the eyes
[Music]
going back in with our water activated
paint I'm just going to black it out
most of my let neck with my neck so we
just have that really Tiny Tim Burton
neck happening and then add a little bit
of shading to the chest and you know I
was going to be wearing a a leather
jacket so I'm really not going to
concentrate too much on this I'm just
adding a little bit of maroon shadow and
some bronzer and just kind of going over
any shadows I see
[Music]
[Music]
next to make our super long lashes I'm
just going to cut two little slivers off
the edge of some black construction
paper and then we're just going to glue
those on to our lid I actually painted
mine black that's why I didn't put them
on right away and moved on to my lips
which you can see that I am super duper
over lining and then just extending out
the corners ever so slightly and then
I'm really over lining at my bottom lip
as well but back to the lashes I painted
mine black because they just weren't as
black as I wanted them but really really
easy just like I said cut off to little
slivers from some construction paper
will glue them on in a second
[Music]
and I'm just using a little bit of lash
glue to stick these guys on I like love
these paper lashes so once those lashes
are on this look is complete it was
actually a complete I'm gonna draw on a
little widow's peak because I was like
one of my favorite things about Abby's
look was that little widow's peak and
I'm just doing that with some brown
liquid liner but yeah once that is
complete this look is complete it was
pretty hard to pose with my eyes closed
so I hope you guys enjoy I love you and
I will see you super soon bye guys
[Music]
