hello and welcome back to my channel
actually not welcome back because I
gotta call my mom hello and welcome back
to my channel so it is Tuesday so that
means it is top ten Tuesday we're gonna
be talking about my top ten favorite
foundations it took me a minute to pull
my top ten because I was like going back
and forth on what I wanted to talk about
and all that but I feel like we have
like a good top ten situation here to
talk about but Before we jump in to our
top ten favorite foundations I quickly
wanted to mention to you guys my audible
pick of the month
if you do not know which if you watch my
channel you know I've been partnered
with audible for ever and ever and ever
so if you guys want to start a 30-day
free trial with them all you have to do
is go to audible.com slash Nicol or you
can text Nicole to 500 500 and you can
download any book your little heart
desires they have an unmatched selection
of books
I am currently listening to rich people
problems which is the third book in the
crazy rich Asians trilogy
I finished China rich girlfriend and I'm
on to rich people problems I'm only
about um I think I'm on chapter 5 which
I'm about halfway through over the years
I've really grown to love listening to
audiobooks when I listen to a book I
don't know if this is just me or what
but I'm the main character like I'm in
the book I'm super ready for the movie
to come out okay like where's Part two
I'm on book three I'm gonna need part
two of the movie out audible just really
amazing to listen to if you're in the
car if you're going to sleep if you have
if you want like a minute to yourself it
really helps me like the zone out that's
my favorite part about it because
sometimes we all know I love music okay
we all know this but sometimes I get a
little too hype when I'm listening to
music and when I listen to an audiobook
and really like Zen's me out it's like
the best way that I can describe it tons
of you DM me and always send me your
audible recommendations which I really
love that like a lot of you are like
super into it now as well so again if
you guys want to get started all you
have to do is go to audible.com slash
Nicol and you're in there but really who
is ready for crazy rich angels part two
are we ready to talk about our top ten I
said our like these are your favorites -
our top 10 favorite foundations I feel
like we have a good
Little Mix here we have some high-end
and we have some drugstore favorites in
here as well so I'm just gonna go ahead
and jump in cuz I feel like I'll
probably be a little rambly in this
video hopefully I can narrow down my
thoughts and pinpoint the specific
things I want to talk about so the first
foundation I want to mention is from
wonder Beauty and this is their nude
illusion liquid foundation I want to
talk about this guy first because I
mentioned it a couple days ago on
Instagram I had a ton of questions about
it so this is a full-coverage foundation
but it is very lightweight on the skin
like it didn't ever feel heavy on my
face when I was wearing it I purchased
this guy from Sephora a few months ago
but finally I've just kind of gotten
around to using it because I feel like I
get stuck on a foundation like if I
really like a foundation I just kind of
keep going back to it this guy also has
a natural radiant finish which means
it's not gonna look really matte on your
face it's gonna have a little bit of
glow to it which is my favorite I don't
like to look super matte if ever I want
to look matte with a foundation I'll
just apply powder I also really like the
applicator that comes with the sky you
see it's in a tube so you don't expect
it to have a doe foot applicator which
makes application very easy and not
messy I also blended this guy out with a
brush instead of a Beauty Blender don't
ask me why I was in a brush mood that
day
and I was completely blown away by how
effortless the foundation blended out I
didn't need a ton of foundation either
to give me like a very beautiful
seamless looking coverage all over my
face so I was very very impressed with
the full coverage Ness and how
lightweight it felt on my face now I
only got like six hours of wear time out
of this foundation which for me is okay
and you're probably wondering like why
am i mentioning this foundation if I
only got like six hours of wear time out
of it because for me I usually only have
my foundation on for five or six hours
anyway and I take it off because like I
just want my skin to breathe after those
five or six hours I started to notice
that I was breaking up around my nose
area and that's what the primer and
everything it might have been my fault
because I might have used too much
setting spray that day and
did make me look a little oily towards
the end of the night but other than the
not so long wearing time that I got out
of it I do still think it's a beautiful
foundation and I still will use this
foundation it looks beautiful and it
blends out so fast like it's the fastest
liquid foundation that I've ever blended
out like after I was done I was like wow
wow the next guy we talked about this in
my current must-have favorite products
and this is from Tarte and this is their
found seal they're very very very into
this foundation it is good for all skin
types again if you are dry oily
combination whatever kind of skin type
you have this guy is going to work for
you where work what little oh this guy
is going to work for you it also has an
SPF of 20 in it and I did take pictures
with this with flash and I didn't get
any weird bounce back this is a really
really really really really comfortable
foundation to wear on your skin and it
also has that natural radiant finish so
you just look healthy and glowy when I
put this foundation on I was super
impressed by it just by how healthy my
skin looked when I had it on I don't
have this foundation on today we'll talk
about the foundation that I have on it's
in the mix it's in the mix this guy has
hyaluronic acid in it which is going to
be great for hydration on your face and
I believe there's sunflower seed in it
which has a vitamin A and E in it which
is also really good for your skin so
it's kind of like foundation and skin
care in one it is calling a multitasking
foundation but I was just really
impressed with this foundation so I
wanted to throw it in the mix even
though we just spoke about it I just
think it's like a really bomb bomb
foundation alright next this is my baby
y'all like I love this foundation that's
what I'm talking about like when I get
stuck on a foundation I get stuck on a
foundation that's the laura mercier
flawless Lumiere radiance perfecting
foundation and I wear mine in cashew and
this is what I have on my face currently
I just can't say enough about this guy
but I'm gonna try I'm gonna try so this
is a long way or foundation let me tell
you when I say long wear this guy is not
going anywhere I can have this guy on
all day all night look at myself in the
mirror and even I am like
like it looks good no matter what and
I'm not somebody that touches up my
makeup throughout the day I don't like
to do that I don't carry makeup with me
when I go places I'm just not a touch
her upper I had this on at the wedding I
had this one little baby shower it did
not budge I set out in the heat okay in
Florida with this foundation on and it
didn't go anywhere so to me and that is
like I'll put you up on a pedestal for
that this guy is oil free and transfer
resistant it also says that it has a
matte finish but I I don't know if I
agree with that like I know that I'm
like disagreeing like with what the
brand says it is but to me it's not it's
like a natural matte like I don't look
like to me the Kat Von D lock-it
foundation like that is a matte
foundation like I just look instantly
dry it blent it dries really quickly and
to me this one doesn't do that like
after I apply this I still look like
luminous and glowy which I really like
but I'm gonna tell you that's a matte
foundation cuz that's that's what it
says about the foundation but IRA no I
don't know if I agree with that this guy
also does a really good job at
controlling my oily nose area even if I
do use a dewy setting spray I don't know
why I always have the itchy as armpits
either and this makeup always feels like
light on my face even though it is full
coverage and it says it's matte and it's
long wearing and all that jazz it never
feels really heavy on my face so to me
this is like my number one go-to
foundation it is just the best like they
put magic in here I'm convinced next we
have the Becca skin love Foundation
which is a blurring foundation anything
that says blurring I'm like poet in the
bag I gotta try this what is this like
this is my only foundation I'm going to
mention to you guys that is not listed
as a full coverage foundation but this
guy is so smoothing and blurring on the
face you look like a little baby when
you apply this foundation I like this
for days where I'm not really doing
anything so sometimes I'll use a powder
foundation and sometimes I'll use this
guy and I apply this guy with my fingers
because some for some reason that's just
how I like it it doesn't provide full
coverage so I feel like I can really get
away with applying with my fingers it's
infused with a glow nectar brightening
serum so it makes your skin look really
healthy really full really plump like I
said you
really look like a baby when you apply
this foundation it also is self setting
that's why I like to wear it also unlike
no makeup days when I want a little bit
of coverage so when I say like on days
that I don't wear a lot of makeup I like
if I have to go to the store or
something I always like to cover like
this area here because my cheeks are red
when I don't have any makeup on because
I have a little tiny bit of rosacea
happening on my cheeks so I'm just
usually always red right here and I'll
usually always put it under my eyes
because my eyes are dark I'm I just kind
of give off that leg a little bit of
sick vibe like people are like oh you
wear too much makeup and then you don't
wear makeup and they're like oh honey
are you sick you're like no I'm not I
just have dark circles under my eyes so
that's why I like to apply this guy it's
very fast I pumped like one pump in my
hand working on my fingers and then just
like working on my face I wish they had
this foundation like when I started
wearing makeup as like a teenager
because I feel like this is like a great
intro into foundation because you still
look youthful you're not covering up
everything you're just kind of evening
everything out if that makes sense
I don't know as crazy as like my hair
gets like frizzy in here because he gets
so hot so before I was hooked on the
Laura Mercier foundation I was hooked on
this guy here which is the forever
foundation from Dior they are very
similar to me like the Laura Mercier
flawless and this guy here this is a
long-lasting foundation as well but this
guy says it provides 24 hours of wear
time like 24 hours who's got that makeup
on for 24 hours we should do a video
though like where I try to keep my
makeup on for legit 24 hours I wouldn't
make it though girl cuz I love my sleeve
like 12 hours than I'd like hey I wonder
if it would make it through me sleeping
this guy has an SPF of 35 in it which is
really really nice I usually always
apply an SPF like rate to my face when I
wake up in the morning so if I wake up I
wash my face and I apply my SPF so you
guys never really see me do SPF step
whenever you see me like doing my makeup
but just know I am always wearing SPF
because the Sun is dangerous the Sun is
dangerous I've never had a flashback
issue with this guy as well it is a very
full coverage foundation and this guy
has a matte finish but again I don't I
don't know if I feel like the Laura
Mercier and this guy do say matte but to
me you still look healthy still look
glowy and I don't know I just I'm sorry
that I'm disagreeing with the brands I
just can't get into them saying that
it's matte I guess I could say it's like
a velvety matte like it
smoothing mat it never cracks on me it
never looks cakey it never looks drying
on my face so this guy is just if you
want a splurge splurge okay cuz this guy
is super legit a little bit goes a long
way this is really worth that next is
from Too Faced and this is the Born This
Way Foundation love love this foundation
this this one really looks like your
skin like honestly that's why it's
called Born This Way because it has such
like a blurring effect and it blends so
well into your skin that honestly it
looks like you were just born with like
a naturally radiant beautiful skin like
ah but I wasn't it is a medium to full
coverage foundation so you can build
this up I really never got like a medium
coverage vibe from it I always thought
it was like more full coverage but it
does say like right on the bottom medium
to full so I thought that I would
mention that I know that it comes in a
ton of shades which is really really
nice oil-free it's very hydrating on the
skin and it does last a really long time
it has a radiant finish and it's good
for all skin types I also love a
foundation that has hyaluronic acid
because it makes you look very plump
like and very moisturize
I'm pretty sure it has coconut water in
it I feel like as soon as I go to talk
about the ingredients I'm like okay are
we ready for an OG favorite here okay
this is L'Oreal True Match this is one
of the first foundations I started
wearing it is such a staple it is such
an iconic foundation it is a high-end
foundation that lives at the drugstore
in my opinion is so good it could be
sold in Sephora it is very liquidy which
I really like it has a very smoothing
appearance of the face you look very
healthy very glowy it's not like a matte
foundation it doesn't dry down and I
always just to get a very long wear out
of this foundation but with all my
foundations I do set because I'm not a
touch rapper so I always set my
foundation when I was working as a
bartender this is the foundation I was
always wearing and I would work like
12-hour shifts no touch-ups and still
look fresh as a daisy by the end of my
shift there are a ton of these so you
can definitely find your foundation in
this I would wear mine in w6 this is w7
I don't know I have such a dark
foundation I'm probably not even w6
anymore because I was way
a tanner back in the day but I just
wanted to mention it to you guys because
it's such an amazing foundation that
like I said lives at the drugstore it's
oil free it doesn't clog your pores it
is just like it's definitely a Holy
Grail foundation I need to go get my
actual shade that's why I haven't been
wearing it because I don't have it in my
shade you all should do like a throwback
video like how I used to do my makeup
and use all these og favorites but this
guy if you really have never tried
l'oreal true match foundation you're
missing out again it is a high-end
foundation at a drugstore price this is
the l'oreal infallible make up i love it
in the stick and i also love it in the
liquid version so i wanted to mention
them both to you guys i love a stick
foundation i just can't wear a stick
foundation for a really long time
because I'm a little too oily any stick
foundation that I find I love it I mean
automatically love any stick foundation
I just usually always get like 4 to 5
hours where time out of a foundation I
love filming with the stick foundation
cuz I just looked so like blurred and
flawless this guy has an SPF of 27 Oh
what yeah SPF of 27 in it and it says
that it lasts 24 hours but I don't know
cuz I've never worn my makeup for 24
hours this guy just glides so
effortlessly onto the skin and it's
super easy to blend out it is a full
coverage foundation as well as this guy
here which is the 24-hour fresh wear and
I'm like we really need to do a video of
me wearing my makeup for 24 hours
because all these foundations claiming
that I do get a little bit of longer
wear time out of the liquid but I just
think that's my skin like I said I love
any stick foundation any stick
foundation I've ever applied I've been
completely in love with I just can't
ever get like a super long wear time out
of it so these guys are both drugstore
love them both and I'm pretty sure those
like a matte version of this foundation
as well if you are like a matte loving
girl next we have the Clinique even
better foundation I really love the like
fluidity of this foundation it's very
lightweight it is full coverage on the
face and I like that it is helping your
skin while you're actually wearing this
foundation so if you have like any dark
spots on your face it's going to help
eliminate the look of the dark spots
after like extended time of wearing this
foundation so it's not like you're gonna
wear this foundation one time and boom
dark spots are gonna be gone but if you
do suffer from dark spots on your face
which I used to but I started using like
retinols and stuff and it really helped
to kind of lighten all those this is a
great foundation to wear like after
you've had a breakout because sometimes
like okay I'm the one that cannot like
leave my breakouts alone like I have to
touch them if my facialist is watching
this I'm sorry I got to do it okay
be better than me don't touch your
blemishes but it's great for like after
you have a blemish and you have like a
little bit of a dark spot left happening
I would definitely reach for the
foundation and go in because the longer
you wear it the more beneficial is going
to be for you so if you've ever suffered
with any kind of dark spots or anything
this is the one that you want to reach
for also if you don't suffer from dark
spots it's really nice to wear a
foundation that's also benefiting your
skin while you're wearing it instead of
just like looking cute while it's on you
know I'm liking about a lot of these
foundations are like throwing skincare
in the mix as well so it's like more
beneficial for your skin so it's not
just you know looking pretty it's like
actually beneficial for you and last but
not least is the stick foundation from
Maybelline I know that it doesn't look
like you get a ton of product in it
which we've talked about before I've
been like okay what in the k'kaw contour
sticks is going on here but look this
guy is still lasting me a little bit of
this stick foundation goes a really
really long way again you know I love a
stick foundation but with this one this
one provides I think it says like 16
hours of wear so all stick foundations
to me do provide full coverage I like to
apply this one and then blend it out
with my fingers which a lot of
foundations I don't like to do it with
but I find with this one it does work a
little bit better and it just looks
really smooth on your face also any of
these foundation sticks if you get it
like in a couple shades darker or a
couple shades lighter you can also use
them for contouring and highlighting
which is nice it's like a multi-use
situation out of all the stick
foundations I have ever used I think
that this one does last the longest
on me did I tell you what this IVA was
maybelline superstay foundation stick
mmm so those are my top ten foundations
and I hope you guys enjoy it I hope one
of these foundations you try works for
you and it becomes like one of your top
ten foundations please leave me some of
your like all-time favorite foundations
because I would love to try them out
even though I'm just like
at the laura mercier one because it's so
good I'm always down to try a new
foundation so yeah that is it for me I
hope you guys enjoyed I don't have
anything else to tell you guys except I
love you and I will see you super soon
in a new video bye guys
