summer seems crooked but I've tried to
readjust it like 15 times so we're just
gonna go with it hello and welcome back
to my channel so today's video is going
to be all about my ear piercings kind of
like my tattoo video was so if you guys
are not interested in piercings you
don't give a damn about getting your ear
pierced you don't want to know what I
did to heal my ears even though they are
still healing or to heal my keloid then
this video is probably not for you so I
want to give you a heads up even though
I know you can read you can see the
bottom bar this video is gonna be all
about ear piercings a lot of you have
requested this video I get tons of DMS
almost every single day about my ear
piercings and what I use and a lot of
you guys are struggling with sleeping
and keloids and I did have a keloid on
my conch and I feel like it's almost
completely gone so I'm gonna tell you
guys what I did to heal that I'll tell
you the solution that I use how to sleep
on your piercings and some of the places
that I get jewelry from I did show you
guys like my like everyday earring
situation in the vlog that I uploaded
last week so I will link that in the
bottom bar as well and plus in the
bottom bar of that video the vlog there
is a ton of places that I buy jewelry
from which I will list in this video as
well because I do get a lot of questions
on my jewelry so yeah this video is
going to be all about piercings because
you guys want to hear about it so I'm
tell you about it okay
also I have my new teeth in and
hopefully I'm not as lispy as I was with
the temporaries I am gonna do a full
video on my veneer experience because I
love you are requesting that as well and
I think I'm gonna have Jeremy do it with
me because we both got them done at the
same time and I feel like his experience
was different than mine we're gonna live
in them though a little bit for like two
weeks so I can really get like a feel
maybe like a month because I've only had
them in for a few days I got them put in
on Thursday night and it's only Monday
morning so I haven't had them in that
long but I will say I feel like I sound
better it's way easier to eat and it's
just so much better than the temporaries
like the temporaries were painful and
hurt and I couldn't wait to get those
things out so I currently have eleven
piercings in my ear I'm not done I do
want a few more I know originally I said
that I wanted to just get my tragus done
am I saying that right because every
time I say it I feel like I sound it
sounds wrong but I think I'm saying it
right but I do think that I want to get
a few more like I think I want to get
like
little teeny tiny one like here in the
middle and I want to get one up here I
don't know like I just really AM into
them I really like them
and this little snake is one of my
favorites I have the snake because I'm
Slytherin but he is just always on the
move okay always on the move so I'm
gonna go in order of my holes I'm gonna
kind of my holes I'm gonna go in order
of my piercings
so my first hole I got when I think I
was like 2 months old my mom took me to
get my ears pierced when I was a wee
little one she said nobody wanted to
pierce my ears but she found some lady
at the flea market and was like come on
bring me that baby and boom I got my ear
pierced so I basically had my first hole
since birth that one's not really
exciting so we're moving on from him the
second hole I got maybe I feel like it's
been like nine months or so since I got
my second hole pierced today my hand is
all cut up from my MCATs I knew that I
wanted to start doing a whole curated
ear situation a curated ears basically
where you put like a lot of thought into
what you want your ear to look like I
knew I wanted to go with the gold and
diamond theme I was like okay let me
start to my ear piercing journey so I
went to a tattoo parlor and got my
second hole pierced they did not pierce
it with these earrings my mom actually
got me these a few months ago they
pierced me with just a surgical steel
earring and I feel like maybe my ears
didn't like that surgical steel because
when I got my second hole pierced it
would not heal I was also not using the
solution I am now I was using a like
some h2o solution which is in a little
bottle which is fine it's just not
recommended by my guy that pierces my
ears now he said it actually can delay
the healing process but he said that
everyone's different so if you are using
that h2o solution if it's not working
for you maybe switch to the one that I'm
gonna mention also if you're wanting to
get any ear piercings please go to a
tattoo parlor or a piercer do not go to
Claire's do not go to the middle of the
mall do not let them pierce you with the
piercing gun because one that can cause
a lot of trauma to your ear because
they're actually piercing your ear with
the earring and two you don't really
know how sanitary that gun is so just
always get pierced with a straight up
needle through the ear that's the most
sanitary and the safest way for you to
pierce your ear that gun that gun scares
the [ __ ] out of me okay I got my second
hole pierced
like I said probably like nine months
eight months eight nine months ten meat
maybe it's been more than that I'm not
really sure but that guy took so long to
heal and I was kind of like discouraged
about the jewelry that was in it I was
like I gotta keep this thing in I don't
like this blubber and I was like all
right let me just chill on my ear
piercing journey because I need to find
somebody super legit that has cool ash
jewelry that can pierce my ear with my
nail girl Raina actually found the guy
that I go to now his name is Matt and
he's at Blum body art he just opened his
own situation his Instagram handle is
quality piercings and he is like
certified he does like all these extra
steps that the guy that pierced my this
second hole definitely did not do at the
tattoo parlor so I was like okay maybe
that's why I'm here it was not healing
so the guy that I go through now is
super super legit I will not let anybody
else pierce my ear but him so my one my
my 5th 6th 7th and 8th piercing I got
all at the same time so I got these two
guys which are helix piercings or
cartilage piercings he mapped out the
best place to put them on my ear so my
little snake you can see is kind of
moved further in on my ear so that you
can see him he's not like tucked back
like this guy here is kind of tucked
back in to my ear and then my conch
right here is like an Opel Trinity and
then this little guy up here is a little
marijuana leaf a lot of people ask
mainly were they painful yes they were
painful it's a needle through your ear
and I have a really hard year like it's
really crunchy is really hard if I sleep
on my ear wrong it is so uncomfortable
like before I had piercings if I would
sleep on my ear my ear would just be
like SuperDuper sore so I was really
nervous but I knew that I wanted the
piercings that I knew that the pain was
gonna be over quickly the thing that I
didn't know was how long cartilage
piercings take to heal a cartilage
piercing takes six months to a year to
heal and I found this out after Tim
Pierce and I was like okay so what am I
supposed to do now so the solution that
he recommended is this guy right here in
Le med this is piercing aftercare this
is what I've been using this is my third
bottle of this
I go through it pretty rapidly because
I'm spraying them like twice a day I'm
spraying the front and I'm also spraying
the backs of my ears
basically when I get out of the shower
and then I kind of dab them off with a
little q-tip because I don't want them
to say soaking wet he also recommended
that I sleep on a neck pillow so you
know how neck pillow is shaped like this
so I just kind of sleep sideways because
I'm a side sleeper and my ear just kind
of rests in the middle of the pillow so
there's not any pressure on my actual
ear so if you get any kind of cartilage
piercings and you are a side sleeper get
a neck pillow it's gonna save your life
it's gonna help you sleep more
comfortably and not worry about
squishing your piercings so after I got
those four done I was like okay I need
more I like the fact that I had two on
this side and at the time I had only had
this guy and I was I felt like it looked
like a little naked so I went back to
Matt like two weeks later and I got
another three piercings I got my third
hole done and in my lobe which these are
just two they look like gold hearts but
they're actually rose gold hearts but
they go with the vibe and then I also
got my other helix done which is just
like this little diamond bar here and
surprisingly the low piercing to me hurt
the most out of any of them which again
I'm surprised about when I went at the
first time to get my original for Rana
was there and she was getting her third
lobe done and she was like oh my god
that hurts so bad I'm like girl please
like I just pierced my conch like no way
is your lobe piercing her and when I
went back the low piercing actually hurt
a lot I was really surprised but not so
bad to her like I wouldn't do it again
like I'm already talking about going to
get more ear piercings the painful part
came when I would accidentally hit my
ears when you get pierced your bar is a
little bit longer because of the
swelling of your ear so it wants they
give you a longer bar so that you know
you have a room with the swelling and I
still haven't gone back and got my bar
switched out which I need to do because
they will put it in a smaller bar so
that there's not a lot of movement going
on so the only time that my ears
actually hurt is if I go like this and
I'll catch the back of my ear like
that's never fun but other than that
they don't hurt I don't ever feel them I
couldn't wear headphones like over the
ear headphones for a minute I can wear
them now especially if they go like all
the way over your ears but like my beats
that are like on ear headphones I can't
wear those
it is a little uncomfortable sometimes
like when you're talking on the phone
because they're putting pressure on your
ear so that's why I got ear pods so that
I can talk on the phone and don't
actually have to put the phone to my ear
so after a few months of having my ear
piercings I got a keloid on my conch
piercing a keloid basically is just like
a little bubble that can occur in like
the healing process because of the
scarring something like that I'll put
the actual definition of what a keloid
is somewhere here on the screen so that
you guys can see and I'm not just like
kind of making stuff up as I go it
didn't hurt
it was just like ugly to look at
fortunately for me because this guy is a
little Trinity ear piercing which mean
it has like three little parts on it I
could kind of turn my ear piercing and
hide the keloid there's like tons of
home remedies that people do to get rid
of keloids and one of them that I saw
was tea tree oil and it's basically like
the only thing that I had on hand so I
just started applying tea tree oil with
a q-tip to my keloid I didn't pop it or
anything like that I just basically
think I dried it out I just continuously
put tea tree oil on my keloid every day
sometimes twice a day like I said with
just a little q-tip and really gently
would just go over it and just let it
sit on there I didn't dilute it or
anything I just took it straight from
there and put it on and now my bit my
keloid is basically flat like before
when I would go like this you'd be able
to see like a huge like red little
bubble in my ear it wasn't cute but it's
gone now I think that they can come back
so I'm just kind of keeping an eye on it
making sure that really is the only
issue that I had with my ear piercings
what I really need to do like I said is
go back and get my bar switched so that
my bars aren't as long in my ear and
then I think things will be a lot better
so yeah if you guys live in my area
definitely check out Matt at quality
piercings I'll link him in the bottom
bar he is kind of pricey more so than
jewelry because it's actually like 14
karat gold that he's piercing you with I
believe that each piercing is 40 dollars
and in the price of jewelry he is a more
on the pricey side but he has definitely
worth it he's super professional super
clean super hygienic he does like all
these extra steps that you're supposed
to do when you get piercings but like I
said when I got my second hole done the
guy didn't do that I know that everyone
has different experiences with ear
piercings and I feel like mine is a
pretty good experience except for my
tiny little keloid that I got but we're
handling that he's under control
and people heal at different rates some
of you have written me and told me that
it's taken like three years for your
cartilage piercings to heal so it just
takes a lot of time and patience if you
are going to get your ears pierced just
make sure you're caring for them because
you don't want to go through the pain of
having it pierced and then have to take
your earring out in your hole close up
like then I girl I'd be a big mad okay
when I mentioned before that I want to
have my tragus done so many of you were
like oh my god that's the hardest
piercing ever I hated it and never
healed and then the other half for you
or like that's the easiest piercing so
again it's to each their own everyone
heals differently everyone's pain
tolerance is different so I love my
piercings I'm all about a curated ear I
love it
just put some like time and thought into
what you want to do instead of just like
running out and getting a bunch of ear
piercings like I knew how I wanted my
ear to look and Matt just kind of
executed it beautifully people asked
like what if you want to wear silver
jewelry I'm like no I got a vibe going
here so we're sticking with gold for now
I feel like I wear a lot of silver when
I had purple hair because I was like
more cool tone but I just like I just
like gold a little more I'm gonna leave
a lot of recommendations on places that
I get jewelry from but all the ones that
I got pierced with were from Matt shop
he has amazing jewelry selection they're
like I can't wait to go and get my other
piercings done to see what kind of other
jewelry he has and now that he's moved
to his own store but I will this places
that I get like you know earrings for
like these guys right here so yeah I
think that's it hopefully I didn't
ramble on for too long about ear
piercings hopefully it made sense I will
list my solution in the bottom bar I
just find mine on Amazon and I think
that's it so that is it for me and my
ear piercings I hope you guys enjoyed
and I will see you super soon in a new
video
