hello and welcome back to my channel I
don't think I'm under the weather I just
feel like I have a lingering cough from
Yosemite shout-out so that lady that was
coughing on the shuttle bus not covering
her mouth me and Biebs actually both got
sick from it and it wasn't like super
intent it was just I don't know it was
like annoying it was like a quick bug
but now like this coffee is like holding
on for dear life so if I sound a little
raspy imma blame her okay so four days
top ten Tuesday I'm going to be sharing
all the spots that I get my graphic tees
from if you know me if you've been
following me forever you know I live my
life in an oversized tea and some bike
shorts honestly it's just too hot in
Florida for anything else okay and I
feel like since I started filming this
little top ten Tuesday series this has
been my number one requested video is to
spill the details on where I get my
graphic tees from even though when I
kind of let one of them loose on
Instagram I got so mediums and people be
like don't share the secret so I was
like oh I didn't know they were secrets
but today I am gonna give all my secrets
away on where I get my graphic tees from
so you guys can be just as comfy as me
because comfort over everything I don't
care so Before we jump in to where you
get my teas from I quickly want to
mention to you guys my audible pick of
the month I've been partnered with
audible forever now and I've enjoyed
every second of it I love listening to
an audiobook we actually started this
audiobook when we were driving from
Yosemite to San Francisco because that
was like a five hour drive and when
you're in the car that loan you kind of
realize that they're playing like the
same ten songs over and over and over
and can be a little bit maddening
so because buki season is upon us I
downloaded this Stephen King the
Institut I even really into like these
creepy ones my last audio book was the
girl on the train and she was like that
one was like a little spooky but this
one was really spooky before I jump into
any of the details of the book which I
really don't give that much away because
I honestly hate spoiler alerts but if
you guys want to try this audiobook for
yourself you can go to audible.com slash
Nicole or you can text Nicole to 500 500
and I also think what made me like this
book so much is the person narrating the
book is like so into it which made it
like even more spooky and creepy the
book is 18 hours long so it is a it's a
long one but I am currently on chapter
125 and I have six hours left I'll
probably finish this tonight or tomorrow
while I'm packing and flying this is not
a book that I listen to at night okay
because I'll have nightmares but it's
basically about this kid that gets like
his parents get murdered and he gets
abducted and he's got this institute and
there's like gonna give it away just a
little taste but if spooky books are not
what you're into I totally get it the
good thing is audible has an unmatched
selection of books of whatever you want
it's there if you don't like a book you
can return it which I have done and
there's never been any issue if you
still have not tried audible after all
these audio books that I recommend it to
you are seriously missing out and I
highly highly recommend that you go to
audible.com slash Nicol get a free book
try it out try listening it really like
helps me unwind and relax and it's
really good on a road trip too
I really cannot wait to finish this book
I want to know what happens spoiler
alerts also I went a little bit darker
with my hair and if you see like this
black underneath my finger now it's
because I scratched my head while the
head hair dyed my hair and now my
fingernails dyed underneath so don't
think this is a little nasty nail okay
it's not his hair dye okay so let's go
ahead and jump in to where I get my
shirts from now I literally racked my
brain on places that I just kind of tend
to get my shirts from on the regular and
I only came up with seven so this is not
a top ten it's a top seven Tuesday
situation hold on I'm trying to find my
little list of I mean I know okay here
it is okay okay it's like no secret that
you could find graphic cheese anywhere I
do do a lot of shopping online just
because I like to be in the house and
these are just websites that I have a
purchase from over and over and over
again I will tell you if they're like
hit or miss or if you're always gonna
get good or something like that but
obviously you can find graphic tees
anywhere anytime I go somewhere I'm
always looking for graphic tees if I'm
on like a new website I always go and
search graphic tees so it's just like
hit or miss to me like graphic tees are
like home goods like you have to get
them when you see them cuz they're not
gonna be there if you wait like another
week and then it's always just like
trial and error so I'm usually searching
like all the time because I literally
live in graphic tees I know that you
guys know there's my number one spot
that I get graphic tees from they never
disappoint I feel like the quality of
the tees are always really good I've
just always had like
luck with this website and the website
is dolls kill calm I know it seems like
a little aggressive it is like a little
bit of like a goth II website I think
because like when I originally started
shopping on this website which was years
ago it was just like a lot of like
witchy looking things which like cool
girl do you think but they do have some
fire ass graphic tees I just placed an
order there like two weeks ago and
that's where I got like my power ranger
t-shirt that a lot of you guys are
asking for which is like one of my
favorites childhood memories come
through but they just always have so
many teas like there's never a time that
I don't go on the website that I don't
end up purchasing like ten teas a lot of
you always ask what size I am I usually
will get my teas and like an XL or 2x so
one of these websites specifically I
will only order a 2x because I feel like
they're XL czar like large and like I
want the oversized vibe I want it to
cover my butt because I'm usually
wearing bike shorts and we know that
bike shorts are sometimes a little bit
see-through so I want to make sure
everything's covered so I always go like
a size or two up because after you wash
your tee it usually shrinks anyway so
then you have like the perfect oversized
baggy fit so yeah dolls kill is like my
go-to can't live without this website
they usually always have like really
cute sunglass they have cute in
general like they've got cute boots they
got cute accessories but the graphic
tees are always on point
my second spot is where I got so many
damps this nail is killing me my second
spot is from target's men's section and
this is when I had literally so many DMS
of people are like no don't give out the
secret and I was like I didn't know it
was a secret but yeah
target men's section fire that's where I
got like my Mario Cart from my
blockbuster shirt which is like honestly
one of my favorites because the t-shirt
itself is so light I love a more like
vintage e-field t-shirt that's not
SuperDuper heavy if I get like a graphic
tee and it's like really heavy I'm like
bummed out by it because one it's 9,000
degrees here and I'm not trying to die
in this graphic t-shirt so target men's
section has a lot of like a nostalgic
vintagey looking t-shirts and they all
have like this really nice feel to them
target teens I always get in an Excel
because I find that they don't shrink
that much in the wash there's honestly
so many to choose from they're all
folded up so they're not like hanging
there just like folds it and put away
and every time I go yeah there's plenty
of teas they're always like replenished
and restocked I always go in creeped to
see if they have like any new ones but
I've noticed that it's kind of just like
the same teas stuck there and that's
like really the only thing that's like
the downside to it because I honestly
own like all those cheese from the
target mint section but they are related
t-shirts and I like the fact that
they're so thin number three this is
number cyclical number three Spencer's
Spencer's actually has really cute teas
and they have so many t-shirts and
they're usually always like buy two get
one free or buy three get one free
somewhere along the lines you're gonna
get a free t-shirt at Spencer's I get
XLS in Spencer tees too which I probably
should get to X's because I find that
when you do wash those teas they do
shrink up a little bit and that kind of
bums me out I do wash my clothes on cold
so I'm not like you know trying to
shrink them or anything like that I
don't know if I just don't know how to
wash my t-shirts and that's the issue I
just hate when they shrink it's honestly
like my biggest bummer of life like
it'll be like the most perfect oversized
fit ever and then one wash and it's like
I'm wearing a crop top and I'm like this
is not the business my favorite tea from
there is my like alien t-shirt like
don't talk to strangers
that guy I forget what his name is but
I'll put his name somewhere he's like an
artist and he has like a bunch of like
Halloween Eve IB t-shirts which are
perfect because again spooky season is
upon us
Spencer's is really good they have a lot
of band tees too which is nice
oh there was one time I was in Spencer's
though and there was like a Celina shirt
but I swear to god it was Jennifer Lopez
on the shirt and I was like wait a
minute oh the baby man has come up to
see us he's like look are you talking to
come on muffled sweet me I want you go
away on the couch with fish we'll just
wait all right so my fourth pick the
rest of these
besides number one being dolls kill can
be in like any order like I don't have a
specific order of like favorites these
are just places that again I'm shopping
all the time
and this next spot is Urban Outfitters
but not the girls section the men's
section I don't know why men's section
has like way better graphic tees maybe
they think like girls don't want to wear
graphic tees above it ronk the men's
section online I don't really go to the
store the stores like I was just like a
little discombobulated to me so again
always shopping online and the men's
section always has really cute tees or
like vintage G and nostalgic and I just
really like them excel is usually what I
order from there as well are you are you
gonna jump down or nope no you know okay
I got a cat hair in my freaking eyeball
yo bra bra all right these next two I'm
just gonna mention together because I
don't shop on them all the time but
they're worth a mention if you just want
to check it out and see what they got
and they are forever 21 and ASOS Asil is
just sitting like my favorite place to
shop ever like online but they have just
not like hmm I don't know what happened
but like the quality of clothes I feel
like has just like gone down a lot and
that I'm like referring to as like
dresses and pants and stuff like that
they used to be you just turned my light
off bro it was bad going I want to
mention them because I have found really
cute tees from them as of recently like
I stopped searching them for like ever
like I was like I read and done like I
just felt like the quality wasn't like
up to the price point but like the last
couple of months or so I feel like
they're kind of like stepping it back up
I've gotten some really cute tees from
them as well like band tees and stuff
like that again I'm in section and then
forever 21 I feel like is the same exact
way like sometimes you can find like
some really cute tees but then like
sometimes just like the quality is just
like off and it just is annoying when
you like spend your money on things and
the quality that just isn't up to like
what you're used to so yeah I will check
those websites occasionally to see what
they got see if I like anything most of
the time it's a no but sometimes it's
sometimes you get lucky that's what I
was saying it's kind of like home goods
you got to like scour the Internet and
then my last spot is where I get
questions from all the time people were
like oh my god I searched the website
what teas are you wearing I can't find
them what are these colors and it is
those Wyatt LTS a pair knockoff why us
LTS okay they're so kind of expensive
though they're still kind of expensive I
will say but they're from a website
called Cole and Terry and I've gotten
like some like aggressive dm's like you
wear these sponsored shirts and they
don't even ship things out on time and
I'm like first of all I don't wear
sponsor t-shirts from them I buy all of
my t-shirts myself and I have noticed
that the shipping does take a little bit
from them but I do love those tees and
those are the cheese that I was talking
about that I only wear 2x in because I
find that the X ELLs are just way too
small if I'm being completely honest
like who's fitting in those XL they're
just tiny to me so I usually always buy
a 2x from them and then wash it and then
it's like the perfect oversized tea for
me I have them in like five or six
different colors they're super duper
comfy and they're like more of like a
fancy you know they me people are like
oh why is all to you I guess it's
acceptable to wear this big honesty in
public when actually it's just a
knockoff tea okay
they have like Louboutin like Fendi
cheese that kind of like feel a cheese
which are cute as well but I think that
the Louboutin T's and the Fendi T's that
they have the t-shirt itself is just way
too heavy like it's not a light weight t
like the YSL ones are like really light
and airy and just like the other ones
are just heavy and I don't like wearing
a heavy t-shirt we just talked about
that so a little disappointed in the
fact that the other ones aren't the same
kind of tea like lightweightness as like
the YSL ones but they're still cute
nonetheless and I get lots of
compliments on them when I wear them I
actually love the neon green one and the
hot pink one the most out of all that I
own from them that's where I get a lot
of my graphic tees form again at the
number one spot being dolls kill they
always have really fire shirts and I'm
I'm a little nervous that I told you
guys about this because they do sell out
fast and I feel like they're gonna sell
out faster now because the secret is out
if you guys want to share some of your
secrets
I'd appreciate it I would like to know
some more spots to get some graphic tees
from but if not it's okay I understand
I understand we all want to keep our
things to ourselves so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video give me some thoughts
and feedback on what you want to see on
these top 10 Tuesday's because honestly
I feel like I'm learning about to
talk about
like I like these videos I just feel
like they're a little repetitive like
obviously this video was hella
repetitive but I don't know I want to
talk about stuff what should we do
should we should we drop it down like
the 10 is 10 too much should we drop it
down to like top 5 Friday mm-hmm all
right so that is it for me and my
freshly washed hair I'm gonna get out of
here that is it for me guys I love you
thank you again for watching and I will
see you super soon in a new video bye
guys
