[Music]
hello and welcome back to my channel so
today we are going to do the yellow eye
look basically the same look that I wore
in Tuesday's video I should guess if you
wanted to see it and you say it yeaa
even though it is super simple which is
like one of my favorite things to do I
don't like to do a lot of eye shadow I
think you guys know that but you guys
wanted to see it so here we are happy
one day happy Monday
so to prep my face I'm gonna start with
this drunk elephant alala retro la retro
la la retro whipped cream this guy right
here I really like these like single
pump things okay I can't believe I'm
trying to say I feel like my coffee is
like worn off so let's just work this I
like any kind of moisturizer that
absorbs quickly into the skin but as
with any moisturizer I'm using I just
kind of let it sink in for like a minute
or two before I layer any other products
on top of it I'm gonna try out this
cover effects a blurring primer I
haven't used like a pore minimizing
primer in a really long time because I
do feel like the pores on my face are a
lot better because I use a lot of acids
on my face that are kind of just like a
cola that are kind of just exfoliating
it all the time plus I try to get a
facial once a month which I feel like
really makes a difference in your skin
but I do want to see what this cover of
X blurring primer is because you know
that she used to be my jam so we're
gonna apply a little bit of this mainly
to these areas here and then whatever
leftover I'm gonna hit my chin with as
well as my forehead a little bit around
my nose just kind of moving the product
around
for foundation today I'm gonna use this
Becca skin love a weightless blur
foundation I really like this foundation
I'm currently using I'm currently using
it in the shade olive which is a little
bit dark for me it should match my neck
a lot of times I do end up mixing this
with a lighter foundation because like I
said just some days it's a little I sell
it a tea after me but we're gonna make
this thing work today and then I like to
use this Tarte little flat top brush to
put this guy on
so this foundation is very weightless
like again the name says so I would say
the coverage on this foundation is
medium but it is buildable so if you
needed to add a little more coverage in
certain areas you could even though it
technically says medium like when you
look at it on the Becca website to me it
is kind of a full coverage foundation
because you can't really see a lot of
what's going on underneath the
foundation but my favourite thing about
it is your skin and just looks healthy
when you wear it you know that's like my
favorite type of look I don't really
love any kind of matte foundation I like
all my foundations to have like a little
bit of do to them which this foundation
has now why I do love how this
foundation looks I will say that it is
not a long-lasting foundation so if
you're looking for something
long-lasting this is not it I like to
wear this donation when I know I'm just
gonna my makeup on for a few hours and I
want to have like that dewy glow but
don't think that you can just put this
foundation on and then like go to Disney
World or something cuz girl it is not
gonna last but that's okay because we
don't really need a foundation that
lasts 24 hours all the time unless
that's what you're into then you gotta
wear your 24 hour foundation girl do you
I'm gonna do my eyebrows a quickly yeah
right no brow to brows on so for the
star of the show we're gonna use the AHA
honey palette from colour-pop which is
basically just a monochromatic palette
full of yellow eyeshadows i almost got
rid of this i almost put this in the
giveaway bin and then i was like you
know what I'm feeling like a yellow
eyeshadow so I took it out and I'm
really glad that I did because I
actually really ended up loving the
yellow eyeshadow super easy it's gonna
be great for summer and I've actually
seen
a lot of yellow eyeshadow looks probably
cuz of this palette but I've seen a lot
so we're only gonna use a one eyes
shadow in this palette which is sweet
spots at the brightest yellow basically
all these are yellow like even buzzkill
I know that it kind of looks like a
brown but when you use it it definitely
has more of a yellow tone to it they
have some shimmer shadows some matte
ones but we're just gonna focus on a
sweet spot today so when I'm using a
bright color eyeshadow and I know I'm
not going to be using anything else this
is the way that I like to do it so I'm
gonna use a flat brush and I'm gonna
pick up a lot of the product on our
brush like this and then we're just
gonna start on our lid and work our way
up so that by the time it gets to our
crease it's gonna be like super diffused
you can do this either way you can throw
it in your crease first and pull it down
but the way that I like to do it is
start out in my lid closest to my
lashline and then just work my way up so
I'm just gonna start pushing this
eyeshadow onto the eye
I have no Prime or anything on my eye
like I said I have a little bit of
concealer pulled on there but not a lot
I like to concentrate a lot of the color
on my lid first and then I'm gonna take
a fluffy brush and pick up sweet spot
and then just start working that or not
working it just kind of buffing it out
into the crease so like like I said as
it goes up it gets softer just kind of
softening that crease up and that's it
that's all I did
y'all it's Monday and I'm so excited for
90 day fiancé you guys have been telling
me ok I know I'm like going off to engin
here but you guys have been telling me
to watch 90 day fiancé for so long and I
don't know what took me so long and
watching it but we started watching 90
day fiancé
the other way like where the people are
going to like other countries and oh my
god is so good even Biebs it's like
really into it
the one dude he just needs to take his
ass back to America right like the guy
that's with Evelyn that like moved to
Ecuador
he's she don't even like it she doesn't
even like him if you don't know what I'm
talking about start watching the show
it's really good Brian looks so neon on
camera
I mean it's bright definitely bright in
person but it's like when I look at the
monitor it looks like it's glowing
and you could throw a brown shadow in
the crease if you wanted to but I don't
feel like it's necessary I love a meal
one eyeshadow look so for lashes I'm
gonna use these Ardell whispies these
are my favorite daytime lashes they are
perfect because they add a lot of volume
to your look but they are on the shorter
side so you're not gonna have like a
lash that's like touching your eyebrows
like because sometimes it's a little
it's a little much in the daytime I just
like these in general because I feel
like they look like your lashes but just
like amped up so I'm gonna throw these
bad boys on they're identical to the
wispy lash like the style they are just
on the shorter side which is perfect for
day looks or any look you know sometimes
I don't want like a super long lash I
just want like a lot extra always just
keep your lash glue a little second to
dry it's gonna save you a headache it's
gonna just stick it's not gonna play
games with you you're not gonna have to
call and cancel plans cuz you can't get
your lash on so just give it a second
and then I like to push everything
upwards this makes a difference so that
your lash isn't hanging out like this
it's like pushed up because you know you
put the lash on you want people to see
your lashes so do you see the difference
like that it makes when you push your
lash up like a look at this slash and
look at this lash so always push your
lash up it really will make your just
lashes look so much better so now that
the eyes are done we can move on to the
rest of our face I'm gonna use my Tarte
shape tape to conceal and bright in a
little bit and then we'll just on this
oh I know technically that this is like
a powder setting brush but I really like
it for underneath the eyes I like the
shape of it and then to set I'm using my
Ben Nye fair translucent powder favorite
under eye setting powder for real for
real
all of it my nose I'm gonna set the rest
of my face with this Charlotte Tilbury
flawless airbrush skin perfecting powder
and I use mine in a medium even though
that looks lonely
I think there's only three shades to
this I always have to set my face I
always have to set my face with
something because if I don't I just feel
like my
bronzor just doesn't go on good because
it's like I'm putting powder I'm trying
to blend powder out on like a sticky wet
base and it just it doesn't work for me
okay like you try and I'm like I got my
face today and then I gonna put bronzer
on and I'm like should I set my face for
blush I'm going to use this one from
covergirl which is their pink pink which
is their peach punch blush in the sky
it's pretty pretty much hood so you
don't eat a bunch but I thought we could
do like a peachy cheek Tudor so what do
we have to do like okay let me sit let
me get these brows up I'm just using a
little bit of hair gel I saw people
using like got to be glued on their
brows and I just think that that [ __ ]
drives way too fast I don't know I just
don't like it but I have seen people
using it like the same stuff you glue
your wig down with I just like to brush
them with the gel cuz it just gives them
a little more texture and they just
don't look like as flat on my face like
this about compared to this brow so I'm
gonna add a little bit of this shade
here which is kill buzz buzz kill I was
reading it in the mirror and I'm gonna
add up just a little bit of this to our
lower lash line
it still has like that same yellow vibe
to it I just want to add like a little
definition down here this is oak lip
liner from Mac I think oak and strip
down are my most favorite like everyday
lip liners because you can really
overdraw your lips lip them but they're
not like a brown like super dark intense
lipstick and then of course we're gonna
use creme de nude a lipstick to fill it
in I'm going to tap it out with your
finger to help blend it into the lip
liner and then to finish it off I'm
gonna use glass lip this is the I love
SATA II and color pop collab I really
like this orange e toned gloss and I
just like these because they're like
really really glossy so here's the final
look I absolutely loved how it turned
out I am a super fan of this yellow
eyeshadow and I really love this lip
obviously I feel like I wear it all the
time but it's just so good it's just so
good
so that is it for me guys I don't think
I have anything else to tell you except
I love you and I will see you super soon
in another video okay
