so we're quarantined we are inside being
quarantined means no travel if you're
like me you're probably like what do I
do to scratch that travel itch if I'm
stuck indoors I don't know where when
I'm gonna be able to travel that's no
one knows how long this is gonna go on
for but how do I fulfill that need for
travel for culture for adventure in my
life well in this video I'm gonna share
exactly what I've been doing so you can
do it too at home experiment with
recipes from your favorite countries
around the world try out that dish that
you've been wanting to recreate from
that trip you took two years ago to
Thailand try something new or try
something that you have not not even
heard of but there's a country that you
love and just like look up recipes or
traditional dishes from that country and
go and give it a try yourself flavors of
a country are a great way to experience
a culture listen to cultural music dance
your butt off dance like no one's
watching and if they are who cares just
let your body do what it wants and flow
and let it all out let that stress out
off of your shoulders that you've been
carrying and just have fun music is such
a big part of so many cultures there's
so many different sounds and languages
and rhythms you can experience I'm gonna
link my Spotify account to the
description box below you can go check
out my playlist that I'm very carefully
put together that includes many
different tracks from different artists
from all over the world
[Music]
right now is the best time to plan that
dream trip life is so precious you have
to spend it doing what you want to do
and fulfilling those dreams and living
the life you've always wanted for
yourself so start planning that dream
trip and the best way to do that is
vlogs trouble bugs get it inspired get
travel tips and advice check out the
travel blogs there's one that's called
hopscotch the globe calm there is travel
YouTube videos hello hopscotch the globe
Channel and many others it's the best
place to fuel that inspiration and get
tips and advice from people who have
done those trips that you want to do or
have money-saving tips or places that
you should stay or things you absolutely
have to do that you didn't even think of
so get planning now use these resources
and get excited about your travels ahead
[Music]
[Applause]
travel books there is nothing quite like
a good story to take your mind off of
anything else it may be dwelling on any
anxieties or fears to get consumed in a
good story that takes place in a faraway
land to be able to like let it suck you
in and use your imagination to the point
where you actually could feel like
you're even there yourself I love a good
book and these books I'm gonna share
with you or ones that have swept me away
that continue to be my favorite books
and once I've read over and over again a
classic The Alchemist by Pablo Coelho it
is about boy named Santiago he travels
from Spain to Egypt and along the way he
meets a gypsy woman he meets a king and
he meets an alchemist and they all help
guide him along his journey which ends
up being more than just trying to search
out a physical treasure it's a bit of a
story of self-discovery about following
your dreams and listening it to your
heart holy cow this is hilarious it's so
funny it is the funniest book I've ever
read in my entire life
I'm talking every single page no
exaggeration okay sometimes every other
page but a lady who goes to India the
first time hates it ends up going a
second time and falls in love and just
like have you've been to India you're
gonna get all this if you haven't been
to India it's gonna make you want to go
to India Eat Pray Love yes I love this
book some people hate it I love it if
you ever heard of it where have you been
Shanta Ram this book is humongous it's
like thousand pages almost it's a big
book but it is a crazy story and by the
end of it you're like why is it over it
should keep going it's not a man who
escapes jail in Australia and then goes
to India and lives in the slums and
works in the black market and like heals
all these people and I'm just gonna
leave it at that
it is a crazy story it's sucks you in
and you are like all of a sudden two
hundred pages and you're like where did
the time go
because it just sucks you in I love
books like this if you're anything like
me then you have probably 50,000 or more
photos on your laptop that you haven't
looked at in years yeah I always get
that message that I have like no space
on my laptop because I'm so many photos
and videos and the majority of them are
from my past travels and I haven't been
through them in years but lately I have
been doing that I've been going back and
looking at like photos from my first
trip her photos from my travels that I
had even a couple years ago that I never
even looked at ever it's a great way to
relive those travel experiences and fuel
that wonder less and get excited about
your next trips you can even print off
photos and make photo albums or
scrapbooks
let's go old-school back to the basics I
love photo albums
[Music]
learn a new language right now is the
time to develop a new skill or deuce so
that thing that you've been wanting to
do for years but you put off and meant
for many of you that is learning a new
language for me include it I want to
better my Spanish I also want to learn
Italian I don't want to learn Farsi I
want to learn french online so many
languages but one language of designing
people one language at a time watch a
good travel movie a movie that takes
place in a beautiful destination
somewhere around the world could be
place that you really want to go to or
one that maybe you never even considered
but you will after you watch the movie I
have a whole list of my top travel
movies I'm not going to mention them all
in this video but you can head on over
to my blog post and check them out see
if you can still scratch that itch that
travel itch even if you are locked in
the side there's so much you can do to
fuel that wonder less and get excited
about life and about traveling again
because we are all going to travel again
this is going to end it will and we'll
be able to hop on that plane and go on
an adventure that we've been wanting to
go on so enjoy
stay happy keep smiling be grateful
connect with each other love each other
and I will see you in another video love
you guys so much so much
