we're Kristin SIA Kai and Atlas three
years ago we bought a 1976 Airstream and
renovated her into our dream tiny home
called Luna we spent two years traveling
around Canada in the United States just
before our daughter was born we stored
Luna indoors to avoid winter after a
year in storage Luna is coming out and
getting ready for us to move back in
full time but before we can do that
we'll be doing some upgrades in this
space this week we've been working on
Kai's bedroom treehouse Wow great job
[Music]
welcome back into Luna we are making
Luna 2.0 we're brainstorming right now
how to build a bed for Kai after a lot
of going back and forth
we have decided unless we decide again
last minute
the six we're building the bed here
we've got like two feet wide let's
measure it
almost five feet long we're gonna take
the barnwood off and we are going to put
it we're gonna build a wall here and
this is going to extend this part here
just a little bit and the walls gonna
come up here to do that and then we're
gonna build shelving here so that we can
put mason jars and spices and it'll be
an extension of the kitchen right and
then right here will be a door some sort
of a door we'll see
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
this is what the wood used to look like
war was finished and like just a little
sand and a nice quote wow it's beautiful
this is gonna go up here and we're gonna
cut it to size to fit like right in the
the wall okay I think they look really
nice right yeah oh yeah totally today
we're gonna be working on Kai's bed
this is how we keep our one-and-a-half
year olds occupied while we built her
bed for right now we got snacks and
Moana she doesn't she doesn't get much
screen time only in situations like this
and she's only pretty much ever watch
Moana probably a hundred times by now
but she loves it I want to take off this
little piece of shrimp and then we have
to measure the walls to make sure that
the wall we're building on this side is
exactly parallel to this wall because
we're gonna build a door yeah door is
gonna have a cool feature
[Music]
so right now Kristen is cutting slits in
this piece of steel the steel beam cut
into this steel so that we can bend it
and it can fit perfectly like flush
along the walls going at the steel it's
lighter it's also like kind of skips to
snap it away because with the wood you
need to get brackets and rivet those
into the air stream and then put the
wood in between the brackets so this
with the steel it's lighter and you're
literally just riveting still great to
the air shaper like I gave it a little
extra just because I didn't want to be
short yeah I can see we can probably use
a few extra snips no right it's to make
that contour nice that's actually really
good
that's looking pretty good like yeah
it's the right contour now I've started
to drill holes and actually rivet and
for those who have never riveted before
this thing is a knuckle Buster we got a
forearm workout today
this is a rivet right here and the way
it works is you put it into this little
rivet gun you drill a pilot hole push it
through and then you start squeezing
just start burning that forearm
squeezing the rivet to be smooshed on
the other side and that way it holds the
two pieces of metal together and I got a
do maybe 30 of them right now
maybe more
I found four squeezes does it and then
you'll hear the pin break boom now
that's in the pin falls out it's back of
the rivet gun the records in its secure
it's going through one two three pieces
of metal it's a second drill bit broken
[Music]
this is where we snipped and bent and
snipped and bent all the way up and
these are the rivets going in I'm just
putting them in maybe every like five
six inches that that feels secure from
the side that definitely feels secure
the complicated part of this whole thing
is leveling if anyone has renovated a
boat or an RV you understand just how
how unlevel of a surface you're already
working on and then you have to then
build things that need to be leveled so
right now I know that our Airstream is a
little off balance it's just so cold
outside I don't want to go out and reel
'evil this whole Airstream
but from this next step I really need to
level the Airstream
icicles there's icicles
[Music]
there you go let's see if it fits ready
KY we're gonna see if your bed fits that
KY your bed Wow
what do you think it's like I don't get
it it doesn't look like a bed it will be
it's getting there
it's getting very close we are using a
compass as a scribe to get the perfect
cut so basically what you do is get your
pencil on here just like a little bit
use the pointed side here like this
little needle and you trace the wall and
as you trace the wall the pencil draws
on the piece of wood
we just have to cut along that line and
it should fit into place perfectly I'm
not home depot to pick up supplies so
you order online and then they send you
a confirmation number and then you show
up here at the pick up station and they
just drop it off at your car and you
load it in your car I actually prefer
this method of shopping at Home Depot
[Music]
when you drilling are taking a poop okay
I'm drilling this is see his poop face I
have a combination of wood studs and
steel studs the steel went where I had
to like make bends and stuff now I'm
adding some 2x2 supports in between just
to add a little extra rigidity rigid
rigidity a little extra rigidity all
right yeah yeah yeah screw it into the
bottom not to the not to the top we're
gonna like use a jigsaw yeah to actually
cut wall while it's attached yeah that
was my plan okay so this is where guys
head is gonna be on this side and then I
don't know what we'll do above but we're
gonna decorate it and Kristin will ferry
fi this area area verify verify and then
here we left a little space in here so
we could build shelving can you lie down
here it's fine up here to like look at
the airstream from this perspective yeah
yeah cool yeah I've never routered
before and hopefully
maybe will it hold you're building me a
fan say thank you yeah having so much
fun doing this
[Music]
