we have made it to ocean key
[Music]
[Applause]
this is a private island that's actually
owned by this company owned by MSE but
it's part of the Bahamas
they took this Island they restored it
they got rid of any garbage that was
around they planted a bunch of palm
trees they're building buildings or
creating jobs and they're also doing a
lot for the coral in the area ah my
first time in Palma new country yes yes
I love adding new countries to my list
this island literally opened up a month
ago November 2019 so we are one of the
few people that have actually been here
that up set foot on this island as ocean
key part of MSC these are the islands of
my country the a cappella girl of the
Bahamas we are an ocean key let me show
you
you're an ocean key and you would be in
the middle in here and that little blue
spot that has yeah like a little water
and you were saying when you were here
as a kid there was nothing here it was
just rocks and sand my father worked
here when they were young my brother
work here
what did your father do here that they
were dredging here that's where they get
their wood picking all the sand that
they take into the States the asphalt
and stuff thanks man and other stuff
that comes from the ocean and they
gathered they dredge it right from here
and I gotta go to finish you have to
have food I look for Roslyn so according
to my new local friend here
Roslyn there's so much more to see on
all the other islands that she urged me
to come back and explore a lot more so
there is a buffet here that is included
in the price of your ship so that's
pretty neat they you can you know get
off the ship you can explore this island
and you can eat the food here I don't
know if the drinks are included are the
drinks included too if you have the
package for okay
okay so if you have a package that
includes drinks then drinks are included
here - got my drink time to explore more
of this island is feeling a little bit
better so we're just coming out for a
little bit so she can put some her toes
in the sand yeah and I can see the
island this island I've been waiting the
entire time to come here and it just not
disappoint so beautiful and peaceful
breeze gorgeous the temperature is just
like affection the water is the most
beautiful turquoise and we have it all
to ourselves because this is an MSc
island private island and we are some of
the first people to be here because it
only opens in November 2019 which feels
really special
[Music]
I think it's safe to say that I like
speech this is her first sands ocean no
no now that her first ocean experience
but a first-hand experience and she is
loving it as you can tweet you like I
love it there's a lot you can do on the
beach or you can just do nothing at all
it's up to you but if you want to get up
to some activities you can go stand-up
paddleboarding you can go snorkeling you
can go see dueling
you can take a sunset picnic you can go
stargazing you can go kayaking and go
swimming you can visit the market you
can visit the restaurant
there's lot this island is definitely
worth coming to it's my favorite part of
the whole week I just love being by the
seat
[Music]
you
[Music]
