happy 2020 right before we get into this
video don't forget to subscribe to our
channel and hit the notification bells
so that you actually get notified when
we make our videos and upload them yeah
YouTube and this year we got some a
killer videos coming your way so you're
gonna want to subscribe
it's a notification doll okay let's go
let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
hi say hi hi you're just looking at
yourself in the monitor hi hi this is
why we have in film video - Wow
it takes some time happy 2020 everyone
mm-hmm
misty oh yes we have but is it new
decade and that means many many exciting
things on the horizon last year was
probably the hardest year of our lives
it was the hardest year of our lives in
a different way having a baby being new
parents trying to run a business a long
dreary winter recovering from birth
there's a lot of things yeah but this
year we feel refreshed we feel more
energized we feel more adapted to parent
life so crazy still crazy super crazy
yeah but it's made life more rich it's
made life more exciting and that's the
attitude we're going into this new year
with we want to talk to you guys a bit
about last year and then mostly about
what we're doing this year that's all
the exciting stuff okay we're gonna take
a boot break we'll be back after this
short boot break
the biggest change that has happened
most recently is we bought a house yes
we actually bought our first house and
not just CNI we teamed up teamed up no
we got together with another family not
that way we're living together with
another family we bought a house with
them they have two kids so there's three
kids running around a dog and four
adults it can get pretty crazy and we're
still adjusting because you would when
you come together with another family
and learning about each other's you know
quirks and things you don't like things
you do like making chores work there's a
lot there's a lot to figure out and
understand and get comfortable with as
well as like a new home it takes a while
to feel like it is your home but this
area is amazing we are living in the
Blue Mountains which is the only
mountain in Ontario it's a hill compared
to like the west coast but it's
beautiful here all year round there's so
much to do there's skiing and
snowboarding there's a Scandinavian spa
there's a really cool community of
hippies I like to say because Mike type
of people and go ecstatic dancing and do
yoga and like other really cool sacred
ceremonies and just being outdoors
that's what it's all about here people
who live here love being outdoors
there's tons to do so we look forward to
showing you all of what you can do in
this area as well as giving you a home
tour in a future video stay tuned for
that so one of the biggest questions
that we got was what happened to Luna
what happened to our Airstream we were
living in our Airstream for like 18
months we traveled across Canada we went
to California what happened to Luna
everyone wants to know we still have
Luna don't worry and we're gonna do more
adventures in them right now she is
locked up in storage safe avoiding snow
and winter and moisture because we have
a lot of big adventures planned for Luna
but when Kristen got pregnant we
couldn't
Luna in Canada in winter and we didn't
want to have our baby in like Mexico or
the u.s. so that's why we stored Luna
and just stayed in a condo for a year
while we raised Kai but now Kai is over
one and she can now enter back into Luna
and we can go on adventures together so
this spring and summer we're doing a
massive road trip back in Luna back on
the road back in our tiny house back to
compost toilet back to compost toilet
and we are definitely going to bring you
guys along for the ride and then maybe
meet up with some of you along the way
depending where you are for the past
year we have been working on redesigning
our website not even just redesigning
but like revamping the entire blog it is
going to be your one-stop shop for
everything travel related you can plan
your trip from start to finish and even
have resources for when you are in
country and when you come back home you
can get inspiration you can get help
choosing your destination booking
airfare booking accommodations
everything can be done on our website
you can book your flights and your
accommodations and your activities
connect with other travelers you get
hacks and tips and packing guides as
well as in the country advice and when
you come home sometimes it's hard to
deal with that post travel depression or
trying to figure out a way to travel
longer we're gonna have all those
resources for you on our website so it's
very exciting it looks very beautiful
you're getting a little preview of it
right now
it's everything that we wanted and have
been thinking about for years and more
we are so excited to show you guys this
it is going to be launching a real real
soon so keep an eye out for that follow
myself and see on Instagram if you want
the firt to be the first people to
access it because that's usually where
we share information first in our
Instagram story so you can go and check
that out and we have also come up with
our new tagline like our new focus we
have found that over
years we have been yes travel but in so
many different directions we've gone
with travel from food and solo travel
couples travel backpacking luxury we've
kind of gone all over the place and not
had a clear focus but now we do and our
focus is adventurous couples and
families that is what we're going to be
making content about that is who we're
gonna be making content for really
excited about this focus and this year
is just really exciting I feel inspired
I feel rejuvenated I feel like taking
this time away has allowed me to build
up that creativity again and that
inspiration that motivation so I'm
pumped about what's ahead and I'm so
excited for you guys to see this new
website and what about the trips that
we're gonna do this year last year we
did some incredible trips this year is
gonna be just the same and you guys have
another opportunity to travel with us
we've done trips to Guatemala to Ecuador
they were hugely successful a lot of
those people booked up the next trip and
the next trip because they loved it so
much Oh a little out of breath I was
running up and down these stairs doing
that intro a few times
we're also on a mountain so altitude is
another thing you got to deal with this
year 2020 we are hosting another group
trip with the HTG tribe you guys and
it's to Costa Rica it's a country
Kristen and I have loved for years we
visited there once like 10 years ago we
fell in love we wanted to move there so
we definitely wanted a group trip to be
there to expose it to you guys as well
they're very eco friendly they're very
health conscious their diet is
incredible there's a blue zone there
where people live to be well over a
hundred so we're very excited to launch
this trip we opened it up privately to
people that have come on previous trips
and already the Costa Rica trip is half
booked so you guys should definitely
sign up there's a link below so you can
click and and see we're doing some
volunteer work like we did with all of
our
trips except this one is going to be
with animals there's being some
devastating chaos happening around the
world with animals so we wanted to
volunteer our time and our money towards
animals giving back to the rainforest
and working with sloths and seeing sea
turtles lay eggs and possibly hatch on
the beach it's gonna be so incredible
it's gonna be so so amazing so I really
hope that you guys can join and if you
can't join this time just at least sign
up so that you know for the next trip
and the next trip you get notified we
also have a trip to New Orleans this
year and that's to speak at travel con
which is this incredible travel
conference with amazing speakers from
all over the world that you guys can
come listen to and learn from mingle
with so I'm very excited last year was
dedicated to just raising a child and
even though she went to six countries I
feel like we didn't travel with her all
that much but this year it's gonna be
super dedicated to more traveling with
CAI expose her to more of the world I
want to see her get dirty and dirt from
different countries and playing with
kids of all nationalities and learning
different languages and eating different
foods it's it like sparks that that love
of travel all over again
Kristen is also planning a second trip
to Costa Rica but it's all dedicated to
health and wellness so the location is
spectacular
it's gonna be in one set location with
day trips around and it's gonna be like
great food yoga meditation just just
good for the body good for the mind good
for the spirit good for socializing and
all-around well-being trip so stay tuned
for that 2020 let's do it yeah I hope
you guys are just as excited as us
there's a lot of changes a lot of
improvements happening with us and our
brand
yeah and for those of you who have been
following us for the past few years or
even from the beginning 2010 what thank
you for watching and we're excited for
what's to come this is our 10 year
anniversary it is
what we do what you just have to say to
find out and don't forget to subscribe
and hit that notification bell so you do
not miss any upcoming videos
yeah will not want to miss themselves
alright see you the next video
