hello welcome back to another week yeah
of renovations in the Airstream
we're gonna take Luna across Canada and
before we do that we're actually
exploring more of our own backyard we're
going around Georgian Bay Georgian Bay
is spectacular as you know more people
are you know staying local and staying
within their own country and they're
traveling more like around where they
live and that's what we're doing right
now we're gonna spend two weeks going
around Georgian Bay we're gonna go to
Manitoulin Island which is the world's
largest freshwater island I've never
been to Tobermory and then Manitoulin
Island we're going to as well we've met
I've never been
you haven't been to Manitoulin no people
travel from all around the world to
where you are currently living they
spend their vacation time and their
money to explore your own backyard and
we just like because when we live
somewhere we like overlooked our own
back yeah we were far away we think that
travel is something that you have to do
very distant from where you currently
are it's gonna be a lot of Airstream
adventure with our little family in our
night home on wheels
[Music]
how are you doing doing with propane
issues our propane lines are working all
the way up until our water heater which
is at the very end the line that means
no hot showers until we can fix this
correct
that sucks yeah well I'll get it then I
know you go cuz you're awesome
I like you Thanks I like you too ah this
that makes me nervous already no no I
bypassed our propane system and just
went direct so from this take straight
into the water heater to see if it works
to see if it works because I think that
this copper line is clogged for some
reason I guess it's how we're gonna have
to take showers it works that means that
we have to be roofing over here every
day we wanna show that that saves me a
lot of trouble so we just probably need
to replace it and replace this one line
and I don't have to deal with you know
update on the propane situation after
hours and hours of research in trying to
troubleshoot I then realized that inside
the airstream is a switch that was
closed
closing the line so that gas would not
reach our water heater hours and hours I
wasted when it was the simplest answer
oh my god well I feel great that I don't
have to now take the air stream into
like a professional RV shop that would
redo all our copper lines and figure out
the problem and that would cause days
and days of delays most of the time it's
the easiest answer a fun thing that I
get to do today just not fun at all
actually clean the compost toilet
there's been some peanuts been in there
for embarrassingly um four plus weeks
needs to be cleaned there's no poop
thank goodness but I made a deal with ya
that I don't like I'm nervous okay I'm
freaking terrified of driving the air
or driving the truck with the airstream
attached my fear is like going downhill
and swerving out of control and just
like anyways I'm a daddy let's see yeah
that if he does the driving I will
always clean the compost toilet he's ok
with that
oh I am definitely okay with that
arrangement
[Music]
guys it's not as bad as it looks
you should check out our video that we
did on how to set up and use a
composting toilet including cleaning it
properly on a regular basis it's not
like this time around now let that sit
there burbot and clean the rest of the
toilet oh not fun to do while you're
getting eaten alive by mosquitoes yeah
today is flower paint making day and
when I finish off KY is tree house bunk
bed and I've never made flower paint
before it's exactly what you're thinking
it is paint made in a flower as well as
clay and natural pigment and it has no
toxins in it and that is perfect because
that is what we're trying to incorporate
into our air stream is a non-toxic
environment
[Music]
by one and a half cups of water and then
I had my tapioca flour combo with the
cold water so it was one cup of tapioca
flour and two cups of cold water and mix
that together then I poured that tapioca
flour mixture into the boiling water and
immediately turned into this like snotty
there is no other way to explain it it's
a snot it turned into snot
so I'm supposed to now just add more
water until it becomes like us more
diluted consistency
I mix the pigment and clay combination
with the water and tapioca flour and I
got a really nice color but the
consistency was still on the goop your
side so I added a little bit more water
and it created after that it created
more of like a liquidy consistency much
more like paint but then I applied it to
a piece of wood to test it out and not
what I was expecting
it's that's actually just 101 coat so I
think more towards the bottom I put a
second coat and it still kind of just
looks like I only did one coat it's very
translucent and it's very goopy I think
if I use different flour it might look a
little different but then I'm also
thinking what about mold and I haven't
read too much about mold weather and
weather flower paint can protect against
mold because it is it is food at the end
of the day I read a little bit about
adding iron oxide which I don't have so
now I'm a little bit like I don't want
to put this on her bed yet it's not
ready so I'm probably gonna have to
think about a different approach do with
natural paint in other words to be
continued
my mom is staying with us for a couple
weeks we've just been gonna be really
helpful for us because we have a lot of
renovations we still want to do in Luna
and having a kid a little cobbler it's
very time consuming and the best way
possible but we got stuff to do okay
this is actually the area that we're not
too sure about so maybe you guys can
help us um the front area this is what
we're thinking a get rid of this whole
table and this bench that I'm sitting on
so it's gonna end up just being like an
l-shaped lounge area more floor space
yeah we'll have way more floor space
imagine all this would now be open
because the table wouldn't be here and
not bench would not to get there be cut
this table in half this way as well as
the benches so we still have everything
it's just a smaller version of it and we
would still have a guest bed if someone
were to stay here it just needs a
smaller version or see
you let us know because those are the
two ideas we have another suggestion we
really want to make this will feel more
like a like a apartment like homey and
less like I'm in a trailer and I think
it's it's definitely turning out that
way curtains all over the Airstream
we need curtains for privacy thankfully
we have an Italian grandmother with us
my Sicilian mama she's gonna sell some
curtains for us we're gonna be getting a
new fridge by Dometic it's like a fridge
freezer combo the one we have right now
is just a fridge
it's AC so if we were to be boondocking
somewhere it would take up a lot of
energy power so we would probably have
to turn off it yeah it's not this isn't
sustainable with a solar setup I have a
solar setup you need DC so the the
fridge that we're gonna change to is AC
and DC has both options and it also has
a little freezer and then we're even
taking it up step further we're getting
a massive freezer - what what Oh
smoothie fruits some BS smoothies every
morning and Alice's food and whatever
else
yeah that's find a place for that and
we're getting a washing machine whoa
yeah it's not it's uh not your typical
washing machine oh I'll put it that way
it had good reviews that's all I know
imagine this a door but imagine this a
second door below that door that a
double door and a double door that's a
Dutch door we're getting a door made for
this area and we totally custom designed
it Kristen and I drew it out on a piece
of paper this was like our dream little
door for our little house and it's going
to be a rounded top and it's gonna open
from the top and then also open from the
bottom and you can individually close
the bottom if we want to have Atlas our
dog like in this area while we're here
cooking and doing stuff it'll be nice to
have that division of space and we're
getting this stained glass put in the
door
yeah this way no the other way this way
hello tilted yeah not sure no not
straight I'm not like this not like a
smile no not like this is a Luna Luna
Luna the name of my Airstream means moon
in Spanish yeah so I think that'll be
really nice so we're getting a company
that's like local to here that they're
amazing
like woodworkers and carpenters they're
making it out of Douglas fir which is a
tree that you can find in this area so
it's like a little piece of home that's
also coming with us this is almost done
almost we have a shelf we need to put
out we need to paint the inside
Kristen's waiting on that paint to come
and she's gonna make the paint that's
gonna go in this space and then we're
wallpapering this with the trickiest
wallpaper I've ever seen I can't wait
for that to show up and we're gonna be
adding moss there's there's moss that we
got and this is like all natural moss
and we're gonna layer the top here just
to give it that little extra a treehouse
effect I want to put like some of the
cracks - yeah we could do that we can
stuff them in the crack I want it like
symmetrical I want it to be like random
yeah we want it to look more natural I
was even thinking if it could like grow
down like look like it's growing down
and up yeah that you need some stuff
we're gonna do in the shower but that's
not exciting right now what this isn't
exciting my stencils oh yeah that's
exciting I made my own page that's
exciting try to figure out if I should
stencil this entire wall or I should
just do a portion of it I'm voting I'm
leaning more towards the entire wall see
is this gonna take too long but it's
gonna be so tedious
so all right we'll see you in the next
renovation video Wow
