the renovations for Luna the airstream
continues in the first two videos of
this series we figure out how to turn
our countertop into a treehouse bunk bed
for our daughter Kai we also build a
wall dividing the front of the airstream
from the back in this video the
treehouse build continues as well as
some other fun things but you're gonna
have to wait and find out starting now
[Music]
spent the past half-hour working on the
electrical so running AC and DC from
this outlet to under here and about to
flip the switches and see if what I did
actually worked I didn't hear any fires
or anything exploding so that's positive
if you see a light go on we're golden
yes see if the lights on light is not on
and now I got to figure it out I'm
pretty sure I just fried this little guy
so this is our DC like USB plug um I
think I may have crossed the cables and
this thing is now kaput so I'll have to
reorder a new one of those thankfully I
don't need that right now to continue
with this project because I want to get
this piece down and I want to get this
up and then I want to get the shelf
right here installed
[Music]
the renovations are coming together
pretty nicely I have to say I'm
impressed with us we're getting a
company to build us a door so because
we've built a wall here we want the door
to separate the front and the back but a
problem that we realized in this door
and in this wall was this a/c unit
there's a vent at the back that blows
this way and cools off half the
Airstream and I knew before building
this wall that this was going to be an
issue we actually have a solution for
that
[Music]
this is the Ewa to by Ewa polar and I
want to thank them for sponsoring this
video because this little guy is gonna
solve our problem it he modifies and
chills the air around it up to about 35
square feet which is perfect for us if
we're in bed and it's like a little
extra hot and this AC unit isn't cooling
us off this guy will do the job
it doesn't require any setup you just
pour water in plug it in through the
USBC at the back and start cooling the
air around you the design of this is
really nice and sleek very simple to use
it has a handle that's already built in
which is nice for moving it from space
to space has a little funnel that
already comes with it so you can pour
water in and not make a big mess once
your water level is full in the last
three to five hours of cooling it has
three speed settings and you can adjust
the direction of the air flow you can
even plug it into your laptop two main
things I really like about this product
because I was doing research on it and
watching videos and I read the manual
one it's super low wattage it's only 7.5
watts
so it basically can be powered even by
like a battery pack the second reason I
actually really am excited about this
product is because when we're filming
these videos and it's too hot which
happens a lot we turn on this a/c
and this is how loud it is and then we
have to keep
switching it off well it's cool for like
15 minutes and try and film and then
immediately as soon as the cameras off
we turn this back on again and you can't
if you want more information on the ever
gel check our link below this beautiful
shelf that we're gonna have in the
kitchen I'm gonna fill it with mason
jars and then dry herbs and coffee and
tea but you're probably not even
listening to what I'm saying cuz you're
like why is she wearing ski snowboard
goggles the answer is simple we do not
have safety goggles we have safety
glasses and I've been wearing those and
I got to size of my eyes but I swelled
up ridiculously and they were so sore
for so many days and I'm like enough is
enough
wear my ski goggles at having gone
snowboarding this year but at least
these are coming in handy now in the
spring so it needs to be sanded down
right in the middle here just a little
bit and that should fix that problem and
then we can screw it into the wall and
put up our main feature wall it's gonna
go right here barnwood looks really
really beautiful but it's definitely not
straight like it's it's wavy and all
over the place it's had a hundred plus
years of snow wind rain everything
hitting it that is what gives barnwood
its character but it's it's not that
easy to to work with flat surfaces this
guy has been our best friend
scribing tracing one piece of wood and
drawing on the next piece of wood so
that you can make a perfect cut and and
then fit it fit the two puzzle pieces
together
[Music]
so finishing our almost finishing this
wall in our bedroom doing a stick quit
on it and then I think that's it for
stick wood but it's looking for really
really cool
[Music]
yeah I love it I love it
some parts though I've noticed with the
stick we are kind of coming off so I'm
gonna have to probably use a little bit
of glue just to make sure that they're
secure enough especially when we start
driving things like just shift can we
take a minute just to appreciate my
bloody knuckles right it means I've been
hard at work I just actually read that
and a book I'm reading called rural
Diaries and it's my hilarie Burton which
if you're a One Tree Hill fan like
myself you know exactly who I'm talking
about anyways she says her happiest time
is when she's got power tools in her
hand and if she doesn't get go home with
bloody knuckles then she's not doing
something right so I got - bloody
knuckles the last piece on this wall I
have to really take my time because it's
super super curved that's gonna take a
while because I have to go from scribing
to using a jigsaw back and forth back
and forth so I can get this piece
perfect piece here and it's a tricky one
but I am thinking that it'll take me
probably five times of going back and
forth so we'll see if I'm right
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I think I'm getting pretty good at this
now because it only took me three times
to do that that was definitely the
trickiest piece yet to look at it
whoo baby I think I did a good job
curves look at that would Ted against
those curves what my next task is to
install a ladder here for Kai to climb
[Music]
it's looking really good I feel like it
feels way more homey than it used to
love the division just everything we've
done so far just makes it feel more cozy
and yeah this is how it's looking love
my little shelf with my tea and coffee
selection when you come over you can
have a lot to choose from because that's
looking great the stick would really
added a lot to it and it's starting to
look more like a tree house and what's
to come is gonna really take it to the
next level but another feature that
we've done this week that really makes
it feel like a tree house is this letter
it's a removable ladder it has these
latches and see you drilled two holes
underneath so you literally just like
here and you just put the latches up
lock it into place
and then it's nice and secure we wanted
to removable ladder because we have
swept in the back here we want to be
able to access it that's a lot of space
and we want to be able to use it so now
we have like three extra areas for
storage which is nice divided storage we
got two handles on the right here and
one on the left
we had KY and her friend Alena who's a
little bit older than her I'm up
multiple times and we were looking to
see where their hands would go and this
is where their hands with next up we
were gonna paint got a lot of painting
to do actually some touch-ups it's white
paint some other earthy colors wearing a
color inside here like a moss green I'm
gonna attempt to make paint that's right
recipe to come and we're gonna do some
wallpaper on this one featured wall and
get her mattress in here do some
shelving yeah that's what we're up to
next
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
you get me
