we're seeing and Krysten of hopscotch
the globe and for the past month we've
been doing updates to our Airstream Luna
now Luna was already beautiful but we
did want to make some updates and
changes to certain parts of her we also
needed to make a little bunk bed for our
daughter Kai in this video we're turning
our shower into a spa we're also
building an accent wall and an
apothecary cabinet because Kristen is a
part-time witch doctor
[Music]
[Music]
what do you want just joking welcome to
the outside of Luna I'm currently
standing in the washroom kind of
brainstorming how I want it to look
because we're gonna be redesigning this
washroom even though it is really
beautiful we want to take it to the next
level
and I'm thinking like Morocco meets
Mexico kind of adds in here
I want basically I'm gonna show you I
want this washroom to be to be
completely different than the rest of
the Airstream
so if you were to walk you know through
the air shame and then come to the wash
and we'd be kind of like whoa
I was not expecting that a lot of color
a lot of culture kind of will take you
through like a little walkthrough of the
stuff that we're gonna change in here
well hi see ya hey what's up you know
that for a sec yes this sink has been
the one thing in this washroom that I've
hated it's too small it splashes
everywhere just creates a mess all the
time so this is gonna go I also don't
like this it doesn't I just don't like
the look of it and it's also really
bulky pretty much bigger than the sink
we need a curtain you're not a curtain
in those washroom ever it'd be nice a
little bit more privacy for an RV perks
people staring up a bat bowl day yeah
we're gonna be changing the shower
system we partnered with Nebbia and
they've created this shower technology
that creates a spa-like experience and
you use almost half the amount of water
that you would with the typical shower
system and apparently it's really easy
to install see ya
but when working with Airstream so
nothing with the airstream is easy to
install
what I know about this so far is that
you get two times the amount of coverage
but you're using less water I'm hoping
that it can sit a little bit higher than
this because as you can see with this on
it's it's hitting me from the neck down
yeah so lots of big hardware pieces but
it slides up and down so that's nice
there's a separate one that's attached
to a magnet this is the magnet and this
will be really easy to wash guy at the
bottom or to wash Atlas our dog so this
will be this will be handy
[Music]
not only am i here for moral support but
I've been reading the instructions
do you work teamwork you're actually
doing a great job at reading the
instructions
[Music]
it was recommended that we were supposed
to wait 24 hours because there is some
adhesive I was holding the Nebbia in
place on the wall and you did time to
adhere itself now we can turn it on see
if it works this is the moment of truth
oh wait wait wait we don't have this
like that we need to this so I I
don't want it to spray up let's just
like bring it down so that it doesn't
yeah of course
spray on we're not know what's taking a
shower yeah we're just testing it out
that's actually very convenient that it
does that yeah okay ready definitely
spraying out when you got showering
it's bringing oh they're both strings
we're getting everything we're getting
everything
this is off right now good
well
a little bit right here
just really good
that's nice this is definitely more
water than our last nobody shall read
it's not more water it's the way it's
dispersed it because if you're using
less water it feels like more water or
maybe just the spread maybe I'm just
like feeling more yeah before our
coverage was was maybe like like this
it's super convenient it also swivels
side to side that's nice
[Music]
special delivery came today I've been
waiting over a month for it hold up
all right done done
wallpaper for our feature wall well we
have many feature walls maybe the wall
can you see it in here yes there you go
this one in the kitchen that has been
just white is no longer gonna be white
it shows this really really beautiful
wallpaper and spoon flour there's an
awesome awesome variety of wallpaper
it's got these like really cool almost
like tribal patterns okay you're covered
in paint are you painting today yeah hey
buddy Oh high five high five putting
wallpaper up in my bra it's looking
really good looks like a carpet
yeah I started putting up the wallpaper
and Kristen was instructing me because I
was doing everything incorrectly
you gotta take over when you're better
at a task and you know when to step back
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
back at it again it's the morning and
we're gonna do the rest of the wallpaper
now well oh my kidding Kristen's put the
rest of the wallpaper need anything nope
perfect
what do you have yeah
is it good hey Lucas go Airstream kerb
walls I love you and I hate you I love
them curves love it hi hey how'd you get
up there I'll take your scraps
[Music]
I have this idea of building an
apothecary cabinet on this wall because
another passion of mine is plant
medicine I really I want to be a witch
doctor basically I want to collect I
want to go out and Forge and collect
medicinal plants and make potions and
also have a place to store my essential
oils so that's what this cabinet will be
and I'm really pumped about this project
it's at the top of my list for all the
things in here and this one this is the
top of the list so let's get started and
make an apothecary cabinet this is my
first time making a frame like this and
I screwed up I put the trim on the wrong
side so I had to cut a new piece but a
bing bada boom mmm thing has awesome
focus
[Music]
I screwed in these pieces of wood as
like a guide so that I could get a
perfect right angle and get all the
pieces in there nice okay so this is our
frame it's glued it's staple gun and I'm
gonna let it sit for I don't know a
little bit half an hour let it dry and
then we can add the chicken wire very
good turned out pretty nice chicken wire
coming this massive roll and then cut it
to size
[Music]
we actually got a good pair of safety
goggles that suction so there's no dust
nothing's gonna fly inside it's pretty
sweet don't have to use my ski goggles
any more time to staple get it did not
work
whoopsie looks good go check it out see
yeah looks Airstream what's going right
here very cool now that this part is
done I am going to build some show they
need to go inside before I get into the
shelving I put these little hinges on
and now we can put our beautiful our
door or our cabinet on let's do it this
actually turned out really good I'm
impressed with it it's beautiful it's
not even done yet
we still got a handle it's gonna be like
a crystal no magnets let's taste it and
then like some sort of a stain on here
but but even the dowels like they're
solid like they're super solid yes I
want to I want to put like the quote
from NACA one of my favorite well my
all-time favorite artist I should say
you can heal it all with plant medicine
and put like that quote there yeah that
would look nice
