hey tribe I am Kristen and I'm SIA over
the past few years we have organized
group trips with our subscribers you
guys so you've joined us on some pretty
incredible adventures around the world
yeah we've planned trips in Guatemala we
had a couple trips there and in this
video we're showcasing Ecuador and stay
tuned to the end of the video because
we're gonna be talking about Costa Rica
which is our trip we have organized for
this year and we want you to join us we
still have a few spots left so stay
tuned Juana de Ecuador here we are we
are kicking things off on our third
hopscotch the globe group trip with our
community our subscribers here in the
Amazon rainforest one of the most
magical places on the entire planet and
we're gonna be spending the next couple
of weeks
traveling around Ecuador adventuring
giving back to local communities
learning from communities and the people
here and each other and building our
hopscotch global community so join us
it's going to be one hell of an
adventure
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and right next there is the confluence
of two rivers in nanga it's a river and
pneumatic I'm a river so we are going to
pass from Rio Vista Lena mangaraju River
is a very clear water is very clean
winner he realized a pneumatic I'm a
real natural and pneumatic I'm a river
it's a black one they have all types of
adventure first try not to kill myself
they walked on itself and we're gonna be
jumping in the boat and going down the
river we're gonna be high key we're
gonna be visiting a local village and a
bunch of other things we just have to
wait for
[Music]
the rain course and
[Music]
the middle of the Amazon rainforest
surrounded by
notice also the veins
what is happening
it's so far
be here but sad to think that maybe one
day we generational field
[Music]
joining
the black and the green and they're just
like
and also pretty separate so see how that
whoever said you can't travel a baby
without the baby while breastfeeding
currently walking through the Amazon
rainforest pumping my boobs has you got
a do like a ball what is it papaya
papaya papaya straight from the jungle
yeah hold on don't go papaya straight
off the truth ready it's not ready but
it's sweet it's not like okay gave it
like another week I thank okay really
good but I mean we won or lost if you're
lost in the jungle you need food a lot
here doctor Begum thank you oh my shoes
coming off my shoe came off you never
want to go to the Amazon rainforest by
yourself because you can so easily get
lost you want to go with someone who
knows the forest and has a machete
because they use it to make marks on the
trees and plants and I know where
they're going because the force is
always changing and right now we're
hiking on the border of Peru and Ecuador
and they're still active landmines here
so we have to be stay very close to our
guide because no one wants to lose a
limb so this three that we see right
here is about five hundred years old is
one of the oldest trees in the area and
one of the last ones left because
they're people that come looking for
wood and stuff like that I've cut down
most of the trees and when they try to
cut down a tree like this one it eats up
the blade of the sauce so they can't cut
into it
and that's why this tree has survived
that the stairs is there because when
you ask permission to the god Pachamama
is called you get on the tree and it'll
give you powers they believe that it
gives you like strength and powers to
climb up
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we've stopped at a local village in the
middle of the Amazon it's called the
Xiaomi village and we're gonna just be
walking around reading the local people
seeing their way of life and just
soaking it all in this is really super
neat that were in the middle of the
jungle and there's a whole village here
people that live here it's important for
all travelers to also support local
businesses and that's like picking the
right tour group and picking the right
places to go and businesses do support
because in this area specifically there
is a lot of mining that happens and you
know big companies come in and they tear
down the forest and they pay the locals
a little bit of money in order to have
that land to like dig up minerals and
gold and and it ends up destroying the
community because once those miners are
gone there's no forest and there's no
more business there's no more income
whereas what we're doing here is we're
supporting local villages local artists
local communities to help sustain
themselves and keep the forests lush
because we want to go hiking in the
forest we want to experience it and I
can see just like around here that
they're they're expanding they're
building this village up and the forest
is still intact so by being here and
supporting through our form of tourism
which is experiencing cultures we're
also helping this village a highlight of
the trip for me was when we were in the
Amazon and we visited a shaman
now this shaman is very well known and a
lot of people from the village there as
well as outsiders and foreigners come to
him for specific things that they need
help with and we got to do a couple of
ceremonies with him we didn't record it
because we wanted it to be special for
us and be in the moment be present and
really get to absorb the experience one
of the ceremonies all of us were sitting
in a circle and the shaman went around
and he had this like stick that he
packed with a bunch of different
medicines plan
medicines including pelo Santo I can't
even remember what else but he blew it
into our nose and it made me feel very
tingly it gave me like a rush of energy
and I felt really good the rest of the
day and another ceremony was special for
each individual person a lot of it was
similar but there was like unique parts
for depending on the energies that he
was getting and the vibes he was getting
from that individual person and it was a
lot of like blowing of different liquids
on us and hitting us with different
leaves involves a lot of like touch and
squeezes of the head it was it was quite
the experience I felt very emotional and
I I just always loved experiences that
include plant medicine because I so
believe all the cures to the world are
in the Amazon rainforest and it's just
such a magical place and to get to be
with a shaman in the middle of the
jungle and he's using his plant
medicines to open me up and and cure
things that maybe I don't even know
what's going on it's just very special a
very unique experience what are you
doing tell me what you do this is how
they hunt the chickens here in this
community but we're shooting the palm
tree to test it
yeah let's see how my aiming is
[Music]
she gave Ramona that's impressive sorry
Simon is here sorry
so it's my first time in the Amazon
definitely nothing like any other trip
I've ever encountered and the jungle is
absolutely incredible and lush and green
and there's just a little bit of magic
there that I don't think you'd find
anywhere else
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I'm filming you on a bus right here
Bobby and I had a heart-to-heart and I
shared some things of her that I've
actually never told anyone before and
say when we yeah how easy it is to
relate to you I mean every therapy it
was it was so amazing because like you
don't really realize how many things we
have in common I feel like one of us
opens up and then the other one sec oh
me too and this and that and you're like
yeah it's like it's very like I don't
know it makes like a deeper connection
how and you guys have known each other
for how long come on we met in Guatemala
in the first
hosh got to go up trip and then we came
together to Ecuador so how many how many
days have been together in total well
right now two weeks and three days
[Music]
all right let's talk about our next
group trip to coast that it got a baby
if you want to travel it with CNI this
is your chance we only have a few spots
left so you're gonna wanna click on the
link in the description box and give us
your information and then book your spot
on the trip because we want you to come
with us we're gonna be doing a lot of
really cool things like seeing active
volcanoes and getting to interact with
wildlife and planting trees and
ziplining and hot springs and delicious
juicy food oh my god
it's endless check out the link you'll
get to see everything that we'll be
getting up to join us
