we only have four weeks left until we
start hitting the road with our
Airstream there's so much that we still
need to get done and in this video we
start painting because Kristen is
creating her own paint color things
initially don't go as planned
and I also need to figure out how to
build a rock climbing wall in a tiny
house a special delivery today I've been
waiting probably three weeks for this
package to arrive and it finally has is
gonna totally transform the Airstream
can you guess what it is
pigment from a company called earth
pigments and they create these fake
pigments from natural pigments from
plants and flowers seeds fruits and you
can use it to make your own paint which
is what I'm going to attempt to do the
reason why we decided to go this route
is because we want to create a non-toxic
environment in the Airstream
the company's brands that we've chosen
to purchase things from in order to do
this new renovation have been
eco-friendly sustainable non-toxic
organic as often as possible and I will
be creating a whole video about how i
found these companies why we chose them
I'll be creating a video just about that
as well as some blog posts so if you're
interested stay tuned I'm very
passionate about this subject and yeah I
get to make my own paint I want to take
a look at the colors so this is just
clay that I'm gonna need as part of the
ingredients to make the paint you got a
majestic gold pigment which I'm going to
use in the bathroom black iron oxide
which is another ingredient I need to
make the paint and this is the beautiful
pigment that we're gonna do in the
kitchen it's called amber ochre dunkels
but looks like I guess Sienna to me an
ancient green earth it's a very like
Foresti olive green looking color that's
gonna be in Kai's bedroom
yeah that's like this
[Music]
the paint transformation has begun it
took a while to prep the paint
I've never mixed natural pigments before
so it was definitely a learning
experience and it looks really good I
like it everything looks like it's mixed
really well blended really well I'm so
I'm glad that I took the time and I'm
really loving the color it's exactly
what I pictured so that's always the
plan we'll see what it looks like when
it dries woke up this morning went into
the Airstream not impressed not feeling
good about the color but it's just way
too peachy it looks pink look it doesn't
even look as peachy as it actually does
in person but I'm not loving it she is
definitely not loving it so if we don't
love it we have to change it because we
want to walk in and just love everything
in here not there yet back to the
drawing board since I am dealing with
powder I have to make sure that I'm
wearing a dust mask as well I'm
protecting my eyes at all times
no more skies over here let's get to
mixin
[Music]
[Music]
after about 45 minutes of mixing I have
come up with three different options
working with natural pigments is isn't
as straightforward as I thought it would
be it's definitely a science experiment
just mixing water to powder ratio adding
in some additional like black to change
it up a little bit make it a little
darker and then when you add just the
white paint definitely changes the color
drastically but you need to have enough
white paint because if you don't then it
becomes like a mud consistency which is
not paint it's not gonna work the top
here is using the earth green pigment
and I add a little bit of black as well
this is a darker version of what I would
I created yesterday I had a black to it
and a lot more of the amber pigment as
well and then the bottom there I just
added more white paint to that the color
that I did at the top and it created a
like a lighter grayish version things
will change once we're in the air stream
under different lighting let's go and
see how this looks and then go I see how
he thinks this is the top one here this
is that green yeah that's as dark as I
can get it oh wow it made like a grey
yeah right great yeah the great doesn't
look bad and that's not what we want at
all no you just don't do want any of it
success after a lot of trial and error I
think I know four or five yeah I created
this beautiful I don't even know what to
call it it's like sage mossy green like
a layer of moss that grew on the cement
that's what it kind of looks like I love
love it yeah well it's exactly the
feeling I wanted to have yeah
my task right now is to build a rock
climbing wall so our bed is right here
and we want Chi to be able to come down
from her little treehouse and climb into
bed with us but it's a little high and I
thought it would be neat to have a rock
climbing wall which foot is she gonna
step up first with that's a step step
she can push off into bed and if she
wants to keep climbing she can that
sounds good
I found these perfect rock climbing
holds online I was looking on Etsy and I
found someone who made them from Ukraine
and we want to support artists in our
rebuild of Luna we want to support
artists from all over the world and
stuff like this is so cool and so unique
and it's not look perfect it's gonna
blend in so nice and if we want to stain
it will stain the whole thing so I have
six of these
[Music]
[Applause]
you gonna claim oh push push with your
foot where do you want the last one
right here right there that'd be helpful
you decided I put it there put this foot
here there you go okay you got it
you're gonna get the light get the light
[Applause]
hold on
now you gotta grab this hold right here
right here right here okay grab that
grab it and then you got the hammer
you
