we're in the middle of doing some pretty
major updates to our Airstream Luna last
week we showcased the beginning of these
updates we're building in some places
and tearing down in others and we're
also attempting to build a treehouse
bedroom for our daughter Kai the journey
continues today having so much fun doing
this
currently chiseling away at the wood
here so that I can put in one of these
brackets well actually three of these
brackets along the top and it will fit
in flesh then I'm gonna use something
called stick wood it's is really thin
wood and it looks like like old barn
wood and I'm gonna cover the whole bed
in that and you won't even be able to
see those brackets anymore cuz I'm gonna
do the outside and the inside as well
say you're building me a bed say thank
you yeah for my bed Hey wanted to give
you guys a little update into my
progress here in Luna and it's been a
lot of fun like learning to take
measurements and cutting and learning
the new tools a lot of these tools I've
never used before and there's been a lot
of learning involved in this and I
really like that I like learning for
Kai's bed I made this little rope ladder
well it's in pieces right now but I did
make this and it will work and this is
out of a birch tree that fell over this
winter and it was just on our land these
brackets are gonna go right here
ladders gonna come down and then we're
gonna install shelves on this side I
want to cut a little handle here so that
when Kai is climbing up the rope ladder
she can just grip on here another thing
I did today is install the top door
frame so that this is nice and strong
this is called the grandfather test well
it hold I'd say that's strong enough
oh right too busy outside I need your
help
okay can you help us I need your
artistic abilities okay
Hey what are you doing you coming dad
needs our help
do you trust me
can you draw the mother that you want
here I feel like a kid again like
someone I said never
[Music]
I feel like
so easily falling in love
[Music]
goodbye my heart and I feel brand-new
it's rough but it works I am going to
router today
I've never routered before if you don't
know what a router is it looks like this
and you can use it to make edges around
corners of wood so I'm gonna use it to
just round this off and make a nice
smooth edge that is super hard I need to
like have these in and listen to music
or something
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's pretty damn close I think that's
ready for standing hey y'all
really like singing y'all anyways I'm
gonna go and I'm gonna sand the the hole
that we've created for a kite to like
put her hand in to help her get up into
her bunk I'm also gonna sand down the
top of the bunk because I have a little
bit of a dip right now it's not a
straight line so I want to get it
straight that is where we're at right
now
[Music]
[Music]
things are so you look really good
I've been sanding down the edges that's
so that they're not just smooth but even
and it's looking really good I feel
proud of myself it's fun doing things
that you've never done before and then
like seeing them actually be successful
how about that anybody can do this I
think if they have a creative mind they
are good with their hands and they are
determined and persevere I'm also cut
these inserts so I had to take all the
measurements and dimensions right here
slide into place get that in there and
then this will be like storage for we're
not sure yet Kristin says shoes but I
don't know we have these plugs here so
maybe not shoes who knows maybe gear
gear might be good in here I need to
replace this electrical cable here and
these two to power this plug and this
USB so this is AC power and this is DC
and when we're done with this area we're
gonna move on to the front of the
airstream because this is way too big
for our needs this lowers to be bigger
than a king bed and this tiny house does
not need to king beds so we're gonna
slice this whole thing in half I'm not
too certain how to do it my construction
background is basically Lego as a kid so
I have to do a lot of research to make
sure I'm doing things right
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah I did so what I've been pumped
about this product arriving it's called
stick white and it's reclaimed whether
it's been cut really really thin into
these really thin panels that you can
work with and really transform space
it's gonna make highs bedroom really
look like a tree house I love the color
I'm going to show you in a sec that we
got and it's super easy to install it's
got adhesive in the back you literally
just peel off like you would back up the
sticker stick it on your space the wall
that you're working on it's gonna be
easy and transform everything
[Music]
alright let's also go is laid out and
I'll come back to it tomorrow I have to
really you know practice my patience
because all I want to do is start right
now with this Nick good but that's it
it's for the process process Kristen
[Applause]
[Music]
oh the saws are being used today maybe
not all the songs but three songs blow
us off jigsaw minor writers I know but I
like you as you can tell I am a
professional woodworker carpenter I
don't even know the name of the saws
guys but I know this is a table saw I
like this one this one is really fun
the tricky part about building this wall
with the stick wood is there so many
curves holy that is the Airstream Wow
alright here's a piece to show you what
I'm dealing with but I just had to cut
look at that curve no thin this is two
can easily snap it fits it foot subverts
excellent market whoo baby
oh yeah that's looking good except I
want to change that piece that's like be
the one that's not looking too good
everything else working like a tree
house looking like rustic it is going to
look like a tree house
and I cut a pinch pieces to fit right up
here
I want these mason jars to be filled
with wildly Forge medicine
I wanted to utilize as much of the barn
wood as possible
[Music]
this is our design of the door and it's
gonna be a double door cut a hole and
put in right there
[Music]
this renovation
