welcome to Ecuador group trip part two
this one is gonna hit you right in the
feels oh just like that
[Music]
so delicious and hearty and healthy and
just filled with lots of really good
things corn and beans and potatoes I'm
not sure the stock is but it's it's
thicker and we are in a village called
Namibia which is in the region of SATA
guru so here in Yama Dean
they consider themselves a mass
descendants from Incas I mean around
this they still have a really strong
connection to the culture and they still
practice effectively they still have
like the traditional clothing a lot of
the traditional activities that they
still do the boiling water they're in
the wool take a little piece please
smells like a sheep farm so there's two
fingers like this and then she separate
very very very very thin they put it all
together
come see the mice - guys the name of
these two love here it's one go okay
this one here what design you Strahovski
induced in your quadrant about 40 years
forty years yes
[Music]
[Music]
so this is skinny pick let's definitely
bones and agility it tastes it tastes
really good
I'm starving top but no taste good
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that was such a unique and fun
experience but it was bittersweet
because it was my last night but I got
to return home to our baby Kai yeah and
then I continued the rest of the trip
and this portion of the trip is really
when we got to give back to local
communities and meet locals and what we
took from that experience was
life-changing
the next morning started with morning
tequila with the mayor of the town that
we were volunteering at and giving back
to and locals from the community that we
were volunteering to help actually came
down to show their support and learn
about the project
[Music]
you know yeah part of this local
authentic experience is getting to stay
with locals so the group is divided up
into eight different homes and me Dallas
and Deepak three guys are staying in a
local home Kristen had to go home
yesterday back to Canada but I will be
continuing on the rest of the trip was
such an incredible experience to stay
with locals it doesn't get more
authentic than that you're you living
with people that live here and if you
want a true experience is not in a hotel
it's not in a hostel it's here with
locals no bail you put up with I don't
forget that Espen yah yeah yeah yeah me
neither
capito capito go Peter go Peter
Wow yes well excited man oh yeah look at
this place like I just told him try to
tell him in Spanish yes Casa is so
Nubian man Liz these experiences are
rare very very rare to me oldest and
especially in a place like this
that brings you into their world
we've now arrived to one of the two
communities that we're going to be
working at and they're gonna show us the
materials that we have paid for by all
these people coming on the trip a
portion of the fee went to materials to
to build the washrooms and build
different things that the community
needs my name is Dallas I'm one of the
cofounders of vivid roots vivid roots
our mission is pretty simple we want to
inspire people to live life vividly and
help those in need along the way so what
that means is we come on these really
exciting impact adventure trips is what
we call them and we when you come on a
trip part of what you're paying for is
actually proceeds going towards
developing better access to clean water
education and health services these are
the bricks that we're going to be using
to build an outdoor washroom so the
bricks have already been made we're
gonna have to carry them over to a
lady's house and then start putting them
together man let's see yeah step one is
to get all of these bricks down to the
lady's house which is way down the hill
you can see every one way down there
walking
and where we started was way up over
this Ridge
[Music]
[Music]
this is probably like a kilometer away
probably a kilometer walk away carrying
bricks on our backs whoo new game plan
the truck can get closer so it's going
to get as close as possible and then we
are going to offload the truck to the
ladies home we're all exhausted and that
was one pass we would have to do it like
20 more times ten more times
[Music]
[Music]
um I'm sworn in the area of my body that
I didn't even know could be strained my
wenis I feel like my my wenis muscle is
tired interesting I can't believe that
the woman that we're building this for
would have to do this walk every day if
she wanted anything she had to get any
produce any chicken any corn any water
that's tough
it's very tough what we're gonna do this
evening we're gonna go back to our home
so we're gonna have dinner with our host
families enjoy that and then if you want
a shower shower up our host family cook
dinner for everyone so it looks like we
have rice and potatoes chicken and
olives
porn even stuff for like the vegans and
vegetarians join me cheesecake for
dessert so this is like a real
home-cooked meal
I'm gonna take you on a little tour of
the house that we are building the
washroom at Bayonne throw you that okay
this is this is a friend of the lady who
lives here little kitchenette they let
me get the oh yeah you gonna leave it
there anything cookin it's like there's
some soup and some meat and herbs in
there probably all from the area this is
a dishwashing station where she sleeps
yeah yeah it's another bed here and then
there's a ladder at the top just like
storage if there's guests they can sleep
up there very simple very simple oh yeah
then if I could hit them you and I
thought that I mostly throw yeah she's
just helping your friend I I can speak
Spanish but this is a mix of Spanish and
Quechua which is a native language here
so I'm I'm really understanding maybe
20% of what the locals here and on them
are saying it's amazing what you can you
can get by with but having this washroom
here because I don't actually see a
washer on a stile baño Banyan I rang Ida
I use that it covers a key this is this
is the washroom
[Music]
- Vanya go - Wendy she was telling me
that she fell recently and and really
hurt her leg and she wasn't always with
a cane so is it means even more to her
because she knows she can't venture far
and which is she's in pain so it's very
difficult to leave and and use the
washroom and right now there isn't a
washroom yet so this means a lot to her
and her friend was telling her like yeah
don't cry be strong don't you know you
shouldn't cry and she was just saying
she can't help it like this means a lot
to her it's one thing to help people and
to know that you're helping a community
but it's another to actually see the
impact that you're making it just makes
everything more real and
yeah it becomes way more emotional and I
and more impactful it this is incredible
it's changed everything about this trip
just this moment right here it's
humbling as someone on this trip said
because we're all we're all very we're
privileged we get to travel the world we
have we have nice homes we have internet
we have running water we have flushing
toilets these people do not so to step
into their world and feel their hardship
is very humbling and lets us know when
we're back home just how privileged we
are and do not take that for granted
part of the funds for this project went
to hiring locals so that they could show
their skills or use their skills and
their craft and also make money for
their families so we were just building
washrooms but we're also creating jobs
else Agadez Co mucho que no se anchor
and completely sueño and a specialist on
poverty scan estamos tanto yeah let's
play put your nose is come with yeah I
mean I'm Lily unappealing yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay day two of the build fleets we did
it hit it we carried about 3000 pounds
of bricks 2,000 pounds of cement you
guys are amazing this is an amazing
group of human beings here okay
it's our last day of the project and
it's really rainy it it rained all last
night it's gonna rain pretty much all
today I don't see any any sign of blue
skies and that's really gonna put a stop
on what we can do today everybody's
really sad because we're leaving and
they wanted us and safe for even longer
day and yeah they're really thankful for
everything we've done and we will always
have a place in their heart
[Applause]
tequila 10 10 10 10
[Music]
right now a local house in a village we
just had lunch with the family we made
sugarcane juice this is a part of the
project we're here so it's part building
washrooms but also bringing water into
communities currently the mother has to
walk four or five kilometres to go get
water and bring it home and boil it down
and now she will have a tank and we're
gonna be bringing fresh spring water
into her house
it'll fill these tanks she won't have to
walk anymore she also has a disabled
child in the house which I can't even
imagine like being a new parent dealing
with all those struggles of life plus
having a kid plus having a kid that's
disabled you know something as simple as
water should not be an issue these are
the tanks there's five tanks here gonna
be installed in five different houses
sada representin Nikita still Louie
siempre atado con las una cosa hell -
Sierra listen see a Carmenita kami
enough names Laur todos tienen you know
you come tengo mis hijos del último
ninja's con discapacidad Diciembre tengo
dinero por que la yellow sauce primero
Co per our own de la pena school Aguas
us que es contaminate siempre no hay
agua en tiempo de verano y como dos some
cuatro kilo with Rosita where it was
pure it's insane - Feliz Gilligan said I
can run a cake yeah I you I prefer their
Tamela what he is fair okay based on
offense in apparatus chic ECM
president/ceo in Atlanta can be honest I
use
[Music]
[Music]
I didn't have time to think about this
geez
[Music]
dude I was coming down there and I was
like please don't get stuck please on
this dog and then I got stuck I felt
like I was flying I like just closed my
eyes and felt the wind and open my eyes
and I was moving through the air it was
phenomenal
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I think you guys said it last time only
it's so difficult to find the people
that you connect with in this world like
so much so much that you feel like
you're your family but you're not just
like family by blood family right Joey
and we all connect so well I don't know
how this many people came together
immediately hit it off instantly for us
most all of us to be here again but
there's this huge moments this is one
huge moment but there's all these like
little micro moments that happen
little hugs with people little like
conversations little little moments that
you you only have with that one person
are those two people and hold on to
those moments and like don't forget them
because they're just as important as all
the big stuff there's gonna be a little
of each and every one of you and
whatever happens with Aaron tonight
matters because this is the start of
something for us and each and every one
of you has your fingers your ideas your
love your tears your compassion in the
start of that idea so I hope you look to
us in the future and I hope you look
back and I hope you see yourselves and
what we do so you know I would -
gentlemen here I got to share a deep
story about you know things that humans
sort of go through and it's really tough
sometimes
I think all of us deep down decide
things that does sort of the others to
the laws of times and if we have to work
really hard to pull that nail off so it
can fly over and do the things if you
want to do I've always wanted
new countries I've never had a desire to
return to a country but now I am you
literally have a family here that I want
to go back and see in America I'm glad
because when I first came I was like
y'all just tell me and I was like I've
never been out with a bunch of strangers
and a whole bunch of strangers from
different places and and I'm glad to
stand here and be like you guys are I
hope that you everyone was able to kind
of find a piece of themselves here
through the experiences that these
communities because I know that you know
because everyone decided like this
doesn't shirk doesn't happen if everyone
doesn't decide that it's gonna happen
this trip doesn't happen it you know
Kristin and SIA don't decide to make
that choice to take action on something
that's important to them which is making
an impact right look at the same thing
with everybody here and those people's
lives in rodea and rodeo and gonna cut
back you know their lives have changed
forever forever there cheers to that
baby rules team
and hopscotch illegal or bringing us
together and given me any front
