hello everyone from our very first
cruise ever
yeah after 15 years of being travellers
and backpackers were trying out a cruise
slot by baby we are currently on the MSC
meta V glia cruise which is going to
take us from Mexico to Belize on Duras
and the ocean key which is a new island
that just opened in November 2019 and
we're going to be some of the first
people to experience it so I'm pumped
for that mm-hmm yeah we've never done a
cruise before so we're not too sure like
how we're going to like it but we're
gonna be very honest with our opinion
yeah I've never had a desire to do a
cruise it's just not something that we
really ever been interested in but we
are always interested in trying
something new especially I have to
travel so yeah and they're baby friendly
[Music]
you're at the buffets for lunch and you
can have the buffet for breakfast lunch
and dinner tons of food available
there's like a rotisserie you got a
pizza station you've got the ethnic food
fruit station salad station a little bit
of everything for everyone and if there
isn't something that you want like a
veggie burger or a boot and free bun you
just have to ask and they have them
available and bring it to you so that is
really handy to know as a pollutant free
plant-based eater myself uh faces you
don't have to wait to order anything you
just go up and grab whatever you want
and you get food immediately we're just
super important when you are traveling
with baby time is everything we do have
mozzarella and they make this mozzarella
right here like like 20 feet away from
me I've never had fresh mozzarella like
this and you knew I would have another
ship we have arrived in beautiful Costa
Maya Mexico on our week-long a cruise
this is our first stop we spent the
first night and first day just cruising
through the ocean and now we've finally
arrived actually woke up in Mexico which
is so beautiful and so
oh I'm loving life right now we're
walking to Mexico or in Mexico five
we're on the ship walk off the steps so
we're gonna go check out the market and
there's a lot of activities that we
could have signed up for we didn't
because we're saving ourselves for other
countries that we haven't explored yet
and yeah we're just gonna get off the
boat a little bit
you ready to explore ready
[Music]
as soon as you get off the ship there's
like this little village here very
touristy expect to pay really high
prices because it it's right off the
cruise ship but it still likes to just
get off you can you know explore a
little bit there's a fruit stand that
I'm on the hunt for cuz I want a fresh
coconut and that's all I really care
about in this warm weather coconut warm
weather I'm happy where we are right now
in Costa Maya is extremely touristy I
would say like if Disneyland were to
make a Mexico exhibit it would look
exactly like this I mean it's on
Mexico's land and it's run by Mexicans
and people are speaking Spanish and it
kind of feels like Mexico but it it's
just a tourist attraction
I mean thankfully it's still bringing in
tourism dollars which helps the economy
here but I mean if you want to
experience real Mexican culture you got
to go deeper inland this is a very
traditional Mexican cafe a Starbucks
[Music]
Coco no the downside I found the fruit
better yeah
well there's no more coconuts because
there's so many people here and they
took all the damn coconut huh
I do see some in some palm trees now why
are the palm trees wearing sweaters
[Music]
[Music]
how's hmm back from Mexico no time we
originally wanted to do a room tour
before we came in and put our stuff all
over this place and messed it up but
that just didn't happen so we're gonna
do a room tour now half lived in and the
baby's sleeping so I'll try not to be so
loud we have this nice long desk with
like a pullout chair huge mirror so you
can make sure you look sexy for the
beach this TV actually has everything
you need to know about the ship so
there's different channels that show you
how to book excursions and dinner times
and all that jazz
all through the TV beautiful mama and
sleeping baby how's the bed it's a bit
comfortable yeah and you're picky yes
and this is actually a pull-out couch
which is really nice nice big closet
it's actually a pretty decent sized
washroom I mean it has everything you
need in this little space
[Music]
[Music]
there are specialty restaurants here
that you can dine at and we've chosen
the teppanyaki because it's not just
food it's also a show never heard of
topping a key you're in her tree
[Music]
and vegetables add some miso soup and
salad sushi and a show so good we made a
request before we came on the cruise you
do fill out a form
I said that I'd like he getting
gluten-free me out so they made a
specialty passing out the seven course
meal for me vegan I just finished an
early morning massage and I feel like
jello actually no I don't like Joe
avocado pudding we just arrived in
Belize so I'm gonna go out and explore
now feel it all then breakfast unlike
their french toast one of my favorite
things for breakfast and it's down
dr. wish you had a baby that push
through a stroller there is literally
everything you can think up on the ship
including a chocolate factory they're
making chocolate behind me right now not
just like your typical chocolates you're
making chocolate statues including Maui
Olaf and Groot whoo I love this one my
favorite and they make macaroons they
make brownies they make
chocolate-covered peanuts and almonds
etc they're really good coffee here with
a kick-ass expresso machine I just had a
coffee if you can tell and now I'm gonna
have some more chocolate these
chocolates are delicacy so you don't
want to take too much just a tiny little
bite oh yeah
we
monkey
[Music]
[Applause]
I like that they have these digital TV
setup that are all touchscreen so you
can make any reservations you don't
really have to go up and talk to someone
at a desk and wait in line so we're
gonna book Broadway show 6:45 for
tomorrow boom easy just like that and we
have little cards so you attach the card
to the TV and it books it for us
convenience I love it water is also an
aerial course there's water side is like
pointing at all these like polar bear
statues and
see what's going
[Music]
we're currently off the coast of Belize
and there was a lot of excursions that
you could do you know you leave on a
little boat get to mainland and have fun
we just wanted to chill just wanted to
hang out on the boat because literally
as everything
so I had a massage this morning and food
went to a broader part now we're just
relaxing having a nap eating more food
everything is here
it was really hard to leave and the
weather's exactly same here is it would
be if we are at Maitland so just soaking
it all up the ship has a lot of
activities for little kids too so Kai
can be totally entertained all day long
there's a good food for her to eat that
has healthy options and it's just very
convenient another thing is that
cruising is a vacation it's not
traveling to me yes you're going to
different countries but the purpose and
you can see all around everyone just
wants to relax and be taken care of and
that's exactly how I feel
so I don't feel like I'm traveling and
experiencing other cultures per se but I
definitely feel like I'm on vacation
it's really nice this ship has a whole
kids level basically and it varies each
room varies from age to age somewhere in
the zero to three another one having a
lot of fun with all the toys and
everything gets sanitized spiced today
so everything it is early Thursday
morning and we just arrived in Honduras
I opened the blinds boom here we are a
new country that's a very cool feeling
actually to just go to sleep and wake up
and you're somewhere completely new you
have no idea what view lies behind your
curtain and today we're doing something
we've actually never done before
it's a half-submerged boat so it's like
a boat plus like a little submarine area
surrounded by glass so you can watch the
fish in the coral and explore the sea
life you can say that baby you go see
fish you're going on our first cruise
excursions yeah and I always thought it
was so funny when I would see people
we're taking excursions who are with
cruise ships because they would follow
the sign if it's a cruise ship name and
they would all have numbers and like
matching hats and cameras and doing
photos every two seconds
today we're except I don't think anyone
has Alex yeah
no from Johannesburg okay on a real
traffic we'll see what it's like yeah
Felix let the tourists and I usually
don't feel that way I'm embracing a new
way to travel or wait to vacation and so
many people explore the world this way I
mean four thousand people are doing it
right now just on our ship and it's
people that are interested in in culture
in traveling the world they might just
not know how to do it maybe they haven't
explored hopscotch the globe's channel
yet to get insider tips but at least
they're they're out there and embracing
the world they're not staying at home
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
now I'm the first thing that you're
gonna see and this excursion as you look
down on the seafloor welcome ladies and
gentlemen
to the second-longest by arif in the
world
[Music]
we call that is a very cool experience
for the ocean floor like this and to be
able to talk about it other people cuz
usually if you're scuba diving or
snorkeling you can't communicate okay
[Music]
just finished our glass-bottom boat tour
and I mean it looks like a regular boat
but then you go underneath and it's like
a half submerged submarine surrounded by
windows awesome really cool experience
because then our guide could actually
explain things to us as we were seeing
them and he was really passionate about
the coral reef and being protective of
it and not being wasteful and not peeing
in the ocean and not throwing plastics
in it and it was it was a really nice
store it was nice to see his passion and
I think we paid 65 bucks each for the
torque I was free because she's under
two but that's a cool experience and the
tour is not over yet kai tell her what
we're doing
we just stopped at this restaurant for
some food and it's right on the sea is
nice and guessing zoom a lot of seafood
will they have vegan this fish might be
one of the best fish I have ever eaten
fresh grouper car right here fresh
coconut grew on the island oh so so good
you get a good bite oh yeah oh yeah
that's when you know something's good
you do a little shoulder dance
[Music]
we are at the stone castle cameo
Institute where art is being done here
and this type of art dates back to 80 BC
it's like three thousand years old what
could it be something that something
different right yes I did three months
these are actually made by conscious and
they look like huge slugs you can
actually eat them they they serve them
here at restaurant explain this is a
shell that they create this like really
ugly creature creates such a beautiful
pieces and then they carve them here
turn them into even more beautiful
pieces
[Music]
good morning from our MSC cruise
business one of my favorite moments of
the day is waking up opening our balcony
doors and just being in the middle
the ocean so nuts and so immense and
just makes me feel peaceful but like
also super small really grateful to be
here I have definitely enjoyed this more
than I thought I would yeah i 100% get
the appeal and why people continue to
cruise like I've met a couple of people
who have been on 50-plus cruises and I
get it it's
it's like a combination of luxury
excitement going to new countries but
not having to fly there you get to like
just sleep in the queen-size bed and go
get a massage at the spa and all of a
sudden you're like in Andris it's very
cool it's a very cool way of traveling a
really enjoyable way of travelling
luxurious right and just to be on the
open waters and wake up this way every
morning is really makes me something
makes my soul very very happy
just solid things that you can do on the
ship there's endless possibilities one
was overwhelming all the things that you
can do and things that are available to
you and the food is great it
much better than an all-inclusive in my
opinion it's different than an
all-inclusive but like I would choose
this over an all-inclusive resort
because it's still what I consider a
vacation it's not really traveling it's
a vacation combined with getting to
experience little bits of culture and
different places as well
and I really like this
I would totally do it again
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
