hey partner hi got no makeup on a hat
because my hair's disaster and a hickey
mm-hmm I mean no I wanted to take a
moment to tell you guys our plans
because we are leaving what in like five
days six days six days yeah yeah we're
leaving God next week and we're going on
a trip around George and Ben
yeah I'm just like thinking of all the
things we still have to do but that's
okay
one thing at a time once we're back from
that two-week trip we're gonna come here
and pack up the rest of our stuff and
head away yeah yeah we have a few days
yeah oh and I'm I'm getting a vasectomy
in a few days to throw that out there
going on that's gonna be fun road trip
it's like friggin Oh
penis chopped off is that what they do
what we've done an awesome job with this
Airstream honestly love it
I thought the Luna was sick before but
this is just like a whole other level of
Awesomeness it feels homey it feels warm
it feels exciting whenever we're in here
I miss it when I'm outside of it it's
just it's everything and more it's yeah
it's getting cozier and cozier and more
customized to us and our needs and our
growing family and yeah it's just adding
more character which is amazing and
we're really learning a lot of skills
putting all this stuff together
absolutely and I'm learning how crazy it
is that's so many things in our lives
and our homes are toxic it's true
because they just have chemicals in them
because we've been putting so much
effort into creating a non-toxic
sustainable responsible home in here and
that means using products that don't
have chemicals that
more natural yeah just doing more
research you know before we you know buy
a product it's just doing a little more
research and understanding that business
and supporting businesses that we want
to support to create a better life for
for yourself for the environment for
other people yeah I mean I've been
eating mainly plant-based almost for a
year now that's crazy
good job Wow yeah okay so we're hitting
the road and we got some stuff to do
still but in this video we we got quite
a bit done thanks mom for coming and
saying yeah it was huge huge help I'm
really excited to get back in here
because it's been like a couple years
since we've been in here and we want to
be in here moving forward okay let's get
to some renovations and then we're
slowly gonna be getting ready to hit the
road
[Laughter]
less than you're the star
[Applause]
[Applause]
this is your first meal oh is it good
[Music]
maybe I've been keeping up with our
airstream renovation videos then you
know that I've been attempting to make
paint quite a few times I've been
working with natural pigments just earth
pigments clay I've been working with
flower I tried flower paint don't work
out the way I wanted it to so I
eventually found a local company just
located in Toronto so a couple hours
from us and it's a milk paint company
all natural ingredients no chemicals and
all you got to do is choose like the
color that you want and you add water to
it and it creates a beautiful non-toxic
paint so I did it first try it looks
amazing but like really thickened up
when I add the powder to the water and
I'll show you what I got blended that up
in here
it's so nice it's called Cartier Cartier
and I'm gonna call it earning enough
color I'm gonna paint inside of Kies
treehouse bunk bed today
first coat pay is complete if I had
balls I'd be sweating them because it's
hot I have finally completed painting
inside Kai's treehouse bunk it looks
really nice I also went over all
everything that I painted and stained
with a hemp oil just to seal it and all
of this product that I used is
all-natural and that is what makes me
really happy and feel really good about
what I've done because it took a lot of
research took a lot of trial and error
but I finally got it to what where I
want it to be and I didn't I didn't
settle for just going off to like I
don't know Home Depot or Benjamin
Moore's and just getting what
for paint because it was taking so long
I'm glad that I did the research and I
found non-toxic supernatural like I'm
talking clay limestone natural pigments
that's it and came up with this it's
amazing
one thing I want to change is the moss
eventually because sequency I bought it
did say natural but we're like it
doesn't look natural look different in
the picture the one in arrived it's very
bright
it is reindeer moss but they did diet
and I don't know what they used to diet
so I want more of a natural look it
looks really cool the way the way it is
I want to like replicate it exactly but
we'll do it down the line I think it
looks good for now but eventually I like
to swap it out for just like natural
reindeer moss that very muted greeny
grey color
I think that'll look really nice there
too today I'm making a milk paint wood
stain so I'm using the same products
from the same company homestead house
and they make all-natural milk paint and
stain and I'm gonna be making this one's
called Pacific redwood so I'm basically
it's the same technique is what I was
doing for the paint inside Kai's bed but
I'm watering down more to make it more
like a stain so you can see through it
see through to the wood whereas the
paint yesterday was way thicker so that
it could create like a like a matte
finish and you couldn't really see the
wood so we're gonna blend it up and see
if we need to add more water and more
powder and then go and paint the inside
of our the ladder we're doing today and
our one of our feature walls I has the
apothecary cabinets and then once we get
our door we're gonna do that the same
color
[Music]
that's what happened with the with the
paint that I don't eyes room so but what
also happened is it started to settle at
the bottom and it was very liquidy so
I'm just gonna let it sit for a bit I
don't want to add too much water it's
too liquid like it's too liquefied so
I'm just gonna that's it I can already
see it I know and I will pour it into a
little jar there's like a little bit of
a scent but it's a definitely smells
more natural like I don't smell anything
like like the smell of wet rock right
however like yeah then around rocks
after the rain that's what well that's
basically what's happening hey what is
this this is limestone clay milk pink
clay milk protein clay limestone and
just natural pigment so like either it's
like crushed up rocks or hmm different
types of like plants can you like going
not that you would eat it but like if
you did lick it it's not gonna be like
paint it's not toxic right it's not like
paint but I just say I'm on it like
don't eat it just because it's natural
doesn't mean you can it's for
consumption it just means it's not top
dog it I'm so curious little yeah but
don't do it are you gonna be up all the
time just know the limit see ya
[Music]
Hey hi it's looking really good
yeah it looks very organic yeah make
sure you like wipe it right away these
streaks like unwanted darker sheets I'm
also like dabbing it too into the wood
it's pretty really nice effect I'm
putting a hemp oil just straight-up hemp
oil over top of the stain I painted
yesterday and also Kai's bedroom just to
give it extra product protection to seal
it and yeah it's really beautiful
actually let's see I made a point system
and it looks more expensive but I think
so too
well it's more natural and you can
really see the grains of the wood pop
out which is nice and I love that it's
just hemp oil food grade hemp oil
straight up non-toxic this place is
turning exactly into it I want it to be
which is a non-toxic organic beautiful
home and cuz rock climbing wall is
blending in perfectly mm-hmm so fun I
wish I had this when I was little her 8
will be on the road
natural rock climbing laws
[Music]
tomatoes is doing good strawberries
small but mighty carrots are looking
good arugula this is looking beautiful
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
I've had my eye on the shelf for
probably about a year now it is made by
a father-daughter duo and they live in
BC in Chilliwack BC and I found it found
them and their company what they do on
beat on Etsy which I am obsessed with
we've gotten a lot of stuff off of Etsy
which I like to just support artists who
are trying to make a living off of their
beautiful Arts it's a great platform and
we are missing one thing I've gotta add
to it moon on the moon cycle moon cycle
drawer that
[Music]
