[Music]
we are all packed up ready to hit the
road after almost two years of not being
in Luna I have mixed feelings I have
really excited feelings and I have
nervous feelings because I haven't told
this thing in a long time she hitched
fine all the tires are pumped up we
checked our lights we checked our
propane tank is off next step is to just
drive okay car you excited
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
we have arrived at our first destination
our first stop on our Canada exploration
summer 2020 and this is the fun part huh
we're doing some teamwork here
definitely need teamwork when it comes
to backing out the airstream into a spot
this one is like a pretty nice wide spot
sometimes we get really narrow spots
good job see ya doing good yeah yeah I'm
pretty close whoa hold on
I don't want you to hit it yeah that's
good good job
did it hands are greasy that's okay good
job
thanks yeah that's you here this is what
the airstream looks like once we've
arrived at our destination it's a little
bit of a mess you put a lot of stuff in
the sink when we're driving so it
doesn't like end up all over the floor
this drawer needs to be fixed because it
opened and these drawers need to be
fixed because we added the Kies bunk we
took out the little latch at the bottom
that used to be there to hold the jars
in place so we had to take out our
drawers a lot of stuff goes in the bed
to the bathroom in the front area yeah
I'm gonna buy me dinner first aren't you
hungry yeah you want to pull out this
like okay after dinner okay
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
your West it is so nice to be back on
the road again living in Luna and
exploring more of our country and even
more so our province
I've never been to Tobermory before so
I'm so excited to be here ty is
definitely excited to go and just to be
on the beach even though there's rules
new rules Kai doesn't really care about
those but it's just nice to be here
surrounded by nature playing in the lake
and enjoying ourselves this is the life
this is the life
ooh first morning in Luna that was that
was an amazing sleep i I had a great
sleep did you have a great sleep let me
open the window in the morning and just
like hear the birds and backed on to a
forest the beautiful forest life man was
it that's why we're back
kai that is a beautiful breakfast are
you enjoying that yeah this is currently
our backyard
oh boy you love it out here
and you thrive out here he's much more
relaxed we all need a little nature in
our lives helps us be grounded and from
a lot more calm is so important just as
important if not more well not take as
important as a food we put in our bodies
and we just a lot of people don't think
about that so we got a Berkey which is
gonna filter out all the like hard
metals and pharmaceuticals and other
junk that's in our water and fluoride
and it's gonna give us nice delicious
clean water and we also buy additional
minerals to put in the bottom of the
Berkey so that we can add in the zinc
the potassium the iron back into our
water which our body needs we're testing
it right now to make sure that the
filters are working properly and it's
looking good this is not a sponsored
video by Berkey although it should be if
you're listening Berkey we put some red
dye and water in here and the red dye
actually came with the Berkey so that we
know it was like measured appropriately
yeah so that's extremely red and if the
red filters down it means that they're
not working but it's looking clear yeah
so this is the bottom so this is gonna
go on top with our tap water and then
it'll be filtered out of there we've
used other filters before and they they
work great but what I like about the
Bergy is that it's stainless steel and
light doesn't penetrate in the other
version that we had from santa via was
clear was plastic so sunlight could
penetrate into it okay
that's three dan clear this is the water
we poured in and this is the water that
came out so it perfectly filtered
everything out amazing
the one thing that Berkey doesn't do is
they don't have something to add
minerals back into the water so we got
these stones this is from the company
that makes the other water filter that
we have still a great company and still
makes amazing water we are drinking that
for the past I don't know two years and
it's a little bit bigger than the Berkey
so we wanted something a little more
slimline the system works where it takes
out like all the stuff that's bad for us
like the heavy metals the fluoride the
pharmaceuticals all that stuff it takes
out that but it leaves in the minerals
that our body needs but these additional
minerals that we're adding those rocks
are gonna add even more minerals so what
I've read is Berkey like you don't get
iron you don't get potassium I think you
get magnesium you don't get zinc as well
so these other additional minerals we're
adding in are gonna give us all that
we're gonna get I think potassium
magnesium calcium which is really
important because in distilled or
purified that they write on like plastic
bottles you're not getting those
minerals your body needs and then it
starts leaching it's called leaching so
your body is basically the water is like
taking out those minerals from your body
that your body needs and that can cause
health problems in the long run so you
want to drink water that has minerals in
it what I'm doing right now is adding
those minerals back in you have to wash
them and boil them and then you add them
to the bottom chamber here and then
those minerals get patted into the water
and they fill your body with healthy
minerals it's pretty cool that humans
are like part rock part metal we have
iron in our bodies I'm like a little bit
of a robot I think it's pretty cool I
think about weird things we're really
taking advantage of
the upgrades that we've done to the
space today I took a nap in her bed for
the first time which was awesome she was
there for like an hour and a half we
were wondering how to block off chi here
because if she moves a lot when she's
sleeping she does 180s she crawls around
she's like delusional and moving
non-stop I realized that her ladder fits
perfectly right here and I just tied
this up so that it was like strong just
was a piece of rope and she will not
fall out of that now I love
multi-purpose items yeah especially in a
small space and we can access down here
a lot easier so we can clean up her
station and while she sleeps
we haven't really shown you guys the
updates we did to the washroom but we
installed this sink and beforehand we
had a sunken copper sink and it was it
was really small it was probably like
this big and whenever we tried to like
wash our faces water would just go
everywhere and because this is barnwood
we you know had to keep trying it and it
was very annoying I was a little
skeptical about this shower if it was
going to you know do what it said and
you know cover your whole body with less
water and it actually it works and our
shower time is being cut in half
yesterday Kristin and Kai were in here
how was your first shower feels really
nice like I like the shower head a lot
Chris it's really wide it covers a lot
usually face kind of
[Music]
okay I'm gonna go okay good luck love
you love you dummy fine
whoo bye baby bye love you love you
later oh no I'm not gonna do it
I gotta do it
