in this video we drastically change our
front dining area / spare bed in our
last video we asked you guys what you
think we should do with this area option
A or option B and the votes came in the
people have spoken
we're going to cut these benches and
table in half
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is the new table it's even smaller
than half the size but I dig it I like
it and then we're gonna get rid of all
this we're gonna get rid of all this and
then we're gonna have so much room for
activities oh wow oh that's so much
better
that's so much better that's exactly
know what we need
yeah yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so I didn't even have to disconnect any
of this stuff there is enough slack to
keep going back so now I just have to
string these up again next this side
this is where our inverter is so this is
the inverter and this is the switch
they're like just in line I think I'm
just gonna have to move maybe this just
this cable minor tweaks in here and this
is where our shoes went goodbye I'm
keeping these though I love these shoes
[Music]
okay so this is the stage we're at it's
a ton of more room this now feels like a
living space you do yoga right here you
do some push-ups yeah cool and that's
still a huge platform like that's still
a big bed or a stage or whatever we're
gonna make of it that's like it sleep on
that together for sure
yeah it's awesome I like it yes thanks
for the suggestions yeah thanks for your
comments yes you guys picked this this
is the progress we cut this entire table
and benches in half you can see right
here where that is that white line
that's actually some paint left over
from where the bench used to be so it
used to be all down here almost like
right in front of the door and we didn't
have any of this walking space before
this is a massive improvement we
basically doubled the size of our
walking space in our living room kitchen
area that's huge I could never do this
before that's amazing
I wanted to repurpose this table because
that the wood is really beautiful and we
paid for it years ago when we installed
it so I actually used this piece of wood
for the table and put it as the front of
both sides and I think it looks really
good it actually like it matches the
wood perfectly and it adds like a bit of
elegance and and repurposing and
recycling so I'm very happy with the
outcome of it because before it was just
like plain white and that wasn't that
interesting
[Applause]
and we have these it becomes like a
double bed we still have to cut these
cushions to size if it doesn't fit
perfectly but this is the bed
this is totally enough for two people to
sleep on so we could easily sleep four
people in here Oh inside here is where
our electrical is so this is our switch
and this is our inverter so it's nice to
actually have access from this side as
well I'm gonna put some chicken wire or
something that I can remove easily if I
want to do any maintenance but it also
like opens from the top and I can access
it from up here too I have to seal this
hole somehow though I'm not too certain
how to do it this is where the old table
leg was it was right here so you got to
figure out what I'm gonna do with this
to anyone out there who is hesitant
about picking up tools and actually
doing renovations or there's a lot of
people buying vans and RVs and
converting them there's a lot of
resources out there for you guys to be
able to execute these van builds and RV
builds and tiny house builds and it's a
lot of fun you can really like spend
your time in just one area you're not
renovating a big house that is gonna
take like 2 or 3 years it's just a
little space it's only like 200 square
feet or less hello everyone something
special arrived today
food on my face guys we got our washer
and dryer for the Airstream this is what
it looks like and you can wash and dry
clothes dry clothes it's gonna spin it
basically just to get although the water
outfits gonna still leave the clothes to
em so we will have to put it on a
clothing line and dry it in the
beautiful Sun which I love to do cuz it
always smells so yummy afterwards this
is gonna be absolutely perfect for what
we need
yeah we're gonna wash my mom's clothes
mom staying with us which means her
clothes clean so welcome to Kristin and
Sia's laundry mats mat air stream air
stream laundry mat wuts it's really
simple this is
the washing tub and then this is the
drying tub wash timer so I guess zero to
15 minutes is the max normal strong this
is a wash selector or if I want to drain
it spin timer okay so that's the dryer
Kristen's mom pooped her pants last
night she didn't she didn't she only
peed we got some eco friendly soap got
eco finally biodegradable so you just
you just break it off in a plastic
bottle dissolves yeah just a cigarette
so cool okay feel it yeah it's not
scented doesn't even I got non-scented
who needs we don't need our clothes
scented my goal is to cut down my
clothing addiction to just have one load
of clothing like to do I only will need
to do one load of laundry if all of my
clothes were dirty okay I will not
achieve the car but a girl can dream
right
this new oils like this thing holds 16
pounds of clothes so you would have to
do it by weight not by piece you could
fill a bag 216 pounds
okay doable actually I like doing
laundry personally but it would be nice
to just like be outside using mess
that's really cool just even watching it
it's been that weird and then just
hanging it on the clothes line and wash
it below in the wind and then put it on
nice clean and crisp and smells so fresh
anyone else into laundry like me I think
this thing is gonna work perfect for us
it's portable it's like low energy and
it's fast the only thing I wonder is
will I feel it spinning when I'm in the
Airstream because you feel a lot of
movement when you're in there that might
be a little annoying but we'll see if
that happens now we have to train it and
then add more water so it can rinse just
do okay for the past like thirty minutes
we've been trying to figure out those
washer/dryer they're still talking about
how those works because the instructions
aren't written in I don't want a proper
English I don't want it that's it's
definitely broken English broken English
you have to learn how to read like
manuals from other places in the world
if you're good at talking to foreigners
and understanding broken English then
you can read instruction manual I am
though I traveled I still don't get it
besides no more putting the detergent
the rinsing process have no difference
with the washing process that was hard
to read without an accent I didn't want
to be rude anyways I think we're just
gonna kind of go with what makes sense
to us so wash actually I don't even know
yet to be continued
