so it's 2019 and you guys watching are
probably trying to figure out where to
travel to this year so we've compiled a
list of five places we recommend where
you can get the most bang for your buck
you don't need to spend 1 billion
dollars on travel this is actually from
Zimbabwe and probably worth two pennies
without further ado here are five
budget-friendly places to travel to in
2019
[Music]
Sinaloa Mexico Sinaloa is a state in
Mexico on the west coast along the Gulf
of California now a lot of tourists when
they go to Mexico they go to the east
side of Mexico they go to a Playa del
Carmen they go to Cancun they go to
visit the Mayan Riviera now that makes
the east side of Mexico a little more
expensive because of the influx of
tourism but if you go to the west side
of Mexico to Sinaloa you can get
incredible local culture and get away
from a lot of the tourists we spent 10
days touring around Sinaloa and it was
incredible I mean the food was just
spectacular
they have some of the best seafood I
think in North America Sinaloa doesn't
have a bad history of being known in the
news as the hub for the Mexican cartel
now this bad reputation has actually
driven down prices and tourism good for
us as travelers we never felt in danger
there it felt like a wonderful you know
region of Mexico to go explore that has
nothing to do with tourism these days
Sinaloa is just bursting with color
bursting with life bursting with amazing
restaurants with nightlife we were in
this region for Day of the Dead the end
of the somewhere tous and Kristen and I
were surrounded by a thousand locals
dressed up as like skeletons and had
skulls all over the place people were
dancing in the street their performances
it felt like real authentic Mexico if
you want to experience authentic Mexico
on a budget I highly recommend Sinaloa
[Music]
Ecuador Ecuador is a small country
that's located in the northwestern tip
of South America it combines the
incredible Amazon rainforest lively
towns and cities that are bursting with
wildlife Ecuador is also home to the
famous galapogos Islands which I have
been to it was one of the most
incredible trips I've ever taken in my
entire life but if you want to save
you're gonna wanna stay on mainland if
you're in to the beach then Ecuador has
one of South America's best beach scenes
located just outside of the city of
Guayaquil there are a lot of
accommodations all over the country that
you can find for as little as $2 per
night and the currency is USD making it
easier to exchange your money before
your trip Marrakesh Morocco Morocco is
located in the northern tip of Africa
and it's really neat that it is the
entrance into the Mediterranean and the
Middle East
so Morocco has a lot of influence from
Europe from the Mediterranean from
Africa and the Middle East it's really a
beautiful blend of a lot of cultures if
you're going to Morocco I highly
recommend Marrakech it was my favorite
city in the country it was full of just
like authentic locals living the way
locals do I was really immersed in the
culture if you want to feel like you're
in the movie Aladdin it was Morocco and
specifically Marrakech I felt like a
Latin and Abu we're just gonna come out
from like an alleyway and steal some
bread and run away my favorite part
about Marrakech was just the
authenticity of it was that I could go
to a local shop and drink tea with
someone from Marrakech
or I could walk through the bazaars and
you know bargain with people over a
hookah over a shirt
it was just like real Morocco and and I
really loved that they didn't let the
tourism that's there you know really
changed
their landscape really change their
local culture the tourists have to adapt
to the local culture their marrakech is
the fourth largest city in morocco and I
would recommend this city over the other
major cities just because it has a huge
diversity of things to do things to eat
things to see a good nightlife I always
felt safe when I was there and it's very
affordable if you're going to Morocco
make sure you brush up on your bartering
skills make sure you know how to bargain
because it's part of their culture
you're gonna buy something do not pay
full price remember you're on a budget
you gotta live like you're on a budget
dorama salah india india has always been
a popular tourist destination one of my
favourite countries to travel to but
with a population of over 1 billion
people it's easy to travel around the
country and not run into other tourists
gem slaw is located in the northern
state of Himachal Pradesh and it is
surrounded by the Himalayas and lush
forests the Dalai Lama who I fortunately
got a chance to meet and study Buddhism
with when I was in Dharamsala and it is
unique in the sense that it is a mixture
of Indian and Tibetan culture India's
immense population and low family income
has made it one of the most affordable
destinations in the entire world but low
cost does not mean low-quality you'll
find some of the most flavorful
delicious cuisine you will ever taste
awesome accommodations and shopping here
you get the best bang for your buck
Slovenia Slovenia is a small country in
Central Europe and it's in between
Croatia Hungary Austria and Italy now
because it's surrounded by all these
more popular destinations Slovenia
doesn't get as much love as Slovenia
prices are still relatively low because
they have a low influx of tourism and a
lot less travelers visiting the area
Slovenia is one of those places that
really should be more popular because of
how beautiful the landscape is because
of how delicious the food is I mean even
Lake Bled is just an iconic Instagram
Abul you know spot to take a photograph
of and when we were there there was
barely anyone around like nobody was
visiting but it should be visited more
because it's such an incredible spot
while Slovenia has such low tourism it
means you as a traveler can visit this
Alpine nation and visit historical towns
and see beautiful sights on a budget the
whole idea of needing so much money to
travel the world is a bunch of B to the
s yeah there's tons of destinations that
allow you to travel more frugally and
you can you can still see a lot you can
still experience a lot of the culture
and that's what we wanted to share with
you in this video and if you want some
more budget-friendly saving tips then
check out the video that's popping up
well has already popped up if somewhere
here yeah click it click it click it
save money travel the world
alright see you next time bye heyy
[Music]
