flying can suck sometimes you got the
red-eye flight so you got the overnight
flight so you got the really really long
flights
you got the long layovers none of this
sounds appealing right and then they
leave you sticky in some places dry in
other places and just overall jet lag
when you finally arrive at your
destination
after 15 years of travel experience I
have I feel like mastered the art of
feeling fresh when you finally arrive at
your destination so you don't smell and
look like a stinky gym bag
I want to thank Kleenex brand for
sponsoring this video they have recently
come out with their Kleenex sensitive
wet wipes which I have added to our look
and feel freshmen flying routine which
is going to start right now
[Music]
first things first you're going to want
to bring a really good overnight face
mask men this is gonna work for you two
because the one that I'm gonna recommend
is clear so you can't even tell that
you're wearing one I really like origins
drink up intensive face mask you can
leave this on throughout your entire
flight and then just wipe it off with a
wet cloth once you arrive at your
destination or just before you land and
it will keep your skin nice and
moisturize because the air on an
airplane is super super dry I like to
get the bigger version of the drink of
intensive because I use it often and
then I just put a little bit into one of
these containers that is under 100
milliliters so that I can take it with
me on board with no problem
Kleenex wet wipes I like to use these
babies to clean myself especially after
I have a meal because I get dirty no
matter what I'm eating even if it's as
simple as a banana yeah I am an adult
who eats like a child I also like to use
them to feel fresh I take what I call a
little in-flight shower using my wet
wipes Kleenex wet wipes are soft they're
thick so they don't just like tear apart
when you're using them and they are
great for sensitive skin which I have
and they have no harsh chemicals
[Music]
use a flight drink so these drinks are
specifically to help you fight jet lag
and make you feel refreshed and
energetic when you get to your
destination they are packed with
antioxidants and vitamins and
electrolytes that help support your
energy I first discovered one of these
drinks when I was flying home actually
was flying from Fiji to France and it
was a very very very long journey with
several lay overs and I discovered one
of these drinks and it really helped me
keep hydrated kept my energy levels up
so when I actually arrived in France
after like 30 plus hours of travel I
felt good shockingly there's also this
product called no jetlag and is a
homeopathic remedy which is their
tablets that you can take every couple
of hours and they essentially do the
same type of thing and they help you
fight jetlag so when you arrive at your
destination you're not feeling like
destroyed
[Music]
water this is my favorite favorite
beverage
of all time just take it keeping it
simple water you're gonna want to stay
away from caffeine so any caffeinated
drinks coffee tea with caffeine when
you're flying because it's gonna
dehydrate you it's gonna keep you up
it's gonna if you're anxious when you're
flying like I am it's gonna make you a
little bit more jittery and more anxious
so stick with the basics simple water as
well as herbal teas like peppermint and
green tea is actually okay it's
caffeinated but it doesn't dehydrate you
like caffeine so if you still want that
extra kick for when you arrive your
destination move towards the green tea
option peppermint tea is also excellent
for inflammation so it's gonna help you
look good when you arrive at your
destination and also it's good for fresh
breath right peppermint
plan your sleep what I like to do is
find out what time it is in the
destination I'm flying to and I set my
watch or my phone to that time zone so I
know when I need to sleep and what I
need to stay awake on the flight so
let's say you're flying to Australia and
when you arrive in Australia it's going
to be nighttime so what you want to do
is get some rest at the beginning of
your flight and then stay awake for the
rest of your flight so that when you
arrive in Australia it will be easier
for you to fall asleep because it will
be nighttime in Australia this is a
really great technique when it comes to
fighting jetlag because it will train
your body a lot faster to get into the
rhythm of the new time zone and the
sleep changes and when it comes to
sleeping on a flight it can be a little
tricky so bring things they're gonna
help you relax and help you to doze off
like a neck pillow and I mask earplugs
headphones with really relaxing music
melatonin which is a natural sleep aid
anything that's gonna help you just
unwind and fall asleep and stay asleep
as long as possible
[Music]
keep your essentials on hand I'm talking
about toothbrush dental floss gum
deodorant makeup anything that's gonna
help you feel and look good when you
arrive at your destination also a tip
I'd like to share which I have learned
over the years is head to the washroom
about an hour 45 minutes and when you're
gonna land because if you do it any
later there's gonna be a lineup and you
won't be able to take your time to
refresh yourself because there's gonna
be people waiting for you and you're
gonna feel the pressure move around when
you are flying it is important to move
your body stretch do some yoga in the
aisle who cares what people think
move your legs do a little dance make a
little love maybe not make a little love
or maybe make a little love it is
important especially when you have a
long flight to move around to get that
circulation flowing to prevent blood
clots and other things like muscle
soreness and stiffness and stretching is
good moving is good get up walk around
walk up and down the aisles if there's
stairs in the plane walk up and down
those stairs just move your body moving
your body especially right before you're
about to land really gets that blood
flow going that circulation going
specially important on the long flight
and it will bring more energy into your
body so when you arrive at your
destination you're not feeling like sore
and your muscles are cramped and you're
feeling tired and sluggish and more
energy
bring a change of clothes and a hatch
especially for me the hatch because my
hair tends to look a little funky when
when I arrive at a new place after a
very long flight sometimes so I like to
have a hat tape matte hair especially
those bangs if you got him ladies men
but bang you know I'm talking about and
a change of clothes including underwear
and bras just so you feel nice and
refreshed use those wet wipes and then
put on these clothes like you took a
shower in flight shower that's how it
works
I am such a snack person I love sex and
I need to have so many snacks when I
want to put on a flight like it makes me
feel a lot more calm if I don't have
snacks I panic I like to bring healthy
snacks which I prepare at home so not so
really great fruits crackers things that
are healthy you're gonna keep you full
they're gonna give you energy these are
the things that I like to bring and I
find it's hard to find them in airports
you might get a little luckier but when
you're on the flight the food that they
serve isn't typically the best it's a
lot of fat and tons of carbs which is
not gonna make you feel good when you
arrive at your destination and it's not
gonna make your stomach and your bowel
movements as good as they can be one
thing to mention though when it comes to
nuts in fruit you do have to declare
them if you don't finish them when you
get to a destination most likely so make
sure you do finish them and another
thing is bring containers because you
can use these containers when you're
traveling for leftovers or if you want
to bring a meal on the go containers
they're great and they're eco-friendly
[Music]
rosewater spritz on some of that
rosewater I'm gonna do it right now
actually Oh makes you feel so refreshed
it smells amazing keeps your skin
hydrated and you can spray it over your
makeup and it leaves it fine
I love rosewater I have a big bottle so
I like to put it into a smaller bottle
so I can bring it with me on flights
anything else under 100 milliliters
keeps us safe security will let you go
right through bonus tip
because we doesn't have a bonus tip use
airport lounges take advantage of those
airport lounges if you have lay overs
they are so good I cannot believe I
didn't start using them earlier I just
recently started using them the last
couple of years but what a game-changer
they have showers there's sometimes even
sleeping areas there's buffets there's
drinks it's just a really nice place to
unwind a little bit recharge rest if you
need to please do yourself a favor and
take advantage of those airport lounges
and these are the ways that CN I stay
fresh and energized so that when we
arrive at our destination we're feeling
good and ready to explore and hopefully
now you feel a little bit better about
that long flight you have ahead of you
you're not dreading it anymore and you
enjoy this part of the journey as much
as actually arriving at your destination
it doesn't have to be something that you
are dreading
I want to thank Kleenex brand for
sponsoring this video again and for
keeping us so fresh and so clean clean
and I'm going to leave a link in the
description box below so you can go and
get your own pack to use on your next
flight
