good morning from beautiful shigar in
northern Pakistan yesterday I didn't
film it all because it was just a big
travel day we drove for I know we were
traveling for like 15 hours in the van
we got stuck for five hours and we had
like dinner in this this little lake
this little truck stop in the the top of
the mountains which was actually pretty
cool but we got here at like 3 a.m. and
just passed out
today I don't want to be in the van at
all I want to explore by foot I want to
see shigar on on my own with others here
to just see the people explore the
bazaars explore the shops you know I
feel like I haven't done that enough on
this trip so that's my plan
[Music]
okay so we finally have some time to
explore the markets here and skardu
actually walk around and you know dive
into local shops we meet some people and
I'm really looking forward to this
because this is this is real exploration
on foot with the locals
[Music]
yes this one too
with Canada where are you from
Stephanie's got to do okay very nice to
meet you my friend very nice to meet you
oh man
the people here are so friendly like
almost even too friendly
everyone wants your picture everyone
wants to help you out people want to
know your story you want to know where
you're from your name I want to shake
your hand I love it there's there's a
few places in the world where we're used
to like people waving to us in the car
hey few places in the world are just
this hospitable and this open and
welcoming and loving hello my friend and
I my friend to the people that are
afraid of Pakistan or hesitant to come
here I asked what are you afraid of are
you afraid of hugs are you afraid of
high-fives are you afraid of smiles are
you afraid of hospitality because that's
what you're gonna get here so if those
things scare you then you have something
to fear
[Music]
have now made it into the bazaar yep
lots of local shop owners this this
section is like climbing equipment shoes
bags that kind of stuff there's a lot of
mountains in the area as you guys
already know so having a place to get
climbing equipment is important right
man so you invited you here and the what
is the mission of CPIC well the main
goal is to change the perceptions of
Pakistan yeah
the negative Western stereotypes about
the country terrorists dangerous and
it's really flipped that narrative and
then you show the real true side of
Pakistan it's the hospitable people come
over you want to be in the shot how are
you thank you
to show off these amazing hospitable
people who welcome you to their country
who always look out for your best
intentions and they just want to show
off their country as well so that's
really what we're doing bro is just to
bring you guys along and show show the
real side of the country and hopefully
influence some of you guys to come and
take the take the leap of faith and
enjoy the country like we are yes 100%
agree you guys want to make up your own
opinion you got to be here on the ground
yourself you got to meet the locals like
use friendly guys what's what what's
your name my name is Anita Ali huh
Heather Ali Heather yeah my name is Ryan
I know here see it nice to meet you
right it's very hard to stop for like a
minute or two without having people come
up I mean we do have cameras and we look
different from the local
so we attract a lot of attention but
it's positive attention it's people that
are curious people that want to like see
what we're doing people that you know
they they want to shake your hand they
want to know your name wanna know your
story
[Music]
as you guys can see we kind of attract a
lot of attention wherever we go there's
a lot I think it's the pretty boys
[Music]
what is this man these are these are
what we've been snacking on the whole
time
hey how heavy how heavy is one of these
70 kilos of dried apricots have you seen
any other tourists no no it's just us
it's literally just us yeah that's why I
think people are looking at us so much
yeah it's fun totally fun and all the
the red the red brunette blonde hair of
the group so behind me you can see a
shop with some some sheets over top of
the merchandise that means that the shop
is closed because the shop owner is
either out praying or going to the
washroom or something so instead of
actually putting a gate and locking the
door just put a sheet and people are
respectable enough not to take anything
no one's gonna steal no one's gonna do
anything and I haven't seen that in
other places like in Canada you can't
just walk away from your shop right you
got to lock it up there's got to be a
key probably security cameras you got to
keep it safe but here let's put a sheet
people are honest I just bought myself a
ring from Pakistan
I love getting jewelry and different
because it's something that I wear often
so when I whoa well I love getting
jewelry in different places because I
wear jewelry often and whenever I wear
it it reminds me of the place so I got
myself peace I got Kristin some stuff
too there's a bracelet I got for Kristin
hopefully she enjoys it what do you
think girls perspective
[Laughter]
[Music]
