hi friend I am guessing that since
you've clicked on this video you are
interested in traveling solo and I don't
blame you because it is one of the most
impactful experiences you can have in
your life but don't just take my word
for it I brought 14 of my friends in
this video who are going to share with
you their top destinations for solo
female travel and these ladies these
strong powerful women have traveled to
so many countries so you can definitely
take their word for it they have quite
the experience and I'll be sharing one
of my favorite solo travel destinations
as well so get ready for it let's go
[Music]
hi everyone its Joe from Damon and Jo
and first of all solo travel is the best
like if you haven't told her travel in
2019 I get to booty on a plane go to
Mexico go to Greece those are my two
favorite places of solo travel I love
love love Latin American culture and
especially if you're by yourself it
feels like you're never alone you've got
to go someplace where people are so
friendly that even if you're alone
those look really girl oh also safety
wise it's very safe like Mexico gets a
bad rap for some reason I've never felt
in danger in Mexico and you just gotta
go and realize that so many other people
are solo traveling so shut up and go on
a trip by yourself
hey everyone I'm Alyssa Ramos I'm gonna
to travel movie and I have traveled solo
to over 90 countries which makes it
really hard to pick one to recommend but
I'm gonna go ahead and go with Easter
Island it may seem a little far-fetched
to do but it's one of those epic
adventures you can do by yourself
it's a small island you can drive around
the entire thing by yourself and go see
all of the awesome oh my heads and it's
also a really cool place to get immersed
into a culture there's still some
original Rapa Nui people there they're
more than happy to tell you about their
history and just gonna throw it out
there that they're all really cute hey
guys globe from the blog Broadcom and I
ranked Malta as my favorite solo female
traveler destinations I've been to over
70 countries and Malta is definitely one
of my top five safe assassinations I can
explore and get lost at any hour of the
day and feel completely safe there's
over half a million people that live
here but every morning you'll walk out
and see that same old man at the corner
cafe and I love it it has a small town
feel Malta is the cutest little island
and the capital city of blood is also
unesco world heritage site there's so
much charm and warmth and vibrancy here
I definitely ranked it top five faces
destinations in the world hi I'm Hannah
Dean and my pick for you ladies is
Switzerland not only is it my favorite
country to visit it is absolutely
perfect for the solo female traveler you
have the Geneva region which is very
French
it is luxurious it's beautiful it's
right on the lake and then you have the
Alps area which is full of little cute
Swiss villages that have amazing hiking
trails in and around it so you can go
explore on your own no problem it is
totally safe you can go there in the
winter time and go skiing you can go
there in the summer time and do all
those hiking plus more and the food you
have delicious delicious chocolate
cheese and wine what more can you want
ladies
[Music]
hey guys my name is Laura Reed I make
travel videos here on YouTube and one of
the places I would recommend to fruit
solo female travelers is the Philippines
I have been back there many times and I
loved it for a few reasons
so the first reason it being that there
are an endless amount of islands that
you can visit the next reason is that
they have some of the kindest people I
have ever met and one place in
particular I really recommend for solo
female travelers is it's shark au and I
really love this place because there's a
whole bunch of young people gonna hop on
a motorbike good venturing you go
surfing so definitely try and make it
out there and happy traveling hi guys my
name is Audrey and I run a YouTube
channel called Samuel and Audrey where I
travel together with my husband my first
solo trip was to Portugal more
specifically to Lisbon and I loved the
destination Lisbon is beautiful like the
buildings are covered in these colorful
tiles so I basically had my camera in
him the whole time I stayed at a hostel
that had female dorms so I felt very
comfortable and they also had group
tours if you wanted to go a walk around
or enjoy some nightlife and also the
food was delicious
I basically feasts it on egg tarts and
seafood and I had a great time so a few
girls are looking for a destination out
there I would recommend Portugal
[Music]
hi everyone I am Monica otherwise known
as an eco traveler and if I had to
recommend one destination for women
traveling by themselves to go to I would
recommend the Gulf nation of Qatar it's
extremely beautiful and as well Middle
Eastern culture is extremely interesting
to navigate as a solo female traveler I
always felt completely safe the food is
absolutely excellent and Qatar is really
easy to get to thanks to it being an
airline hub I would definitely advise
you to go you will not regret it
anyway invest time hi it's Rio from Rio
is here and my number one destination
for solo travel has got to be Bali it's
one of my favorite places in the whole
world and I just love it because you can
have an incredible cultural experience
you can hike up volcanoes you can go to
rice field it's so so beautiful but it's
also because there's so many tourists
there's tons of amazing restaurants and
there's so many people that you can meet
it's the perfect place to go alone and
if you want to make friends you can
definitely make friends and if you don't
you just want to sing in your villa for
very cheap eat really well for very
cheap and just have an amazing vacation
by yourself you could do that too
hey guys my name is angelique and my
country of choice is Italy there's just
something about Italy and that is so
magical that I think everybody needs to
experience everything from the culture
the art the food the streets everything
was picture-perfect
and I just think it's a great place to
go solo because I felt like I found
myself there I know that kind of sounds
cheesy but when you go somewhere that
exceeds your expectations you're able to
be in the moment and enjoy every minute
of the trip like hands down my favorite
trip I've ever taken I did not feel
unsafe and the parts of Italy that I was
in so if you find yourself in that area
definitely go and stay for a long time
[Music]
my top pick for traveling solo is
Ireland Ireland is such a welcoming and
friendly country and you feel very safe
traveling it alone there's a really
strong tourism infrastructure there so
getting around is very easy by renting a
car or taking the bus there's B and B's
and hostels all over the place and I
suggest when traveling for the first
time going somewhere where they speak
the language that you speak Ireland does
speak English but it also has a very
different culture so it feels very
exotic like I'm going somewhere exciting
so that is my reason for choosing
Ireland to travel solo one of my
favorite places to visit in the world is
Chiang Mai Thailand for so many reasons
I really love the vibe of the city it
attracts a lot of health-conscious
travelers and the locals are super
friendly and playful the city as a whole
is really safe and easy to get around
also just a little bit outside the city
you can hike to waterfalls and temples
up mountains there's tons of Buddhist
temples everywhere also probably my very
favorite thing to do there is to indulge
in this six dollar Thai massages it's
super affordable and just a super
enjoyable place to explore on your own
or with friends
[Music]
hey everyone it's Kristin of vacation
couple and I'm excited to share with you
my favorite place to travel solo the
dominican republic this country is known
for its beautiful beaches but it also
has scenic cultural and adventure based
activities to indulge into some of my
favorites include visiting paradise
island going ziplining rum tasting and
enjoying roadside activities like sweet
almonds and cigar rolling this is the
place to take your time wandering
through towns chatting with locals and
traveling at your own pace which is why
I think you should visit the Dominican
Republic on your next solo travel
adventure
hey guys I'm Julianne Bharati
travellingjools I'm a travel filmmaker
and host so I get to see a lot of the
world for work and for fun solo female
travelers we've got to check out Korea
it's such an interesting place one thing
everybody loves about Korea the food the
food eating is one of my favorite things
about going back to Korea
you've got the traditional culture and
then also there's a lot of urban things
and also nightlife there's dance clubs
you're gonna find yourself having too
much fun to go to sleep I promise solo
female traveler I think you're gonna
love Korea
[Music]
hi everyone I'm Erin also known as Erin
outdoors on the Internet I'm a travel
photographer and blogger and I'm super
passionate about solo travel my top pick
would probably be New Zealand especially
if you're adventurous and you're an
English speaker there's a lot of
backpacking that you can do in New
Zealand a lot of hiking a lot of camping
it's just Advent the adventurers
paradise so if you're feeling
adventurous and you would like to try it
out solo I can't think of a better place
to to do it
one of my favorite places to travel solo
is Belize I have been twice I've
traveled both times solo and I
absolutely loved it first of all it's
one of the most beautiful places the
color of the water is like no other
place I've ever seen in my life that
turquoise color holy mind-blowing but
let's talk about why it's good for solo
female travel I felt safe there 100%
specifically in the keys that is where I
hung out I felt safe walking around by
myself the people were super friendly
super laid back it's the island life
chill vibes I could hang out on the
beach and not be bothered I can go for a
swim and feel safe not be bothered do so
many different activities and there's
also a great traveler community on the
islands so I can meet other solo
travelers if I want to hook up and hang
out with them and party with them it was
an incredible experience and there's
also like the yoga retreat life that you
can get involved with there which I love
so you can be solo and not doing
anything and be by yourself or you can
join groups of other solo travelers and
have a good time it's a great place to
be I hope that you feel inspired and I
hope that if you've been thinking about
traveling solo that this videos helped
you make that decision for me solo
travel has been one of the best gifts I
could have given myself and I will
continue to travel solo throughout my
life and you can see there are tons of
other females doing it tons of them are
in this video and speaking of the
wonderful women powerful women travelers
in this video I have linked to all of
their YouTube's instagrams blogs all in
the video description below be sure to
check them out go subscribe to them
because they are awesome and subscribe
to the channel if you haven't already
and I'll see you next time bye
