hello hello from Saskatchewan if you
don't know or Saskatchewan is is a
province right smack in the middle of
Canada yeah it's basically a massive
rectangle in the middle of Canada that's
where we are we're going to be spending
the next seven days here on a Southwest
roadtrip me see ya
and baby Kai she's in the back first
family road trip is our first family
road trip with her out of my belly
wow that's special she thinks that too
I'm glad it's in Canada we're gonna be
traveling around the province and
showing you what you can get up to here
we're gonna be doing a lot of outdoorsy
nature stuff and ending the week at a
kite festival you heard that right
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we have been driving for about two hours
now and it's been a drive people think
that Saskatchewan which is flat and when
you think of flat leaves when I thought
of flat before coming here it's just
like like actually flat like if you're
looking at a lake and there is just no
width it's just completely flat it does
not like that here there are a lot of
rolling green hills and it isn't
mountainous so I think that's what they
mean when they say it's flat but there's
so much beauty there's these beautiful
rolling green hills there's tons of
wildlife that we've been seeing
tons of different birds of prey there's
a type of deer here that I've never seen
anywhere else the white-tailed deer is
the provincial animal so you'll see a
lot of those and it's really just
stunning I love how unlived it looks
a lot of the places we've been passing
through but that's what makes it so
beautiful as well at the sky it just
looks so big the clouds look extra big
it's really cool
very different than any other place that
you will drive through Canada we've made
it to our accommodation for the night
look they have a few of them set up
there's three over there there's a
couple more this way this is made of
like feels like rubber actually pretty
neat
ready it smells yummy in here totally
void mmm yeah gotta laugh bet on that
side bet bet on that side and I'm sure
bet in the middle this is like it's like
triple king bed okay you can just roll
and roll and roll what do you think you
like it yeah if Kai was older she would
definitely want to sleep up above unless
I beat her to it there is a massive
storm headed our way we were gonna do a
big hike today and see these cool
Badlands but we're going to save it for
tomorrow instead we're gonna stay here
we're gonna cook dinner there's a
barbecue outside and this place provided
us with a basket which is awesome so we
get like a basket of food and if anyone
comes here you can order a basket of
food that way you know you can you can
eat because there's literally nothing
around here like for half an hour
outside this place in any direction
there's like not much so there's no
restaurants there's no overeats there's
no pizza delivery you got to cook your
stuff here
[Music]
this is our home for the night and it is
currently raining outside you can hear
everything but it's kind of nice
relaxing and we are disconnected from
the outside world we don't have any
reception here so it's nice actually
like just connect and hang out with my
family and this beautiful environment
and this cool-looking tent authentic I
should say and she is just having some
food kai is having a party on the bed
life is good this is the basket for
dinner they put the whole thing together
so there's like burgers there's
condiments cheese juice boxes there's
veggie burgers like the girl the lady
who works here made a veggie burger for
me she actually made me a veggie burger
so nice was a gluten-free bun she made
apple butter this person amazing what's
mom doing great so we don't have a
kettle it's my cat for a bottle warmer
so I can't heat up milk or water and I
want to make kinder cereal so I'm doing
it straight from the source I'm nice and
warm and when the milk gets pumped out
it's warm as well so I'm doing that and
then I'm just gonna add it well which
I've already been doing I'm making her
some cereal that's for you
hmm yeah clap typed up it's so good so
good the rain has stopped so we're just
outside of our authentic and we are
gonna barbecue some dinner it's on the
menu so in our basket that we receive
some free cut potatoes and carrots and
onions it looks like with salt and
pepper
then I have a beef burger and this is a
chickpea burger chickpea and bean burger
for you and it's homemade - did I just
break it up
good job daddy Oh hmm burn your mouth
spit it out okay you know power through
it I'm Brenda Peterson from grasslands
National Park I'm the interpretive
coordinator here and so I'm here to
welcome people and to make sure that
they have a really awesome time in
grasslands grasslands National Park has
so much to offer
okay so we have super super the most
unique scenery you've ever seen you can
see the Badlands you can see the uplands
you see grasslands it's the only
grassland park in Canada we have events
like the fossil fever so you can come
and dig dinosaurs with like dr. Emily
Bamford from the Royal Saskatchewan
Museum awesome so you're doing the real
thing this is you can't do it anywhere
else only here and only twelve people
get to go in a day so it's like a
one-on-one with the top paleontologist
is in the world well if you look here
you can see the t-rex so this yeah
there's if the skull was there the parts
that are green show what those you know
what those bones meant in that skeleton
so if you think like you know how you
have a chocolate color almond it's all
covered with chocolate yeah well this is
the bone is there and the iron stone is
around it but the iron stone has
protected that fossil for over 70 years
earning it so that yeah Wow 70 million
years yeah so this is an advantage for
us so he can looks like this my able to
touch it or not yes
so the ironstone is the new the darker
color stuff and the bumpy stuff that's
the boom wow that's fascinating
[Music]
[Music]
lonesome bucks cool lonesome bats cool
welcome to ghost town blues the
bed-and-breakfast where you can stay in
a very cool accommodation
looks like your your stepping back in
time when we're just settlers here
traveling across the country by
horseback living in tiny what are these
called again what do these things called
again what are they called
I don't know you guys let me know
different and very like old fashioned
just the cool factor to the max right
this little wagon here
very cool super cozy this Manor this is
like a fabric it looks like this is for
chimney metal so there would be like a
fireplace right here hey cool home on
wheels else yeah
how freaking cool is this place I could
totally live in this
I love how rustic it feels so cozy it's
so cozy and so freakin cool imagine like
flying down the highway one of these
trucks with this on top this one over
there is where we're staying
hey guys what you doing sitting on my
rust bucket enjoying the good life time
the good life checking out the outside
of our home
boy oh you have a really nice home
you're so Canadian friendly you know if
I'm too
[Music]
welcome Tamara we spent the night last
night and it's cozy little cabin we had
our really nice old style heater going
where you have to light a match in order
to get the fire going and then it gets
nice and toasty in here and cni we slept
in her bed here kind her little her
little pack and play and everyone slept
really really nice kaien guy is just
eating right now we're a morning
strawberry how's your breakfast today
yummy the bedding area is a little chill
area there's a little library here with
old school books there's a lot of really
cool old style decor including cowboy
attire because the guy who owns this
place used to be a cowboy and then
there's the second floor which I oh
thank you boom this is the second floor
there's another double bed as well it's
the same as the bed downstairs and good
block style so you can see down it's
really nice really cozy we enjoyed
staying here last night this is gotta be
order like the coolest type of
accommodation we've ever stayed in and I
love finding places like those because
it just makes the experience way more
enjoyable okay so we are on the road
again and funny thing about the roads
here is it kind of all looks similar and
sometimes we feel like we're just like
ended up on someone's property someone's
farm land and then other times Google
says go one way we go another way and
then it's just go one way and then go to
another way and it's just like we don't
sometimes we just get lost
yeah that's what I'm trying to say
driveways gonna be like 10 kilometers
long yeah it's crazy everything kind of
looks so similar and there's no other
people around for like kilometers and
kilometers so even if we we had to ask
someone if we're going the right
direction there's no one to ask so we're
at that point right now
there's no one around and we've come to
a place where we're not sure if we
should continue but we might just risk
it under a cabin on the open road I can
scream and no one would hear me which
could also be a bad thing
you feel it I love it I love driving in
different places then Saskatchewan is is
great driving like if you want to just
like go down like green rolling hills
and like super straight highways it's
it's perfect and dirt roads and dirt
road lots of dirt roads with dust coming
from behind the car remember when we
were saying we're not sure if we're on
like someone's property and you really
don't know for kilometers because people
will have the longest driveways here
well we're on someone's property
yeah excuse me sir I think we're a
little lost I'm not sure if we're headed
the right way we're trying to get to
Bald Butte and our map took us here how
do you think any response we're at
cypress hills interprovincial park and
you know the plants are getting a shower
today which is nice because things need
to grow and they need water to grow
because this is the first forest in
Saskatchewan I've ever seen I've been
here a few times driven through the
province but but never stopped to like
see something like this like lakes and
forests and there's there's moose and
cougar and wolves and like cool animals
around so I mean we won't get to do all
the activities that we want to do just
because of the rain but we're still
gonna have fun
[Music]
[Music]
I love playing in the rain
there's something very fun and like
childish go playing in the rain this our
first time playing in the rain together
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you're playing in the ring
stay in the ring
[Music]
along our drive we found some white
birch now these remind me of my
childhood my grandparents had a couple
of birches in their backyard and
whenever I see them it reminds me of
them and this is actually the official
tree of the province and it's it's
beautiful because like there's not many
trees that are white and have white bark
and it's also used to to line canoes
with - because it's it's it's waterproof
so you can line canoes with it you can
also use it as kindling to start fires
it's really really thin and catches on
fire easily not good for your canoe but
great for your fires
we made it to the lookout point I wish
it wasn't so foggy so I could see some
stuff
it's supposed to be a beautiful view
[Music]
you
