hello and welcome to another travel hack
video my name is Kristen Sarah
this is hopscotch the globe and on this
channel you will find anything and
everything to internationally inspire
you to bring culture into your life and
whether that is flying halfway across
the globe to do so or just sitting in
your own living room well let's get into
some travel beauty hacks
[Music]
use your fingers to curl your eyelashes
my eyelash curler it used to be the
number one item I would bring with me no
matter where I went but now it is lip
gloss because I don't need my eyelash
curler anymore when I travel because I
can just use my fingers and it actually
is way more effective what you do is
right after you put on your mascara you
take your fingers your two pointer
fingers you curl them like so and you
push up on your eyelashes when you do
that hold it for let's say anywhere from
two to five minutes basically you want
to wait until your mascara is pretty
much dry remove your fingers and you
will have the most curly eyelashes very
volume is very dramatic and it will last
a long time by refillable perfume
bottles I got mine from Shoppers Drug
Mart and if you are Canadian you will
know exactly what I'm talking about
if not you can check out your local
pharmacy or even get it on Amazon it's a
little tiny bottle that's under 100
milliliters so if you're deciding to
travel carry-on only it's perfect and
what you can do is take the perfume you
normally use at home and transfer it
very easily just like so into your
reusable perfume bottle and that way you
don't have to worry about customs taking
away from you and you don't have to
worry about your perfume bottle bursting
and your luggage and then everything
smelling like perfume nobody wants that
use coconut oil for a lot of things
coconut oil you got to bring someone you
travel because you can use it for so
many things you can use it for mosquito
bites to get rid of that itch you can
use it for cuticle moisturizer you can
use it for overall body moisturizer
I'd say away from your face though your
pores are a little different there you
can use it for your hair moisturizer
doing like a hair mask overnight you can
use that as makeup remover there's so
many ways to use coconut oil it's
natural and it's a great thing to have
when you're traveling and also trying to
take as less as it's possible with you
on your travels bring a hat or two for
early mornings when you're traveling
waking up early is not unheard of
especially if you have a booked
excursion or you have an early flight or
you're traveling from one place to
another usually your morning starts
pretty early and you don't have time to
mess with your hair so having a hat is
always a great thing so you still look
fashionable you look good even when it's
like 5:00 a.m. you're ready to go hair
elastics bring a lot of them when I'm
traveling I put elastics pretty much in
every pocket in my clothing or in my
purse or in my luggage so I know that no
matter where I am or where I'm going and
I need a hair elastic I know where one
is and also they're not all in one place
and if that they just so happened to go
missing I know that I have some other
stored away in other places use lipstick
as blush when I travel I like to bring
as little as possible and that includes
makeup so using lipstick as a blush is
something that I do and no one knows the
difference get free samples from Sephora
this is one of my favorite hacks you can
go to Sephora and get samples free
samples of anything in the store if you
want to try a new moisturizer that
typically cost like $200 for like the
regular sized container but you don't
want to invest in it yet because you've
never tried it well you can get a sample
of it and it's great because these
samples are tiny enough to allow you to
bring them carry-on only so you'll have
to check your luggage but it lasts you
anywhere from two weeks to a month
you're welcome ditch the travel size
products you know those really adorable
travel sized shampoos and conditioners
and shaving creams etc will don't even
bother first of all you're not getting
the most value for your money and a lot
of the times the travel size products
aren't the best quality products that
you typically use so I would reckon
I'm just getting the normal size
products that you normally use on a day
to day basis getting some small
containers
I love go tube so those are excellent
they're all 100 under a hundred
milliliters and just fill up those tubes
and those little containers with the
products that you love and enjoy the
most it's gonna end up saving you money
in the long run you're gonna enjoy your
products more and it's also not a waste
those little products last only like a
few days max a week and then you're
throwing out these containers made of
plastic and you know it's not the best
thing for the environment pack that dry
schampoo if you've never used dry
shampoo before it is a lifesaver
for me personally I don't like to wash
my hair more than once max twice a week
especially from traveling to hot
destinations or I'm swimming often my
hair tends to get a lot drier so you'd
like to use dry shampoo instead of
drying my hair oh by using shampoo
shampoo and washing my hair with dry
shampoo you just apply a little bit to
the roots of your hair and if you have
greasy hair it gets rid of that your
hair looks nice and fresh even if you
haven't washed it in a week pack face
mask for the plane I like to use a face
mask when I'm on a flight because the
air tends to be so dry so I like to keep
my skin as moisturized as possible make
me look fresh and feel fresh when I
arrive to my destination you can get
those sheet masks which you're gonna
probably freak out a few kids on the
flight but kind of funny one of my
favorites is from origins again I have a
sample that I just got from Sephora that
I'm currently using it's their drink up
intensive mask and it goes on clear it
really hydrates your skin no one can
tell that you're wearing a mask and when
you get to your destination you can just
wipe it off use cotton pads in your
compacts to avoid breaks those cotton
pads that you typically use to remove
makeup you can take one of those put it
in when your compacts and it prevents
the the makeup your blush your
foundation your bronze or whatever
from breaking put plastic wraps over
bottles if you're using go tubes which I
mentioned earlier they are these
reusable bottles that are you've made
using flexible plastic and they tend to
not leak I've never had an issue with
them but I have had issues in the past
with the plastic small plastic
refillable bottles that some people like
to use and what I recommend to avoid
leaks and spills is to take off the lid
of that container fill it up with your
favorite product place some saran wrap
over the top and then secure it with the
lid once again bringing a silk
pillowcase with you I like to bring a
pillow case in general it's just nice to
have my own pillow case with me that I
can use in hostels guest houses hotels
River I'm staying it kind of makes me
feel a little bit more at home it's also
nice to know that I have my own
pillowcase and I'm putting my face on at
the end of the night if you want to take
it up another level it to keep that hair
nice and silky soft so you don't wake up
looking like a mess like this or also is
a beauty hack it's really nice for your
skin to use a silk pillowcase if you've
never tried a self pillowcase go out and
get yourself one it is a life changer
pack peppermint tea during your flight
it's really nice to sip on some
peppermint tea it's actually a deep
puffer so when you are flying you tend
to not sleep as well especially if
you're on an overnight flight and your
skin just changes and it gets a little
bit puffier but peppermint tea helps to
get rid of that puffiness so when you
arrive at your destination
you're not looking like use plastic
straws to organize your jewelry there
are so a lot of places that offer
plastic straws with their beverages and
instead of throwing them out you can use
them over and over again what I like to
do is take my necklaces and thread them
through straws keeps them organized and
it prevents them from getting all
clumped together and tangled no one
wants to deal with a bunch of tangled
necklaces when they're traveling always
travel with the Ziploc bags honestly
they'll be valuable to you for so many
different things it's just really good
to have you can put dirty clothing in
there if you have like a wet bathing
suit but the uses frizzy block bags are
endless so make sure to pack a few
wrap your makeup brushes in tinfoil
there have been several times when I
traveled and my makeup brushes went from
looking beautiful to looking kinda like
so in order to prevent the bristles from
like going all over the place and then I
can't really use my makeup brush anymore
I like to wrap them in tin foil and it
allows them to keep their shape put
eyeshadow on q-tips if you're traveling
short term this is one that I highly
recommend if you are trying to travel
light and you don't want to take too
much makeup with you you can take some
q-tips and rub them on your favorite eye
shadows and just store them in some
ziplock bags or in plastic wraps so that
you can use those eyeshadows once or
twice and you're not bringing a whole
pallet with you use coffee grinds to
exfoliate you don't even need to bring
coffee grinds with you because most
likely your hostel hotel guest house
will have coffee available and you can
take the coffee grinds the used coffee
grinds and use them to exfoliate your
skin you just take them and start
rubbing them over your legs your arms
wherever you want avoid your face though
it's more sensitive and it completely
exfoliates you know it's really nice if
you're traveling to a warmer climate or
drier climate and your skin is starting
to flake you want to get off that
flakiness exfoliation cheap exfoliation
using coffee is really good bring a tea
tree oil with you tea tree oil is a
magazine you can use this for so many
things you can use it for acne dry skin
irritation bug bites wounds even for
dandruff the list goes on
pack that lavender oil just like tea
tree oil lavender it has so many uses
you can use it as an antiseptic you can
use it for burns you can use it to relax
at the end of the day to help you sleep
the list goes on use paper bags as a
blotter I'm sure many of you have seen
those blotting strips that you can use
when you have if you have oily skin or
you're in a hot destination and you're
sweating well instead of buying those
because they can be a little bit pricey
you can just use a paper bag it does the
exact same thing use a pill container to
organize your jewelry I'm sure many of
you have seen those pill containers that
have every day of the week that older
people like your grandparents might have
their various pills in well you can use
those for organizing your jewelry
specifically earrings when you're
traveling I can't tell you how many
times I've lost just one of my earrings
out of a pair when I'm traveling and
having a pill container to keep them
safe to keep them organized has helped
me to not lose my earrings that I
absolutely love and adore that I've
gotten from all over the world keeps
them organized it keeps them safe and I
love it
use a binder clip over your razor what I
like to do is take a binder clip and put
it over the blades of the razor it will
definitely stay on until you take it off
so you're not going to end up butchering
your hand or cutting up your luggage and
that is it for my travel beauty hacks
hopefully you learned something new and
if you have any travel beauty hacks of
your own that I did not mention leave
them in the comment section below don't
forget to check out some of our other
travel hack videos so that you can
travel better travel more efficiently
and I will see you later I do
