welcome to open mica National Park this
is a brand new National Park in Quebec
had just opened the summer and were some
of the first people to be here yeah
you'll see behind me this is the ready
to camp cabin so everything's set up all
you need to bring is a pillowcase sheets
blanket and food you've got everything
else there's electricity so you can plug
things in you got kitchenette you got a
little stovetop there is a fire pit
really really nice it's like taking
camping to the next level of glamping
glamping
this is glamping
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
how's the water guy Chris well it's not
bad huh like it's a little bit of a
shock when you get in but after about 30
seconds yeah you're good to go
she loves it she wants back
this guy over here is the master at
starting fires Oh
one match fire one match yeah but you
can also or have started it with what's
it called yeah I used the bow method so
you wrap like a stick with a piece of
string around another piece of wood and
then you just like kind of bow it and it
drills into another piece of wood and
creates like a little ember cook it's
very very cool feeling well it cast away
feel like there's something very
Canadian about a bonfire especially like
in the woods camping with pine trees and
birch trees this is not traditional
camping food this is too good thank you
quinoa with like awesome mix beyond beef
burger hmm avocado hummus and some
delicious ginger beer mindful eating
[Music]
tell us a bedtime story
we're now going on a little canoe trip I
haven't been on a canoe in some time now
and I miss canoeing I grew up canoeing
with my father going to different lakes
and portaging camping and load this
canoe up into a boat take the boat
deeper into the park and then be in the
canoe so should be fun
changing Kai's diaper before we go much
more challenging than you think you're
gonna fall okay
success we're starting from here and
then we'll drive with just to those
small island we'll go around this is all
part propriety now but if you if you
want you can do like multi-day trips
weeks the weeks trip if you want until
the end of the lake and then it connects
or the river and other lakes which no
it's really in huge places there's a
pretty much eight hundred island around
but in the region here at sweetings can
like there's 22,000 lake and river so
yeah we have a lot of water to explore
it all around kids let's say a nice
playground for people that love outdoors
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
lookit Ekta okay hi alice is like I know
what's going on I'm not sure about it
she's kind of shaking yes this is true
Canadian like spirit guides
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
you're so smoked wait prison
thank you
[Music]
after the morning of canoeing around and
boating around all these beautiful lakes
we're on cloud mo Island this is where
we stop for lunch so Yom is preparing a
beautiful be vegan feast you miss some
veggie natural you call that in English
okay and a lot of vegetable and some
Greek bread hope you enjoy your vegan
meal yeah so the region around here was
formed by like a fracture built between
two tectonic plates so it's spread apart
here it's all called it's called a rift
and this place doesn't look like it but
it's 200 feet deep so it's really deep
because of the technic plague spreading
apart I have finished our boat ride it
was so beautiful to be out there on the
lakes seeing the rocks and and the loons
out and just it was such a beautiful day
like perfect perfect weather perfect
skies now our guide Guillaume is gonna
take us on a little hike to a waterfall
now enroute to the waterfall can you
hear it
is not easily accessible if you were
just kind of traveling along here you
wouldn't know that this waterfall
existed for so many years it was just
Kristen and I traveling together now we
have Atlas with our dog we have Kai or
daughter and it's just added a whole
other element to travel and and
experiencing things for like the first
time together seeing how they react to
new situations is is pretty remarkable
it's awesome to be able to see it
through their eyes again
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so I'm gonna show you how to start a
fire without anything then a fill-in
like this so you wait you're not using a
match you're not using a lighter no and
most of the time I actually don't
because when you know that Crixus from
my point of view almost easier than
using it right lighter because this
won't fail
imagine feel a light you can fill but
this won't feel faint hey you only need
the right tree and the right pieces
proof some tree
we're using a tree okay we're going to
use a flint and a tree to start a fire
yeah well use what the tree provide
actually you see the balls on the tree
like this kind of wobble those kind of
bubbles there's a liquid in it and it
burns actually we like oils once it's
tied on fire so you just puncture a
small hole in between and you collect it
so this app is flammable
they really flammable like I said it
burns like John oil actually like you
all you put in the car just for the
treats the fire is always and then you
need to eat a bit so it won't start oh
yeah it's dripping like little you're
dripping on fire just like that can
start a fire with small piece of wood
that's that's nice survival tips 101
yeah our pan is like one-fifth the size
of this yeah that meal was so good like
I can't believe you just cook that over
a fire and like vegan sausages I was
gonna say I think because it was going
to
a fire made of extra tasty is like that
barbecue e smokey kind of flavor I
really found it fascinating how many
islands there were in the area's over
800 something insane like that and it
was just so beautiful canoeing a while
in peaceful tranquil canoeing along the
river and stopping by all these
different islands that are all pretty
unique in their own way and it was just
it was a beautiful weekend away with Kai
and Atlas if you guys already live in
the area or you're planning to visit
Quebec I highly recommend going to this
National Park it was beautiful it was
relaxing it was everything you want in a
Canadian National Park bring your dogs
bring it baby bring your wife bring your
brother bring your mother bring him off
bring all the things
