hello friends especially all you guys
from Pakistan that have been really
enjoying this series and commenting
sharing your love telling us who you are
and where you're from it's been a real
pleasure interacting with all of you and
we have more videos coming out of
Pakistan but this video is going to be
the last of the vlogs this day that
you're about to watch is us and our last
like couple days in Pakistan which were
incredible we spent a lot of time
interacting with the locals in this
video also there were some very exciting
and unexpected things that happen with
the locals and some of my favorite
memories are in this video but don't be
sad that this Pakistan series is coming
to a close because that just means that
the door is opening for more of our
series to come in me and my wife Kristen
and our baby Kai and our dog Atlas we go
on a ton of adventures together all over
the world and we have a tiny home that
we travel in we're actually going to be
in it very soon traveling across North
America and documenting that so you guys
can take a look at our lives on the road
as a family and be sure to stay tuned to
the end of the video because there's
some announcements that you guys want to
hear you got a stay tuned to the end of
the video without further ado here's
Pakistan
[Music]
so our second last day here in Pakistan
and we spent the night here at cap blue
fort this is like a castle fort thing
behind me and it's beautiful because you
can actually stay in there like not many
of these places you can actually stay in
around the world usually they're like a
World Heritage Site or they're just
protected and you can't stay but you can
actually stay in rooms in here and it's
it's amazing the the art and detail that
go into everything even the doorways
like look at the look at the detail in
these carvings it's remarkable and you
have a 360 panoramic view of mountains
like everywhere else we visited here in
northern Pakistan we had some morning
coffee and snacks right here on this
Terrace it was so nice and then way up
there is where we just ate okay so it
looks like we have some where's this
potato or pakora chicken wings samosas
and then a lot of awesome desserts I
don't know what that is my phone and
then over here oh so ground chicken and
herbs inside
like the pastry it's really light and
now we're headed on a three-hour journey
to our next destination
[Music]
whoo okay we were driving and we saw a
huge dust field and there were some kids
in the middle of the dust field playing
soccer so we hopped out of the van we're
headed down there right now to see if we
could join in in a game I think we have
to cross a river
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the game is back this is one of the most
beautiful soccer fields I've ever seen
once and never actually seen soccer
played on sand
[Applause]
somehow we started a marching band in
the street this is crazy
they were all on the roof they saw some
cameras and they jumped off
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
amazing just from one quick stop hopped
out of the bus to see some kids play
soccer I mean these are the experiences
that you really remember when you travel
the in between experiences we weren't
supposed to stop here what we did and
look what happened okay team it is our
last day of the tour in Pakistan today
we're flying back to the capital back to
Islamabad and then I have another day
free and I'm gonna be flying home to see
Kristin and Kai super excited for that
but this this country is just
spectacular hugely underrated and very
unexplored
bye-bye tourists we've barely seen any
tourists on this trip I'm so surprised
that this place isn't more flooded with
with tourism because it's so beautiful
and so friendly
and there's tons to see we've only seen
northern Pakistan blues there's so much
more of the country to see I could
probably spend six months here and not
see everything but we only have half an
hour to get to the airport because our
flight leaves very soon and I hope we
don't miss the flight we're gonna miss
our flight no or not no we're not no
we're not I'm an optimist thank you I
really want to thank Ryan and Z from
CPIC for bringing me here for inviting
me picking me to come here and putting
this entire trip together because you
know it's it's it's such a beautiful
beautiful country and I'm glad that
they're promoting people to come here
trying to change the perception of
Pakistan because it is completely safe
it's very lively it's very friendly and
I just hope more people come here to
experience it
yay like we're gonna make this flight
yeah
we're not gonna make the flame we are
okay round two we're gonna make the
plate I'm optimistic
I think we're barely gonna make it I
think that we're gonna run to the gate
and the door is gonna be half closed and
be like no and make the flight there's a
protest going on in front of us
blocking our route to the airport and
we're so close
flight takes off in like just over an
hour so now we are taking an alternate
route that will take it 10-15 minutes
and but it's nothing are we gonna make
the flights there I hope so okay so
we've made it to the airport but now we
gotta say goodbye grab our bags rush in
and and film so that you guys can see
this journey
laptops are falling zippers are breaking
you don't
don't you an you
yeah and then he's gonna get the card
stick if I already gave them
no chaos chaos Jimmy we we need the
ticket so they can load the bags we
might make it our bags might not make it
won't see don't know if we've made the
play we're gonna see my ticket so I
think this means our gonna make it on
the flight not sure we're not on the
flight yet so not home free yet so this
is our bus to take us to the airplane
and this is our driver to take us to the
airplane not existent there's no driver
where's the airplane man you're you're
bargaining hard you're yelling at that
guy yeah I was fighting for you guys
thank you it's a zubi 2.0 come out I
don't consider it made it until on the
plane and we've taken off
okay I think we made it
I actually very surprised that we made
it be glad we made it that was that was
close that was the closest yeah yeah
absolutely where I think if we were five
minutes later they would let us know
what we're here
life is good we show up better than
comfortable flight thank you for flying
with Pakistan International
[Music]
hey thank you
minute
I can't believe that was a 45-minute
flight back here and it took us 24 hours
to get out into the mountains that's
crazy
okay so my Pakistan adventure has come
to a close about the airport about to
head home I'm excited to go home because
I really miss Kristin and Kai but man I
could have missed this country this
country is phenomenal and the people
have been just so lovely and welcoming
the food has been so rich and delicious
and the landscapes have been some I'll
never forget in my entire life
I really want more people to come here I
really want more people to experience
this to see what we've seen here and I
really want to thank CPIC Ryan and Z and
everyone else that was behind the scenes
putting this trip together you really
did an incredible job showcasing this
country highlighting it's it's mountain
peaks and it's actual peeps and its
people and it's food and it's it's
amazing hotels and thank you thank you
for inviting me here I'm truly honored
and blessed to have been part of this
experience all right guys unrep to
Canada I made it home made it home to my
beautiful family I almost did it that
was that was very close life of a
traveler so do you want to tell the
people what's coming up next yeah so
we're gonna be heading to Saskatchewan
which is a province in Canada we're
gonna be doing some fun family stuff and
you'll get to see a part of Canada that
isn't really showcase much so tune in
for that as well as a Guatemala series I
went by myself with MCA and baby and
Atlas to Guatemala for one of our group
trips with our subscribers our YouTube
subscribers and we had a lot of crazy
adventures and bonding experiences and
stay tuned more hopscotch the globe
coming up next yeah I'm gonna teach you
how to use that one day you're not
amazing
