hey beautiful people today we're gonna
move and shake it with one of my dear
friends Florida fit creator and Frankie
how you doing
listen this may be your first time doing
this type of workout or your first time
working out period I just want you to be
bold be fun the limitless be free and be
you that's give Florida fitted but yeah
hey hey what's up y'all I am so excited
to have you here with me today I have
deja right here I have Rihanna right
here and we are excited to get four fit
so we're gonna start off with a stretch
and warm up let's get ready bro the
heads to the left right make sure you're
breathing
[Music]
to the left maybe early in the morning
for some of you maybe late at night
let's just relax that neck tension loose
and free nice speaking of that let's
roll the shoulders back roll them
forward
nice so let's just take them again let's
just do these big circles to the back
really warm up the shoulders roll up the
back yeah let's go forward
[Music]
alright let's reach over and good nice
side stretch out of it right now let's
go flat back and let's add a little
pulses here yeah thanks and release
[Music]
make sure you're breathing so that all
the blood can flow so that the oxygen
can get to the muscle and it's going to
lunge yeah you want to make sure you
have the knee over the toe let's not be
forward let's not be too far back
yeah to get right in there for good
stretch okay now we can have these
little pulses let's get these hips
opened up nice okay let's bring it
forward walk the hands over have a
stretch it forward
[Music]
it's kind of like move the hips left and
right yeah let me get up hey let's go
forward into a plate let's get this core
working right let's get this core going
whoo yes and if it's hard for the plank
you can always get on your knees just
hold that there either option is good
yeah let's bring it back awesome
now we're gonna open up to our second
show tie these hips a little bit more I
need this one yeah nice roll it up 7 6 5
4 3 2 other way get back on that side
stretch and open little pulses
nice very nice-nice let's come back down
 good let's bring it forward yep
and now let's bring the feet in and
let's roll it up yeah let's go there you
go how you feel don't whine alright well
now it's time to turn it all the way up
let's go
okay so right now we are about to give
Florida feet the first thing we're going
to do is called the gush that's the
primary movement exactly that's how you
can you hear this hey hey that's like a
good you want to think about contracting
the stomach at the same time the pelvic
is going to be thrusting forward right
so you really want to also think about
being in the squat right if not it's
okay if you're up as long as we have the
crunch let's try it four to eight counts
we'll take a break for two a count let's
see how you feel let's go five six seven
eight hunt hey hey nice woo hey for That
Bird and up to okay those steps hey get
back into it let's go five six seven
eight boom nice
whoo stay down here let's push it some
more accounts yeah do that burn let's go
eight by six bring it up oh yeah yeah
nothing in my quads you go down feels
good
we're gonna do that again fish you're
filling it for a count you guys ready
oh yeah let's go five six five six and
good this this this this thanks Vince
this this almost there kids yes this one
mo this this this hey villain yeah
alright so now that you know the goods
that is like the meat the heart in the
soul of the movement okay so now we're
going to go into a drill so the drill
the first move you're gonna cross the
legs and cross the arms it would look
like this criss cross five six seven
eight
criss cross alright after you hit your
criss cross you're gonna kick this left
foot out we have a kick step step and
for the modified version you would just
take two steps so it will look like this
criss cross kick step step five six
seven eight
criss cross kick step step and when I'm
kicking you want to dig that arm down
give you that height yeah so let's try
it one more time
five six seven a criss cross kick step
step awesome
let's try the other way yeah let's try
five six seven eight criss cross kick
step step
Oh how's that feel let's try that one
more time yeah five six seven eight
criss cross kick step step alright so
now we're gonna pick it up let's do it
to the music are you ready will criss
cross kick step step criss cross kick
step step ready yeah
five six five six seven eight
Chris kick step step one more eyes hello
fish let's try that again okay and five
six five six go nine so after you hit
those what I want us to do is just as
three of them okay so wants to go criss
cross kick ball change criss cross kick
ball change criss cross kick ball change
criss cross and then you have a prep
step exactly prep it up take it down
exactly so when you take it down
beginner to the grisha's it's called the
swing you want to throw the arm up side
it by the writing of your ear swing it
forward across the body across and down
across and down across and down yeah you
guys want to try it on your squats yeah
I'm gonna try that getting low low low
low to the flow fired
ready and five six will do for the for
eight counts yeah yeah and five six
seven eight one two hey hey come on
anything swing it and swing it swing it
almost there
yeah swing this thing gets synced 9 whoa
I mean I'm getting low I'm trying to get
love how you good I get alone how you
doing okay
let's try that again 5 6 5 6 s hey si si
si hey come on
whoa get my chicken we got two more egg
counts
I know you filled it five six seven
eight nine you know what let's get a
little water break
how does that fit oh yeah I know your
thighs are burning
I know your abs are crunching and I know
you're feeling good
and you're looking good so let's keep it
going boom boom all right you got some
water
all right let's get back into it yeah
okay so the second move we have is
called the D so the dig you're just
going to brush the arms through like
it's going through water yeah he's gonna
dig down as you continue to crunch yes
all right that's the movement slow we're
gonna go it into our squat I gotta do a
squat with the same tempo you're ready
yeah let's go five six seven and you got
ding-ding-ding-ding yep whoa come on
let's go Hey
come on let's go uh-huh left one nice
how does that feel okay you want to get
into it so you wanna lie to the lip to
the lie right all right
let's speed it up to the tempo y'all
ready we're ready Jim is doing it gone
six boss hey hey hey dig dig dig come on
two more it counts Hey whoa you dig it
whoa come on
pick it up nice that was looking good
all right so now I'm going to try
something I want us to put the swing and
the day together okay yeah so look like
this go to a slow
you got swing it swing it dig it dig
like that swing it swing it dig it dig
how does that feel you want to pick it
up a bit I know you got it in you don't
be scared of me y'all ready let's go six
have yourself on five six five six swing
it swing it sing it diggy diggy swing it
swing it dig it see you dig it one more
sing it sing it dig it dig nice yeah
that's really good let's go the real
good so now I'm gonna take something
back again so you remember our drill yes
okay
so let's go from the top slow we're
gonna do all that it would look like
this you'll go criss cross kick ball
chain
criss cross kick ball tank criss cross
kick ball taste now you've got the prep
room
ha your swing whoo swing dig it
take it yo swing it Hey swing it dig it
and did you yeah
you guys got back I think yeah let's
just pick it up let's just go for it you
know and that's the only way we'll know
if we have it let's try it fine wu-six
let's go five six five six seven Chris
yeah come on
swing swing it think think hey nice yeah
that's fun right let's try that again
five six let's go
let's go drink sing D that's mine I know
you feel that burn let's give yourself a
30-second break let's get some water
let's stretch it out do what you need to
do 30 seconds I'll be right back with
you come on oh yeah that's the workout
oh yeah really gets down into those
quads and those glutes exactly and
you're swinging your arms and throwing
your hands it's honestly everything you
have the core engage you got the thighs
now the glutes the swings help you to
activate your back muscles yeah I mean
it's a full body cardio workout
all right so let's bring it back up in
here we have two moves
we're gonna go step kick ball change
pump it's the same as like the person
move but like that let's try to the left
step kick ball change huh
let's try it again will do back-to-back
slow
you ready five six seven eight kick step
kick ball change pump step kick
tank pump you look good
kick ball change huh all right let's
speed it up you know what time it is
let's go hey that's looking good oh yeah
okay so we are almost there we have the
last movement okay it's called the high
five so you want to just hop pop it up
high five how five is like you're
talking to your best friend
ha ha ha get low but you're talking to
your best where ha ha ha it's like it's
on you to your best man okay so talk to
the advanced me right now will you do
this movement yeah I think I can just
get straight into it yeah let's get in
that squat 5 6 5 6 set Hey ha ha ha ha
it's like it oh good best way ha ha ha
yeah two more eight counts one more it's
like you're talking to your best friend
right I had that feel good okay you know
what let's take it from the top
with the drill the prep step the swing
the dig the step kick ball change pump
and the way ha ha all right so that's
gonna look like this from the top you'll
go criss cross kick ball change criss
cross kick ball change criss cross kick
ball change
criss cross prep step swing swing dig it
dig it step step kick ball change hop ah
whoo one more time swing it swing it dig
it dig it to the bum oh ha ha ha ha yeah
and I get this motion we gotta get that
motion
let's step D yeah see that's what that
looks like
exactly so let's just try it from the
top
I think I really got this I think that
you go for it we can let's just go okay
all right let's Ida Wow five six but
sick
kick ball sex whoa kick monster well
crap step swing it hey did you take it
step kick my taste
haha from the top you got sing-sing dig
it dig it
step kick by taste half my hat back what
I'm feeling that burn are you doing it
one good here I think we could do it
again
let's go wow six have you so far oh wow
let's go well hey Nina
swing swing dig it dig it step kick my
taste half back back back swing swing
dig dig step kick my six-pack back haha
nice you guys huh yes come on give it up
for yourself because I know you guided
their time too right
alright so here we go I hope you didn't
think it was done but we still got some
more time to do Florida beer
alright I know you hear this Timbo we're
gonna do this be are you ready are you
ready let's try it let's go five six
five six
let's go yes
Wow Oh are you feeling that we did it
love a son all right you know what I'm
gonna throw one more at you guys okay
we're gonna go step kick ball change
step step kick ball change step high
five high five dig it dig it remember
this step kick ball change step step
kick my check step high five high first
dig it dig it all right let's go but 600
kick my teeth step kick my taste ha ha
ha dig it looking good really good
here just some water oh we are going to
cool it yeah yeah Wow I'm so grateful
that you guys came to give for the food
with me oh my god I wouldn't wish to be
any other place booked here right now
Wow yeah also thank you so much for
challenging yourself that's so good well
so we're gonna cool down
whoo always great to try something new
always Russians are new for my body to
stop yeah I loved I loved to feel like
all of the feels yeah and that's what
growth comes in you know yeah and that's
what life is about
life is hard you learn something you
grow and then you make it here yeah yeah
all right let's just take some inhales
in eggs house
inhale positivity and love exhaling the
insecurities doubts or fears
inhale the fact that you just made it
through a workout exhale the fact that
you might not think you might make it
through the day because if you can make
it through this you could make it to
anything all right let's just roll down
yeah
who bring it now please
leave it there for a second roll it up
make sure you're feeling each vertebrae
yeah tuck that tailbone under yeah reach
the arms up come back down again I love
having my eyes closed
doing the coup down it's nice to let
your body just lead you through the
little bit yeah it's such a body hang
right now cuz you can do a little sway
have those hips moving
the cooldown is just telling your body
thank you give your body gratitude for
making it through while we do the cool
downs appreciate your body alright let's
go into a downward dog nice take this
moment for yourself awesome
we're gonna take this leg and come in a
pigeon pose yeah just relax there the
deep inhales and exhales you want to get
that oxygen going to the muscles yeah
that feels great
alright let's switch it yeah
inhale exhale awesome just coming to
your cow cat and you know I stretched
that back exhale one more
so now just let your body rest in the
cow pose
coming into Child's Pose that's how
relaxed I am yeah so I want you to stay
there for you to stay right there and
just give yourself so much love for
making it through this workout my god
it's not easy but we made it through
take this time for yourself like I say
to remain grateful thank you for showing
up for yourself because we will do it
for everybody else and for anything else
but we must do it for ourselves and you
did that today by staying committed to
your dreams or goals or by starting your
goals thank you so much let's get
Florida fit baby
[Music]
