are you ready for non-stop boxing
kickboxing and full body burnouts I'm
Kristin Apollo creator of boxing and
bubbles online fitness community this
workout is my BMV signature format
sweatbox all you need for this workout
is a single medium to heavy weight and
let's get ready to sweat welcome to
round one this is called your pre fight
warm-up show me that guard I want you to
open up those hands we're gonna start
with some elbow strikes with your left
elbow get ready to go in three two one
let's hit it
and straight now we're warming up our
lower spine we're also starting to fire
up that core you want to lift up your
heels perfect kind of like this yes yes
keep it going
does it have to be too fast and I like
to keep my hands open on the elbow
strikes up a little bit MMA style versus
boxing and I like it give me four more
here's four three we're gonna squat it
with two straight punches let's go hand
squat one two now while I have you here
I want to introduce to you my ninja
squad I have the birthday girl Fiona
so Fiona's gonna be showing all of the
modifications happy birthday by them
thank you it's forever your birthday now
when they push this place so we need to
modify dial it down for any reason all
eyes on Fiona and I have my girl Nikita
with me so if you want to add the spice
you want to add that hot sauce all eyes
on Nikita sit back in those heels your
back is tall your abs are tight target
zone for the face give me four more
beautiful here's three blasts - we're
gonna finish with some uppercuts get
ready and go uppercuts right here
targets don't underneath the chin now
well just are walking those legs a
little bit wide we're gonna take it for
some boxer squats
we'll take it down for two counts and up
for two counts alright and three - what
let's go down to sink those heels into
the ground now the uppercuts even though
we're in our neutral stance I'm with
them underneath the chin alright always
visualize those target zone perfect
keep it going I'm already under breath
down Jim and by the way if you want to
have a little layer of badassery to your
next beam be smut - yes your sweatbox
wet sash you can grab these Callie
active being be quick wraps on my shop
page keep it goin down - to see the good
last one all right I want you to hold
those uppercuts right here now what
we're gonna do are two mini jacks and to
Crescent means all right and three two
one it doesn't need to be it out fast in
out and out there we go open up those
hips we do have some roundhouse kicks in
your near future
Fiona is just tapping it perfect give me
four more hands in that guard position
abs are tight here's three three go for
last two all right one more beautiful
now hold it here we're gonna go for some
wide butt kicks and four and three and
two let's go now we're stretching out
those quads start bringing it in heels
into your glutes we're gonna do a jack
it's a fighting jack with an all
training snap hips and four three two
let's go Jack
snap it perfect now we're stretching out
those hamstrings light on those feet
there we go point that toe snapping from
the knee beautiful work
give me four here's three last two we're
gonna shuffle it four times to your left
let's go four three two cross body
punches right there four three two one
now throughout the workout I'm going to
ask you some questions I'm gonna check
in and I make your life so easy guess
what the answer is
hell yes all right so let's practice
this are you ready
can you take it off
okay last one
light on those feet we are warm yes
okay body's warm mind is bright let's
get ready for round two this is called
sweat boxing show me that guard we have
three minutes on the clock and show me
your boxer shuffle all right at home
you're headed southpaw we are headed
Orthodox all right
right foot forward your left foot is
back in three two and one take it from
the top you have a jab cross jab cross
clip left clip right add in lethal body
a lead hook head rear uppercut from the
top slow let's go one two one two flip
left slip right lead hook plot head and
uppercut target don't let's talk about
it
you have the face lean forward on the
slips right here ribs side the chin
underneath the chin just one more I know
it's a lot to think about
visualize it think about it get ready in
four three two
show me go one two one two flip flip
five one two one two
flip flip think about your target zones
on the power punches especially that
hook body that hook head and the
uppercut use your legs as you know
that's how you generate all the power in
boxing and that's how we're gonna sculpt
that beautiful core right especially
those obliques one two one two
slip flip by head nice work
now believe it or not we're adding on
can we do more and then we'll add on I
want you to become a pro that go for
success
last one all right take it from the top
slow what's that on one two one two slip
left slip right we hook body head
uppercut adding on it we're gonna add
how a traveling Bob and need step with
your left foot then your right
just one more one more slow from the top
one two one two
slip left
right put five head uppercut travel it
step into it knees are soft abs are
tight I'll be right have some fun yeah
let's go one two one two
slip slip five heads up light on those
feet hands are guard it's not fun one
two one two slip slip odd head up the
bobbin weave focus on your core there's
a method to the madness of Aki right
we're working head-to-toe full-body we
have your obliques covered with the
slips then firing up your entire core
with the bob and weave I think it's kind
of fun also to bring the footwork into
it right ninjas yes yeah keep it up
under oh my gosh I kind of like this
[Music]
there we go
watch you watch you slip slip a little
more power as we start feeling a little
fatigue right
that's we want you to punch a little
partner if you have an ear at home I
always suggest take a look if you can
just to see your form and technique it
makes a huge difference
all right okay give me one more one more
point shoot once you slip flip body head
now I want you to finish with your hand
over head and three two one yes Amanda
all right so on deck we have a weighted
below-the-belt Burnham so grab your way
we're gonna set up you're gonna hold a
right here with the handle be a little
wider than hip distance apart we're
gonna go for a deadlift
so shoot your hips to the back of the
room next neutral with your spine pop it
up goblet squat sink back to those hips
pop it back down step to your right
and then go for that sumo squat try it
again
all the way down focusing on your quads
there but your glutes seem Fatima's his
backs all abs tighten take a step out
your feet are four right here
heads neutral there we go and then when
you step out I want you take a big step
out bring your toes out corner to corner
and then reset below the belt burnout I
love it keep it going there we go
I think it's fun to bring in the
strength training because the cardio
kickboxing is such a high cardio this is
such a great way to Train incorporating
our strength training if you're
wondering also keep accountable of your
reps this is it this is it this will
work the other side yes okay so plays it
down get ready we have to work your
other scans all right
so three minutes on the clock get ready
show me that guard show me that boxer
shuffle now we're headed south ha at
home you're headed Orthodox alright
let's get ready to work and three two
one here we go
one two one two slip right slip left it
for five hook head
uppercut let's try it again target zones
face lean into the slips rib side of the
chin underneath the chin perfect
last two while we demo this is a little
active recovery for you so get your
breath and then we're going for a last
one girls are you ready
[Music]
one show me go what to once you slip
slip fun head power I know it sometimes
you favor a side this is my weird side
for me I don't know about you that's the
perfect time to really stay
conscientious of what we're doing
right
extend those punches for your straight
punches there we go lean into it
power are you using your legs hell yes
you are
you know it's funny I bet you're you're
doing all these punches someone walks in
the room right like why do you keep
yelling hell yes the TV are you crazy
oh my god
apologies in advance for that all right
he runs out slow 1 2 1 2 slip right left
hook 5 hook head a dear traveling
bob-and-weave to your right step into it
with that right foot and then step into
it the left feel a little funky first
but you'll get the hang of it 1 2 1 2
slip right left but head power light on
your feet back is tall abs are tight we
ready to have some fun in 3 2 1
show me go 1 2 1 2 slip slip by head up
under - there you go you have 1 2 1 2
let's flip up perfect
now I know this can seem a little
complicated at first especially if
you're new to boxing it's okay I don't
want you to be hard on yourself
Ryan practice makes what progress not
perfection
I screw up all the time
I'm sure he'll see it today so don't be
hard on yourself it takes time it's a
skill the more you push play the more
you show up the more you practice the
better and the easier it's gonna get for
you I promise alright so continue
showing up and continue punching with
that alright keep it up remember on the
last one we want to see those hands
overhead because you are a freaking
champ I like to see things I don't know
why well flip spread this is your last
leg get ready to put those hands up here
we go
three two one yeah okay so now we're
gonna get to that other link because of
my cueing and I talked so much I never
am accountable for any reps but please
at home make sure that you're aware all
right so we're going back to your below
the belt turnout feet a little wider
than hip distance apart let's go shoot
those hips to the back focus on those
hands focus on those glutes pop it up
squat it pop it down toes out to the
corner thanks DMO squad so for my BMD
members so goblet squats I might act
like your goblet or your chalice is full
of your favorite margarita you want to
hold it out in front of you you don't
want to drop your margarita mine I have
champagne in my goblet I don't know
about you sorry if you're watching this
first thing you're more tears like
absolutely terrible you're holding your
goblet here
it's boxing in bubbles by the way
totally appropriate Nikita what's in
your goblet
oh you know I think it's it's a
margarita today is it am I really spicy
I'm spicy you're a girl I'm gonna say
wine oh okay I don't even know what I'm
doing so I'm just like fascinated on
what they're bringing this is the last
one hopefully it's riding in happy hour
and you're watching this alright last
one before yes oh all right so you have
45 seconds to do you wipe off your
sweater if you need to take a sip of
water
so I'm gonna quickly tell you a little
bit about what to expect for round 3 so
round 3 is called sweat kicking so we're
focusing on just a kicking drill I just
wanted to split up our body lower body
and in full body right so it's a kicking
drill done in your neutral stance just
like round two three minutes on each
side this time we're gonna bring in 60
seconds of an above the belt for now
okay are you ready
thank you you got the drinks by the way
all right here we go
show me that guard show me that boxer
shuffle all right three minutes on the
clock
bring your feet hip distance apart once
again we're working our neutral stance
you're ready to work in three two -
fighting shots right here punch those
hands to the ceiling
- snap kicks right then let point your
toe right here step it into a squat to
your right turn your hips for a
roundhouse put your toe repeat alright
take it from the top slow you have two
jacks
Muniz just tapping it and she can play
with her range of motion whatever it is
I want you to do you why because you are
about us modified or not last one here
we go punch through the ceiling light on
those feet
abs are tight snap point shoot those
hips to the back of the room turn your
hips so important for the roundhouse
let's get ready and three not too fast
two and one up - snap - squat roundhouse
yes
yes - snap - now like I said this one is
a little advanced don't get frustrated
if our tempo is too fast which I'm
slowing it down take it slower it's more
about form and technique instead of
speed all right now protect your knee on
the Roundhouse you want to turn your
hips to the ground you know I'm just
gonna share this with you
I started thinking something so negative
I was on a plane for five and a half
hours yesterday just to come and do
sweat boxes yeah
my hips are so tight I was thinking
you're gonna look back on this video
you're gonna cringe and see how low well
I don't even know summer - the point is
why am I thinking that I showed up I'm
working
why are we so damn hard on ourselves we
really should be kinder to ourselves
women feel like what is this going to
end
we should talk to ourselves as we talk
to our friends right you're doing the
best you can
you're perfect exactly where the heck
you are can I get a hell yes
okay I thought my pep talk or take their
mind off of the pain but maybe not oh my
god whoa stay with me ah all right now
on your snap kick you're focusing on
your quad and your core oh my god I was
hoping for a timer malfunction yeah
sorry my fault no shame in the game a
bug developer now let's go grab your
weight breathe try not to call the
paramedics her knee feet hip distance
apart all right we have a bicep curl we
have a shoulder press triceps extension
now what I want you to do is bring it
down to your chest for two halos keep it
close to your head is that fun my bun
doesn't like that everybody so focus on
the biceps shoulders elbows tight
triceps Bri down to your chest
halo so with the halo you have some
shoulder activation and you have some
core keep those knees soft abs tight
squeeze think and focus on what we're
working I like the fun here yes
I swear here watching this some morning
we're not shooting this in the morning
Oh Harry I squeeze elbows tight alright
I fail to tell you but 50 dead this is
it last halo and around here oh my god
okay I'm slightly crying thinking about
what's coming next
okay we have to word the other side
don't worry we bought this yes feet hip
distance apart three minutes on the
clock
show me that guard boxer shuffle bring
your feet in neutral stance we're
working the other side get ready in
three two nice and slow get your breath
for two this time snap Wes put your toe
right take it over to your left
squat turn your hips so important take
this time to look at your form a
technique you have to turn those hips
down perfect point those toes targets
don't either growing or up underneath
the chin shoot those hips back sink into
your heels
perfect just so I can get my breath and
qu Lamar up here's - snap - we're not
gonna go so fast don't worry all right
let's get ready to have some fun in
three two one go I know - snap - squat
so we were talking about not judging
ourselves right so one day your kicks
are high one day your kicks are low who
cares right you showed up and that's
really all that matters
trust me I modify all the time and my
hips are tired from traveling that's
okay it is absolutely okay
you should be proud you push play right
perfect
oh my god keep it going how are you
feeling at home yes
how we feeling terrible horrible my legs
feel like spaghetti not al dente
spaghetti super overcooked falling apart
spaghetti that's how I feel I'm just
putting it out there I'm just saying
what you're thinking right keep it real
that's what we do here at baby keepin it
real sweat boxing it out okay when I
start getting tired weird strange things
come out 20 seconds of sheer hell that
seems to be the theme helmet alright
keep going what do we work in here
lungs fought hard yes your Stern your
grain yes we don't talk about that my
body connection enough we're not just
strengthening head to toe we're working
your brain which is pretty cool Oh God
last 103 you've got this we've got this
put your hands up overhead
okay okay okay
forget we're going backs here above the
Bell Burnell we're so excited we're so
excited
try burly now you're a bunch and enjoys
you know what to do let's get ready to
work in three two feet hip distance
apart here we go
bicep curl shoulder press triceps
extension up
we're get down to your chest and there
we go keep the halo closed I just
realized how much I'm painting
like I said swept off it's not easy
now if you become a member of my boxing
balls for this community what do you get
you get this you get sweat box you also
get a gazillion other workouts and
what's so cool I would differentiate it
I give you a new workout every single
week whoa thank you I deserved it with
ya
[Music]
am I doing this right did I screw
anything up because my mom is away way
okay
yeah ask Fiona look she's doing it
without the weight and I'm sweating
daddy
this is your last one by the way and I
get I fell to mention it earlier but
because like I said my mouth gets in the
way but grab a household items grab a
water bottle that was it
right get creative pets don't work trust
me don't work but you can do it without
wait so you will still reap the same
rewards and benefits feel 47 45 second
breather I can barely talk yeah but uh
yes weights to me is what really changes
up your fitness regimen it's so
important to do both cardio and
strength-training
I always suggest investing in one set a
weed and I would suggest going a little
heavier than you think you can go
because it's inevitable you will get
stronger right yeah great oh great okay
I just don't like it
can I get hey welcome to Round 4 this is
sweat kickboxing we're gonna put those
punches those kicks in the mix together
show me that guard Joanna boxer shuffle
we're headed Orthodox at home you are
headed southpaw get ready for it in
three two one
show me that guard you have a jab a hook
under give me two rear diagonal elbow
strike open up those hands let's try it
again
jab hook under strike it one and then to
target those let's talk about it face
side of the chin getting out of the way
of an incoming hook right for the temple
last one slow jab hook oh my god this is
so much fun
you're ready anymore and three not too
fast let's go jab hook under strike two
we're working a little bit of everything
right now I'm just doing the punches
we're gonna get the kicks in the mix in
a second so we're working shoulders we
have your core serious core action on
the elbow strike
she'll need some power there we go yeah
under Shh you can breathe
it helps sound effects are completely
beautiful last one bring it take it from
the top flow and add on this wait until
you feel jab hook under to bring your
hands up jump in a strike back push and
you're poor look behind you
front push option for a keel click to
reset one more jab hook under strike two
you know I lied I want to set you up for
success I just want to give you one more
just for safety all right well we're
slowly jab hook under hands up abs tight
that's power hands up overhead if you
want to show you the modification and
watch her all right get ready three two
one go
Jeff hook under strike two hands up drop
push push reset
I love you feels like no it's not
martial arts it's just fun it's cardio
kickboxing and it keeps that heart rate
up
all right now that jumping knee strike
you're taking someone's head to your
knee and a little aggressive but that's
what you're thinking so give me power
strike on the push kicks it's all about
your glutes and your hamstrings so drive
through your heel and your hips all
right keep those hands up like you have
the magnet in your chin your sparring
partner punches back by the way
thirty Seconds isn't this fun hell yes
here it is
here it is all right keep it up run with
air we're almost at the finish line
keep it up keep it up all right last one
you're ready to bring those hands
overhead I love that part you deserve it
you absolutely deserve it so we're gonna
do knock out ABS I love this next
exercise coming up for 60 seconds super
works lower body upper body now we're
gonna hit your core
now if you want to grab a mat or a towel
totally up to you
place your feet ups we're gonna do a
kayak you're gonna go one way the other
way you're gonna roll it back is that
great you could try to keep your feet on
let's go oh hi ACK the other way I told
you no I'm cueing you and I'm probably
gonna mess up I want you to try to kayak
in the different direction back is tall
abs are tight beautiful I just like
Fiona showing you you don't need weights
now anything with abs I always say drop
a weight I think that it's more
important safety right you want to
protect that lower back so if anything
doesn't feel right seriously do you
because what what did I say because you
are badass no matter what modified or
not sometimes people still feel so
guilty / modify you really shouldn't
it's smart try to go in two different
directions I know completely screwing
this up stay with me and you're getting
a little bicep action too by the way
okay okay are you ready balance is out
yes yes oh yeah hell yes let's do this
yeah feet a little wider than hip
distance are so me i guard show me a
boxer shuffle okay bring it to your
thoughts my new fans bring Sal Punk get
ready to work in three two one let's go
Jeff hook under to elbow strikes let's
talk about those targets on one more
time all right
face side of the chin they're getting
out of the way an incoming hook temple
perfect
two more jab hook
now best time to focus on your form of
technique is when now when we're
fatigued all right let's get ready in
three and two and wanna let's go
jab hook under now I don't think I
talked about the hook too much you want
to find it 90-degree angle with your
elbow power behind your heels that's
where it comes from
perfect all right you're like let's add
the fun stuff so let's get right into it
two more I want you to master this first
last one we're gonna take it over the
top slow and let's go slow you have a
jab hook honor two strikes get ready for
that jumping knee strike
hands up overhead light on your feet
pangäa push through your heel push
through your heel option alright again
Jeff hook under strike it now we talked
about your knee strike you're going for
midline of the body on the push kicks
all right last one slow and we'll have
some fun here we go jab hook under two
strikes
yes all right we're ready to pick this
up strike push all right and three two
one show go jab hook Hollander strike
two
jump push push you're probably thinking
why are you doing about Chris pick
because already just because we're
fighting multiple people in behind us
and someone in front of us that's why
too much here going keep it going
yes your ninja life is hard
we are working on it we are doing it
keep it going oh by the way you probably
are wondering what the heck is boxing a
bubble Dean you're like what are we
boxing and drinking Karen Pannell tea
know if heavenly has that sounds no
boxing bubbles represents finding your
perfect balance of fitness and fun all
right
so whatever that is to you I like to
emphasize not beating ourselves up and
enjoying a piece of pizza or a glass of
champagne or a glass of wine without the
guilt attachment we're human so I wanted
it to be relatable right because we're
not perfect last one
and life you should enjoy it today okay
knock out ABS 60 seconds we're taking it
to the ground I'm adding a progression
because I love you so much
here we go now I notice my back started
making really odd sounds so I'm gonna
place this behind me if you want to grab
yours you can okay you want to try to go
in the opposite direction let's pick up
those feet kayak one way the other way
let's go now you're gonna bring your
feet down negative crunch milk at three
two one back up here we are kayak roll
it negative crunch just because I love
you all the way down and up I have no
clue which way I'm Billy so ignore me
the girls probably have it right
you know not to watch me they know not
to watch me they're gonna project
okay oh my god isn't this fun
that's how I love sweatbox it's I
sprinkle in different parts of the
category so when you sign up to be a
bossy and bubbles member you get all
these different workouts you get
sweatbox but we also have this your last
one by the way what did I do is it
negative crunchy gasps this is it thank
you thank you so much for keeping me
light but you get sweatbox you get
straight training you get jump rope if
you get core I bring in guest trainers
hello hello and they come to Miami visit
me 45 second quick break but you get all
these great different categories and you
get to choose your own workout adventure
so for example you pick your warmup you
pick your workout you pick maybe an
add-on kind of like ordering off the
menu
yes and it's just really cool because
you get to just play with it and have
fun with it and change it up so it never
gets monotonous take a sip of water
let's get ready for round five these are
called your sweat box burnout drills
right sight I try say that Boxberger
girl so I can't even say some straight
lunges I have four drills for you we're
gonna practice them together first one
is switch stance we're gonna mirror you
your left foot is for you have a jab you
have a cross you have an up up a hook
and switch jab cross lead up rear hook
our rear uppercut in twitch illustrate
box one two up hook switch one two
now we're get a little faster and lofty
once you hook George last one bet your
fat feed I don't even know if I said
that right but whatever okay
Chuck no one likes the word Burpee so
I'm calling it a tuck it's really a tuck
jump rupee we're gonna practice it so
I'm gonna say tuck let's go option for
your pushup
option for your tuck jump just one fast
beat Fiona showed you the modification
all right
they're drilling squat and turn quarter
turn spots
let's go away squat turn squat two more
I'll count these down last one
alright fourth and final drill Oh God
fighting play jacks I'm nervous bring it
down to the ground we're doing a plaint
chat but with an elbow strike Fiona's
just tapping it give me four three light
on your feet two one Oh are we
officially ready yes we are here we go
Chuck why why because I love you that's
why Chuck I love the squandered down
light on those feet push those hips in
the back of the room give me two more
Ian's last one Messi well and let's go
for another one switch stance go 1 2 up
up hook switch 1 2 up up there you go
give me four more let those punches fly
last to do one more beautiful that's me
Oh God
you knew what's coming Chuck yes
do you remember it's okay to modify
fighting Jax go head neutral with your
spine you want to keep your hips stable
we have a lot of that core we're also
strengthening those shoulders give me
four three two ninja is how we doing
whoa they're so good
squad turn let's hit it shoot those hoes
back light on those feet four more
I love these last two one more that's
B's three punches go switch stance here
we go once you cook this is all about
getting breathless right we're going the
distance this is the end of the fight
stay with us
I was so motivating with it last one
dusty you knew what's coming guys music
60 seconds on the clock Chuck here we go
exhalation the top of the push-up light
on your feet yes fighting jacks pitted
oh my gosh is everyone still with me to
back up oh my gosh I love switch dance
drill so we're gonna do it again
switch dance hit it watch you hook
breathe you totally have this we're
doing it with you right here with you
keep it up class to think of how amazing
you're gonna feel after this is done
that's me
squandered down there we go Oh two more
15 seconds yes we're almost there
Chuck it's such a good finale isn't any
fast beat one more Chuck we got this
stay with us yes amazing amazing
birthday girl amazing you are amazing
welcome to Round six this is your post
by cool down big breath in through nose
actually we're gonna take three deep
breaths all together
if you hip-distance big breath in big
breath out through your mouth you should
feel so good
plus do two more this was not an easy
workout you should feel so proud and you
even see me struggling along with you
right so don't judge your workouts you
showed up like I said you push play
perfect we're gonna bring that foot out
bring that ear side-to-side keep
breathing so proud you know I always
talk about pushing playing like why did
you show up it's always nice to revisit
why I just give me two more while you
push play while you show up circle this
time right here and maybe you push play
and show up to feel stronger so we're
confident you're like a badass yes I
hope it's all three of those take it a
little lower I show up four right here
for mental health because exercise
specifically boxing a kickboxing it's
like my magic little pill to more I
battle anxiety I don't even remember
what I haven't had it stretch out those
biceps so this is so important for me
because if I'm not good up here I'm not
good for you and I bet for anyone brain
across your body so it's nice to think
about your why because I think that just
helps motivate you gives you that little
extra push
wrap it around tricep and it helps you
stay accountable right
yes yes all right bring that head
forward and back so Nakia what's here
why similar I feel like working out
especially boxing kickboxing keeps me
present right it's so easy to get in
your head so whenever I feel like I'm
like so in my head it's helpful to
really move my body so and you also have
exciting credu I do and I've had it
pretty much my whole life and it's write
a hole to like both empower people by
working out together yes and I like
moving in my own body because then you
just discover what you can do and what
you're capable right and boxing is so so
cathartic give me one more and all that
aggression out thank you for sharing
that because I think it's nice to know
that a lot of people suffer from anxiety
and how right prevalent it is and you're
not alone so thank you for sharing
Fiona birthday girl why do you share it
because honestly I usually so now look
at you doing boxing unleash your real
inner warrior right and it does help
right and of course I like to entry haha
that's so important because thank you
for bringing that up she said she likes
to eat and likes to have her wine right
take a little lower and it's about
balance I can't stress that enough
that's so important
you shouldn't feel guilty if you have
that slice of pizza or that glass wine
or whatever it is your doughnut let's
say it eat it all the time I'm just
saying don't feel guilty about it right
and that's why we work out let's take a
right here lateral lunge that's why we
work out a little strong you feel
confident to battle anxiety to feel good
to feel empowered and just to enjoy life
you know right here yes exactly
we're gonna bring that elbow up open up
that chest and then bring it back down
thanks for sharing that because I just
think people sometimes we all forget
what you know why why we show up why we
please fly open up that chest all the
way there we go and work the other side
so thank you for showing up with it
today and pushing play runners lunge
let's open up that chest give me that
little elbow strike bending that elbow
opening up that chest squeezing those
shoulder blades together you can also
pick up your arm all the way up like
fiona is doing which is perfect bring
that hand all the way up there we go
hold it and let's bring it back down to
Center roll it up slowly there we go
all right so bring your feet together
we're gonna do three final breaths as a
squad with your right arm big breath in
big breath in through the nose out
through the mouth and what you'll leave
your hand out there and repeat after me
I am strong I am strong yes you are
bringing into your body we can you
gather hands big breath in through the
nose big breath through the mouth leave
your hand out there and repeat after me
I am confident I am confident yes you
are bringing into your body one final
breath all together big breath in
through the nose big breath out through
the mouth leave your hands out there
repeat after me I am capable and
absolutely anything I mean absolutely
anything and yes you are oh you're
amazing thank you so much that was
sweatbox make sure to join our DMV
Facebook community BB squad it's not
just the workouts it's really about the
community and all the support that you
get which i think makes it so special
and you have like this seriously all
these ninjas cheering you on it's so
awesome thank you to my squad Nikita
amazing Fiona you're awesome you're
great amazing and into an excellent
fashion
you
[Music]
