welcome it to your pre-fight warm up
feet a little wider than hip distance
apart your knees off your abs are tight
show me that guard we're gonna get into
a bob and weave in three two one
let's go and under the bob and weave we
start firing up your core warming up
that lower back your hands are in your
garden position elbows tight to the body
and let's get ready for a full-body
knockout right girls
yeah keep it going give me four more
right here here's four three two show me
those straight punches right here and
one two now while I have you here I'm
gonna introduce to you my ninja squad
I have tip with me today and she's going
to be showing you all the modifications
so whatever reason you need to dial it
down all eyes on tip and I have my ninja
with me Casey so Casey if you want to
spice things up add a little hot sauce
all eyes on her now get ready we're
gonna bring these across our body in
four three two cross body punches let's
go you want to drive through the punch
visualize going all the way through the
side of the wall you want to lift your
heels up for power continuing to warm up
that lower spine beautiful work just
give me a few more right here and we're
gonna take it to some uppercuts get
ready in four and three and two show me
those uppercuts let's go targets them
underneath the chin now ninja if we
could speed this up as fast as okay of
course we can't we need to get that
heart rate up get ready to go in three
two one shoeshine it out get a little
bit of speed nice video sure you can
looma sure you can
in four three squat and hook right here
and squat
hook it elbow 90-degree angle lift up
that heel for power sit back on those
heels back is tall abs are tight power
beautiful give me four
here's three last two now we're just
gonna turn these into some body shot
body shot let's go right for the ribs
one of my favorite I have so many now
here we go and lift up those heels for
power beautiful now on dad we're gonna
do some wide butt kicks get ready in
four three two [ __ ] hits go drive your
heels into your glutes we're stretching
out the front side of your quads pump
those arms
light on your feet now at home you're
gonna go southpaw we're headed Orthodox
if your right foot is forward your left
foot is back you're gonna give me a jab
and a hook and three two one let's go
jab hook it you know your two target
zones you have the face side of the chin
so the pre-fight warm-ups a great time
for you just to go over the basics so
once we get into your drills and your
combos you're a pro give me four more
here's three last two one more showed me
some uppercuts go and power I love a
rear uppercut lift up that heel there we
go we're gonna entire core give me four
three back to your wide buck chase let's
go we need to even this out
all right ninjas where we headed you're
headed Orthodox let's go light on those
feet heels up into your glutes pump your
arms three two jab jab and hook it there
we go snap those punches give a
rubberband attached to your chin
attached to your fist snap them back
beautiful work four more here's four
here's three of us creep I want to surf
let's go up feel like this is the
warm-up keep it good but it really is
the perfect time for you to just go over
the basics go over your body mechanics
or policemen it can get a little crazy
once we get going
in forehead right three two you're wide
butt kicks here we go last time
now we're gonna take it to a squat with
the ball training snap kick so we can
warm up your hamstrings light on the
feet for three squat and snap let's go
squat point that tip now it's still the
warm-up you're gonna notice that tip on
her kicks she's gonna play with her
range of motion I want you to listen to
your body and I want you to do you right
because why you are a badass modified or
not it's so important that you take it
at your own pace this is your workout
give us four more beautiful here's three
stay with this last two one more air
jump lets go light on your feet
big breath in through the nose out
through the mouth now we're gonna finish
it off with some high knees while we're
jumping and three two one let's go light
on those feet drag those knees up tip is
right there doing a single knee drive
give me eight seven six five final four
three two one and warm all right who is
officially ready for your full-body
knockout we're ready
sign me up we're gonna do each stance
for three minutes followed by a
60-second full body conditioning
movement in between you got it girl
we've got this right yeah show me your
guard
show me your boxer shuffle we're headed
Orthodox at home you're headed southpaw
three minutes on the clock get ready in
three two one
show me that guard jab cross hook under
two rear hooks to the body all right you
have this we're just doing a boxing
drill first all right that's up first
we're gonna add on to this let's talk
about your target zones
face side of the chin getting out of the
way of an incoming punch and then right
for the ribs one more time slow we'll
pick it up 1 2 3
ponder two hooks to the body in 3 2 1
show me go jab cross hook under body
shot there we go
1 2 3 under Baptist halt abs are tight
you want to keep your eyes up on your
opponent we're in the ring right now
right yeah you're smart martyr
punches back protect that chin 1 2 3
under body body jab cross hook let those
punches snap let them fly the hook to
the body so good for the core find that
rotation find that power
how we feeling about this new dress good
yeah two more we're gonna add on do I
love adding on last one we're gonna work
their feet now take it from the top slow
slow jab cross hook under two rear hooks
to the body now we're traveling up
forward with a jab step into it with
your lead leg for two then rear cross
back for two just one more I know you
have it let's try again slow one two
three under two rear hooks to the body
step with your lead leg step into your
jab then you step back with your cross
in four three two let's go one two three
under body step into it jab for two
cross for two go one two three under how
much fun is this
before so fun and I love because boxing
the tendency is to stay in one spot so
I'm forcing you to move your feet
because in the ring you need to move
around right yep exactly
today and I think when we start moving
our feet it engages the brain more which
is really exciting right boxing and
kickboxing not only strengthens you our
tones you up and sculpt you head to toe
it what it strengthens your brain and we
don't talk about that enough the
mind-body connection which I absolutely
love and it makes you forget that you're
absolutely dying 1 2 3
under body now if you start to get
fatigued I get it
that's the one we want you to punch a
little harder give us a little more
power 15 seconds on the clock drive it
up back let's go 1 2 3
under keep those hands up hey keep it up
alright you just give me one more last
one last one power we'll walk it up take
a little further there you go
and done awesome alright on Zach we have
a 60 second conditioning movement we're
gonna work a squat in a snap kick got it
yeah simple shouting all right
I know meet you by the way you're clean
your baby quick wrap serve a double
purpose you can go like this I told you
we're all right Scott and staff on deck
in three gyms show me that guard here we
go
and squat snap kick now Kasey's kicks
are what passed her head right she's
snapping from the knee now tip has she's
playing with range of motion like I said
sometimes we get a little hard on
ourselves myself included when we don't
feel like we're doing it perfect enough
well first of all perfect doesn't it
I want you to accept where you're at
some days your cakes are gonna be a
little higher
sometimes minor down here and guess what
you showed up you push play and you
should be so proud of that right back is
tall abs are tight
there we go I always do that I beat
myself up and I look back at because I'm
like a roundhouse kick
[ __ ] I'm like why do I do that would
never say that to a friend right ever
you know very kind to yourself to more
last you say that again yes amen okay
we're gonna balance it out three minutes
in your office's chance to you're headed
Orthodox we're headed southpaw
let's get ready to go show me that guard
show me that boxer shuffle and then just
let's take it to your opposite stance
and three two from the top slow jab
cross hook under cheer right rear hook
to the body target zones it's always
nice to think about it face side of the
chin getting out of the way of an
incoming punch right for the ribs snap
your punches back one to ninety degree
angle with that elbow hands up there we
go last one and we're gonna have some
fun one two three on earth let's get
ready to go and four and three and two
show me up one two three under five five
hey hey I know the body shot just
excited right
but I do get to be excited just all
around I feel like I just like turned it
up lightning speed keep it up now you
want to continue to visualize the
punches
what are we feeling what are we
sculpting a lot of shoulders boxing is
all core centric right so you're always
working your core always engaging your
abs think about what you're doing if you
have a mirror in front of you I always
suggest look in the mirror let's do two
more we're gonna add on one two three
under it really helps seeing yourself
last one bring it from the top slow in
three two one
here we go check cross hook under two
ear hooks to the body Travel it up with
that jab lead lace step into your jab I
know it feels a little weird at first
but trust me you're gonna love it cross
it that's what she just one more from
the top slow here we go one two three
under two hooks to the body power bring
you back to your guard step into your
jab find the link in your arm and then
find the length in your cross and four
and three and two let's have fun but go
one two three under five step it up
knees are soft
alright try to avoid locking your knees
it's gonna make it so much easier to
travel ninjas do you think we can travel
a little farther for their board one two
three let's try it this is what we want
you to do step up back alright
jab cross hook challenge yourself now
that you're getting the hang of it make
those steps a little wider one two three
under I don't know about you I am
dripping sweat
bomani knockout induces the sweat yeah
and we're wearing our BMP quick wraps
which yes serve as a towel but they also
serve as a little extra layer of
badassery yeah I said it
you put them on right you're like
automatically a ninja 10 seconds which
means what will Morgan point shoot 3
under 5 body this is usually so amazing
squat and snap killing it let's do it
for killing it you're killing it
that's seems telling it before I fall on
my face killing it and then I die ok
show me that garden squat Internet let's
go down snap kick now what are we
working on this yeah pretty much below
the belt on the squad feel your glutes
your hamstrings you feel your quads now
in the snap quad and what pork nice and
controlled go range of motion you know
is up to you I want you to do you you're
fine you're perfect exactly where you
are
yes so if I didn't mention it if you
have a set of light hand weights at home
grab on I feel like when we put the
quick wraps on I don't even need on yeah
they're not weighted by like I said they
just make the throwing the punches so
much more fun Yeah right yeah make it to
develop it does it right house it's like
I'll assume you think you become
superhuman right right I can't breathe
human and I can't get my breath right
now I might say like I'm doing so
amazing no I follow her maybe two more
last two last one
amazing okay we're taking me quickest 30
second breather if you need to take a
really quick sip of water towel down
like this do it so on deck we're gonna
get into combo two now combinations just
mean you were meshing your punches and
we're meshing your kicks together things
are gonna get all sorts of serious in
here it's that serious
we have a crescent kick and you're near
future don't worry tip has you covered
you can always work up to it and on this
one are we adding a progression right
now we are okay this is really fun so
okay if he's gonna be all about the hot
sauce all right here we go
I know didn't feel like that I only paid
no time hands up scarred
boxer shuffle we're headed Orthodox
you're headed southpaw let's go in three
two one
we have a block rear block hook cross
step lead Crescent kick okay looks like
a pancake again lead block rear block
lead hook cross step toe can be pointed
toe can be flex it's up to you block
find that rotation power cross step
modification right there nothing wrong
with that last one block block this was
so fun their forehead immune apart three
ninja time go blah blah hook cross step
press it there we go not too fast now
the blocks you're actually blocking your
face from an incoming punch what does
that mean I mean you better block your
face from
that means you want to be touching your
temple your elbows are tight and guess
what it's a sneaky way of working your
entire core block block the Crescent
it's all about your quad it's all about
your core now believe it or not bring
out on to this what to Mars
shake it up hey we're keeping that my
ride last one take it from the top slow
in three two one here we go block block
hook cross step Crescent we're adding
three snap kicks bring it back step
close a space we put your toe then rear
then lead all right reset let's try it
again
block block hook cross and love that
punching combination is so fun step it
in lead snack we're ready to go for it
yeah we're ready this and three bring it
on - bring it on go block block hook
cross step press it reset step it in
step two three KC young ready to show
the hot sauce yep by yourself all right
Scott KC to go for a heel click click
hey cross oh I know it's not martial
arts but it's damn fun but walk put just
as a little layer of intensity right yep
keep it up keep it up it pay a buck what
hands are up abs are tight we've got
this step point point point reset are we
loving it I had so many things I wanted
to say to you and then I say in my head
please be quiet so you can concentrate
I'll sing it on her breathe keep it up
so see what I just did I omitted the hot
sauce right there styler it down at any
time breather legs low who cares
this is your workout feel good about it
no matter your kicks are high your
punches aren't as strong who cares
all right you're perfect exactly where
you are this is it everyone
This Is It this is it this is it Hey
okay I'm feeling kind of evil right now
I'm feeling really sweaty all right
yes you have your fashionable very wet
rat we have in the tuck burpees now what
I want to preface this with if you need
to stop it's okay all right
we're gonna show you plenty of
modifications knee tuck Burpee opt real
push-up uphill knee tough we're gonna go
at a slow pace we're gonna milk this and
three two let's go option for the play
shop option for the knee tuck light on
those feet let's go doesn't need to be
fast because we have 60 seconds to get
through we change people if they're all
thinking about video we're totally cool
nothing there's nothing
and if you've nothing and go slow now
modified or not what I want you to do I
want you to connect your chest to the
ground and I want you to give me an x
value at the top light on the landing
that's perfect all right you're still
burning calories your body's still under
tension but you're still working full
body do the eyes all the way down so
the beauty of boxing in bubbles and you
get full-body knockout you get all these
other great categories once you become a
member
last one so yeah string training of John
Brown upper body lower bite is that
you're like please remember to stop it
are we ready or it goes that right yeah
slow and controlled nothing wrong with
that all right we need to balance this
out show me your guard
show me your boxer shuffle let's go is
my oh my hair just decided to do with
something which is totally fine and
three two one here you go
leave block rear block hook cross step
lean cousins all right now for me I feel
a lot tighter on this side who cares I'm
not going to judge myself I'm the queen
of judging myself and I tell you not to
so I'm not going to so once I feel a
little more tight who cares last one
block walk hook cross get ready in three
let's have some fun hey what - [ __ ] [ __ ]
let's go I don't know I said 1 2 block
block cross there we go
brain is officially working find that
rotation so every single one of these
punches it's about your core all right
it's all about your core mastered it
well let's get this a few times and then
we'll bring into other case block block
put cross around your head there you go
always keep your knees soft you were to
avoid lock them out that's how you're
gonna prevent injury all right ninjas
write it out let's do it one more look
block I love it from the top slowly
adding on it leave block free block hook
cross step for your present now go back
to your fighting stance clothes a space
get your weight underneath you lead snap
put your toe rears now put your toe
three
Hey reset hanzee guard block Laflin
blocking hook cross you want to add
spice you know what to do alright you're
gonna give me that he'll click after
your last snap let's get ready to work
in three two one
show me go block block hook cross step
Crescent reset step boom point point hey
make sure gonna say hey don't push me
happy at home your felt like it doesn't
make me happy
block block hook cross
can we talk about the target zones as I
mess up did you see that side to face
running the face side of the chin
hopefully and then either groin or
underneath the chin for the snap method
to the madness and brave and more
importantly have fun
yep these workouts they're meant to be
fun because they've been wrapped yeah if
you're not really sure because if you
don't look forward to your workouts
guess what you're not going to push play
and you're not going to show up right
working out should be fun that was that
was the whole point of Korean baby it's
all about finding your perfect balance
between fitness and fun alright like my
legs feel like spaghetti and not al
dente the really mushy spaghetti last
one last one done awesome
so good okay work out we need power
night power up power up hey okay we need
to power up for your knees head burpees
did you okay remember Mel kit take a
break everyone ready yeah you type
roofies let's go
push-up either way modify it or not I
want your chest to connect fine on the
landing sleeping on so I'm a bit
obsessive for a piece if you get me wind
it up and I'll have to include
everything even if can I tell them what
I was going to do yet I already showed
you you look kind of in on the secret
below if you want this but I think
you're gonna say bugger off me
what are your going to do instead of
need hideous beautiful things we were
going to do a comic burpees my members
know what that is we've done them in a
challenge and there there is so gross I
was going to do them because I think
it's important do you think that we're
not comfortable doing with out of our
comfort zones to make us better they
also wanted to show you that your
trainer is totally relatable
I could barely get off the floor last
one I'm not kidding it I fallen and I
can't get up oh god Jenna okay I'm gonna
be right on my hair is wild because life
is not perfect
hello I'm embracing this 30 seconds how
are you feeling nothing good super good
super sweaty here we're sweating out
gasoline loving it a case why to my
eyeballs if you don't ask sweating your
eyeballs you're still really amazing
it's great
okay so I'm Dec we're almost out of here
can you believe it oh come on bill Oh
bud get it
combo three whoo whoo you're gonna like
this one this one's good all right are
we ready yes
thirty Seconds one quick light you see
okay show VI guard ninja show me your
boxer shuffle we're headed Orthodox
you're headed south pub this one it's so
fun and three two nice and slow here we
go lead up rear up sniff left slip right
don't believe hook you've got this let's
do it
not bad lead up we're up slip left slip
right let's talk about this target down
while we're doing it slow two more
underneath the chin lean into your slip
to hit your obliques elbow 180 degrees
side of the chin who's your target zone
last one last one let's have some fun
you're reading into the four three jab
go up slip slip kick power all power
punches show them to me I know we're
feeling fatigued I know we're getting
close to the end but like I always say
that's when you need a punch a little
harder right and that's when you need to
show a little bit more power
why did you push play why did you show
up who you fighting for let's go keep it
up I love it because boxing is so good
hard agree yeah it uh it's best thing
for stress relief right and it makes you
feel so good after after a stressful day
or whatever you push play you punch
you're good last one and we're gonna add
on this is it this is it because it's
too good
all right from this hot lead up rear up
slip watch it right W hook this is so
good now step it in a little quickly to
set up for a chamber feeling to the blue
players help reset for a jumpy snap kick
all right
yeah okay let's try to get up up slip
left slip right double lead hook step it
in a little quickly to get the tempo
steals your loot that's
prepping for your jumping snap-snap KKK
huge piglets right let's try and three
two one go up up slip slip hook step in
chamber reset punch punch now that's
occasion step chamber jumpy snap kick
you want to use that badly for momentum
that's how you're going to get your leg
up all right heel into the glute prep
boom you can also use your arm for a
little leverage if that helped watch it
use your arm
there you go hello changes are not easy
okay see how you doing good good
now I'm gonna shut up it stopped talking
to you we're here
look at this we have this keep it up the
jumpy snap kick my members my bots in
ball those members it's one of their
favorite cakes so I had to bring it to
you it's so fun it's so dynamic and
makes you feel like a total would enjoy
bat off that's what it does step boom if
I could do it laughs I don't want to
cheat you up give it to you let's see
yeah kick it there you go
chamber here we go snap okay good so
good amazing oh oh my brains little
fried baby
my brain is just as exercised as my body
no that's the beauty of this full body
this stuff is just a bonus app here is
what we really love working legs are
wide on decks single arm squat thrusts
we're gonna start with this urn we're
gonna add four hooks with this iron tip
we'll modify with both and walk it out
let's go in three two one single arm
squat thrust take your time it's not
about tweak it give me four hooks right
here four three two other arm
it's out a lot of cork a lot of shoulder
stabilization right there find that
power there you going down light on
those feet hands are up power give me
power since we're slowing him down right
give me that power
show me here we go four three two fun
now I don't like to say I would say a
progression speeded up you get speed it
up slightly
I'd rather form focus on your form focus
on the safety all right focus on your
shoulders focus on your core
we are sculpting it all full bottom
knockout in the half power last one last
one let's go down out this is it in just
four three two one yes okay
are you ready to balance this out yeah I
think so I am I ready yes I'm ready here
we go show that guard show me that boxer
shuffle we're headed south pop you would
handle a hole on our head it Ward's off
and three two from the top slow lead up
rear up slip slip double meat hook all
right three more lead up you're up slip
right slip let that slip is gonna power
that hook think about that all right
lean in to your slips it gives you the
momentum for the power laugh one flip
flip are we read in a handsome but bring
up let's go up up flip flip power hook
target tones let's think about under the
chin pick it up
who the hell are you find out here
that's gonna keep you going it's so rude
let's slip power use that leg a lot of
times I guess said sometimes we don't
like to move our feet or you don't like
to travel it's so important in boxing
that's how we we work your core
how does feeling really good alright I'm
like you to master this because it gets
a little bit tricky in a little
advancement
you saw me screw up my prime slip you
have it yeah last one and they're gonna
take it from the top
slow anyone in three two go up
slip slip hook step it in fast to get
that rhythm step it in you let's hear
glue pull your toe it's sent you through
the hip rear foot rear knee comes up so
you gave you that momentum in from the
top slow one more flip hands up abs
tight
power hook step it in give it to your
glute point your toes get ready
jumping snap kick let's try and three
two one go up slip slip hook hook step
chamber reset snap reset up flip flip
hook step it in chamber I've got hands
up outside all right I know this one
this is my body at its finest right here
I know you need to concentrate because
I'm finding myself I want to tell you
all these great things and I just can't
I need a concentrate you slip slip
that's the best thing about the
full-body knockouts you see the
progression we just started off with the
punches then we brought the combos in to
engage your brain and to challenge you
get uncomfortable and keep showing up I
want a to frustrate in it look at us
we've been we mess up right we're not
there right now buddy it's real we show
them more human side that's what I love
about the platform when you become the
member last one you're gonna see me
curse you shouldn't see me pretty much
fall on my face black one done off that
pissed and that's it it's like don't get
you'll get hard on yourself just keep
showing up because practice makes
progress not a horrific progress all
right
I was trying to buy myself some time us
time you're welcome this is not a
breather let's get ready doors single
earn squat thrust for hooks and three to
show it yep damn Oh tip you still feel
it even mod hide you right
I don't see you're still getting all
that for observation shoulders you name
it look buddy let's go oh I think
actually the slower you go oh let's
makes it harder than right right yeah
you really feel it power don't forget
about that power no retired right their
way Felix what along with your hand up
right sometimes doing the modified is
actually harder right yeah you know if
you need to even out in Juba Martin go
ahead and go you are a freaking official
ninja give yourself a high five I'm
gonna give my ninja spot a high five
like this is a team effort these
workouts are not easy like I said once
you become a member now old Yugi gave do
you get full body knockout you get sweat
box you get jump rope you get strength
training you all these great training
modality is to keep your mind from there
getting monotonous so I'm gonna properly
cool you down welcome I will take it
down a notch I will get my call myself I
know I'm so high I know den out chill
kid bring your head side effect
so much energy I got better so it's hard
to like bring it down at home your life
okay there you go I did it
heads I decide I operations in my neck
by the way
pause from overtraining overtraining is
a real thing
it is so important to stretch and take
rest days as it is work you know to
workout and move your body release your
right arm right here that's why I have
formations if I'm overtraining and it
also leads to other really nasty side
effects like depression and fatigue and
obviously injury so I know I know you're
a ninja but ninjas need to take a right
to all right can you one more thread
this arm through so I can't stress the
importance of taking your time taking a
rest day taking care of you and just
doing a stretch right bring it over and
stretch out that shoulder and we're
gonna walk it back fingers down your
spine let's lengthen out a little bit
deepen the stretch employer no feel
whole front side of your body
open up pull on that elbow just a little
bit more beautiful work now we're gonna
release our head forward and back from
my neck which hopefully will help for
you as well
it feels great all these years of boxy
I've always have always been like this
shoulders up and you can invert ought to
hunch forward a little bit to protect
our face so
I found that I really have to take a
little more time for my head and my neck
two more last one all right release that
opposite arm right there there we go big
arm swings either stop your shoulder up
your chest if you like a lot of people
up for negation with a lot of people
like to talk to you hello we're back
awful few more I have to tell you I did
aggressive physical therapy and just
stretching and I had to take it you're
off the boxing and I avoided surgery
because I thought I needed it so I just
wanted to share that little tidbit with
you because I talk to a lot of people
and I don't know how to slow down well
your body will tell you and you don't
want it to get to that point
yeah to to regenerate all right let's
step back gently pulse what is still
flying off of my face like sweat more
when I'm done moving I know and then it
just gets really really gross all coming
out this is baby crap they're all my
glow shop page get your sweat rag
[Laughter]
multi-purpose there yeah you can find
boxing bowls and these cool quick wrap
may be for grabs on my glove shopping so
check it out open up that hip back stall
there we go thinking a little lower just
give me two more as low as you can go
fill those gams
okay let's keep going let's keep going
for more I know thank you yes I don't
even know just suits you more
this feels really good milk it and stand
it up almost finished little standing
quad which find your ballots right heart
center hips push through your chest
bring the same leg down which Mount Lee
come down into a hamstring stretch let's
deepen it by grabbing our toe head is
neutral with your spine can you melt
this a little longer you can do that
we're gonna go ahead and switch it up
for Anna stay hinge forward switch up
our feet you're gonna grab our toe pads
neutral spine big and breath in they
read that to is a little deeper sink
into that stretch beautiful work a
little up slowly standing quad heart
center alright ninjas I this water we're
gonna take three breaths all together
with your right hand beep read them
through the nose big breath out through
the mouth now we're gonna do three
mantras that which you're after me I am
strong
I am strong yes you are breathe into
your body other side they breath in big
breath out repeat
confident I am calm out and as you are
bringing your body the final fret table
is fluffy breath in big breath out leave
your hands out there repeat after me I
am capable of absolutely anything I am
capable of absolutely anything art thank
you for joining us body knockout 5
boxing bubbles on my glow shop page find
a quick Rob so my ninjas are amazing
thank you you're amazing and you're a
ninja too awesome
[Music]
