welcome to your post fight cooldown I
want you to use this cool down after all
of your workouts and you can even use it
on your rest day so let's stretch it out
what is this this is you showing up for
your post fight cooldown I am so proud
because stretching is just as important
as all of your workouts correct alright
I have Amanda in me she with me bring
your feet a little wider than hip
distance apart we're just going to move
our head side to side stretching out
that neck after a lot of boxing after
strength training after all your
workouts we hold a lot of tension in our
shoulders and in our neck I know I do
I'm sure a lot of you do as well so this
is really nice
give me a few more four more
here's three last two we're gonna take
this arm right here just give me an arm
swing open up that shoulder and open up
that chest that should also feel good we
spent a lot of time and that fighting
stance we can be a little hunched over
perfect give me four more here's three
last two now turn into a bicep stretch
gently pull on the palm of your hands
stretching out that bicep maybe you did
a little heavy weight today I'm not sure
but I'm sure that feels good no matter
what you did now bring it into a
shoulder stretch all the way across your
body keeping those knees soft your abs
tight now let's walk those fingers down
your spine we're gonna deepen the
stretch don't want you to step that foot
back whatever hand you have behind you
gently pull on that elbow so you're
feeling that stretch through your quad
through your hip your oblique and then
all the way through that tricep perfect
release it forward and back with that
head keeping your knees soft
doesn't that feel good yeah give me four
more here's three release as far as you
can go range of motion of course it's
always up to you that's one and release
the opposite arm right here opening up
your shoulder opening up that chest you
want to slightly squeeze those shoulder
blades together I know I can't stress it
enough how important stretching is it
can be two more last one thread it
through for that bicep stretch so we
don't talk about overtraining enough but
it is a real thing and it has some
really nasty side effects like it really
does and it can cause injury which I
have to herniations in my neck because
of overtraining I didn't listen to my
body so take your regeneration days take
them seriously it's so important to give
your body a break you work so hard and
this is just as important so feel that
stretch all along the front side of your
body keep pulling and holding it and
release we're going to go into a little
lateral stretch right here I want you to
sink into your heels sink into your hips
and just push it's fluid movement and
we're feeling your hamstrings open up
right you're also feeling your your hips
open up as well just take it a little
bit lower keeping your back tall do what
feels good for you just give me a few
more right here all right four more and
push three two let's take that foot
together now we're gonna do a little
standing quad find your balance find
your heart center push through your hips
push through your chest keeping your
knee your standing leg site slightly
soft now bring that foot down come into
a hamstring stretch take your time once
you get down there grab your toe deep in
that stretch heads neutral
take a big breath in exhale then take it
a little bit deeper one more big breath
in and sink into that stretch just a
little bit lower
beautiful work stay hinge forward switch
up your feet grab your toe deepen that
stretch give me that big breath in big
breath out through the mouth and sink a
little deeper into that stretch another
big breath in through the nose out
through the mouth and take it a little
bit deeper perfect roll it up slowly
take your time with that opposite quad
once you find your balance by neck heart
center push through your hips push
through your chest
[Music]
well bit just a few seconds longer drop
that leg and we're going to take three
final breasts all together with your
right arm give me a big breath in
through the nose big breath out through
the mouth and I want you to repeat after
me I am strong I am strong yes you are
with your opposite arm deep breath in
through the nose big breath out through
the mouth
leave your hand out there or Pete after
me I am confident I am confident yes you
are with both hands deep breath in
through the nose one final breath out
through the mouth
leave your hands out there and repeat
after me I am capable of absolutely
anything I am capable of absolutely
anything yes you are you are amazing and
I will see you at your next fish
[Music]
