I might fitness friends I'm kit rich I
am so excited today to bring you this
full body routine you don't need any
equipment alright let's do this before
we begin I want to introduce you to my
friends this is Tara and this is Megan
Megan is going to be doing the modified
version so if you need that follow along
but here's what I need from you I need
you to push yourself but listen to your
body do your best that's all I ask are
you ready to begin
let's do it's rock and roll take your
legs out wide we're gonna start with
your warm up your arms are out to the
side palms turned up and let's just
start reaching up and over don't feel
like you have to go at my speed you do
you I'll do me and we'll do it together
up and over so right now we're
stretching out the side body and connect
to your breath reach good alright from
here we're gonna start to go into
modified jumping jacks ready take it up
so even if you can jump start with the
modify just get those arms moving and
now for those of you who want to jump
let's do it
take it up light on your feet get those
arms all the way up and abs in tight are
you doing it my exact same time to keep
up with you we're gonna have fun I love
it you got about five seconds here give
me one more now taking your arms forward
arms go back kick your butt now you want
to be mindful here of what you're doing
with your legs you want to flex your
feet so that you're actually kicking
your butt tailbone under abs in tight
and get those arms back to open up that
chest we're warming up the arms at the
same time all right Megan you're gonna
keep doing this we're gonna run it up
ready kick your butt
now you want to be mindful here you
don't want your knees splaying out to
the side right keep them forward hands
loose no gripping you'll notice that the
heart rates going up mine definitely is
warm up should feel that way right
you're getting everything ready to rock
and roll in five four three two modified
high knees follow along arms up and down
now you're trying to get those knees up
as high as you can but I don't want you
grounding in your chest keep your chest
up tall confident body right all right
Megan keep doing this let's run in place
I drink some water and I can feel it in
my stomach moving this is gonna be a
great workout gonna be super fun going
five four three two one take your legs
wide and slide go down into a lunge and
a switch alright
now the reason I'm finishing off your
warm-up with this is because we are
gonna go into side lunges this is a
great time to check in with your form
okay your knee should not be going over
your toes you want to go back into the
heel and then as you're bending can you
do me a favor and look at me chest up
yes right so we don't want rounding in
the chest you got about 10 seconds if
your tighten your inner thighs this will
feel really good meaning it feels really
good for me yeah
and last one
all right come to stand that was your
warmup feel nice and warm heart rate up
a little bit exactly all right so we're
gonna start with a balanced side lunge
let's take your right leg lift it up see
if you can find that balance again if
you don't want a balance follow Meg and
ready go step out into your side lunge
chest up push into that right heel come
to balance and go go at your own pace
you want to pick it up pick it up you
want to go slow
you can't this land should be super soft
toe ball heel push off the heel right it
requires a lot of balance here core work
to get that knee up and to hold it don't
judge yourself if you're having problems
with it you can judge yourself and other
stuff not this one Oh get to know me
I joke a lot and I don't joke about form
ready you're gonna give me a few more
last one here I want you to hold it down
stay there and get as low as you can
now the left leg that's extended out
step it behind you and start to drive it
in go now check in your right leg is low
you want your hip just above your knee
can you loosen those front toes for me
abs pulled in tight yes push into that
heel pick it up go don't you love
running to nowhere super fun me too I
love it it's like hamster wheel here we
go ten seconds lower in that right leg
faster go get ready we're gonna move
into a plank stay with it and hands to
the floor step back to a plank hold your
shoulders are right over your wrists
your feet are hip-width apart
float your right leg off the floor kick
that right leg up
now ideally that right leg never touches
the floor but if you're like kid
not really a fan of you right now feel
free to tap the floor and then kick it
up do what you can
I always say hate me now
love your body later keep going
squeeze squeeze now you'll notice Megan
is on her knee so she's still getting
that work in the glute yes which I love
she's still getting core work even I was
leaning okay five seconds left one
failing this to last one come down to
the floor extend your arms forward stay
there you're gonna lift your head lift
your arms and your legs and swim
swimming swimming swimming all right so
look down at the floor you want the back
of the neck long notice Megan she's
slowing it down
she's just alternating one at a time
much easier on the back if you need that
support because this is a back
strengthener and glute strengthener got
five seconds here connect to that breath
and rest the hands down now you want
your hands a little bit below your
shoulders we're gonna go for a little
extension lift your hair down pull back
there notice the quality of your breath
drop it down curl your toes under push
yourself up to a plank high go back down
little extension
down curl your toes abs in push it up
continue on your own
feel free to go faster whatever works
a little extension work a little arm
work how you doing Terra up down whoo
now you'll notice that Megan is on her
knees if this and all goes into your
back please honor your body and do this
on your knees give me one more hold it
at the top come into your plank bring
your hands and feet together let's go
for a walk shall we go wide left arm or
left leg bring it in and go yay good oh
my gosh I have to give credit just a
walk in the park and keep going there we
go and Tara where we going keep going
we're setting up my friends to do the
other side how exciting is that so
excited I know let's do one more each
side shall we do it keep those shoulders
right over the wrists keep your hips low
legs strong abs and arms get in the work
right now last one come to stand
take a moment that felt really good
I'm so excited the other leg ready okay
balance left leg up and lunge go
I have to focus in on this side more
because my right leg doesn't have it's
great balance one side is always that
way and down got it
how low can you go get down into that
left but whoo this is actually one of my
favorite moves yeah yeah cuz it's simple
and it's so effective it works okay last
one oh hi
hold it down stay there chest is up so
you're back in the heel step the right
leg back drive it go chest up
lower in that left leg I'm thinking
about that pizza I have to say it was
good keep going down was that annoying
for a fitness instructor talk about
pizza yeah probably five seconds ready
coming into a plank step down left leg
kicks up go
[Music]
try not to touch the floor with that
left leg abs in right leg strong
[Music]
I can still hear that water in my
stomach
almost there whoa I know squeeze it give
me two more last one down to the floor
swimming swimming swimming go now keep
going for me friends in this move you
should be thinking about length more
than height right so the fingertips are
stretching so long and the toes are
stretching so far back and they stretch
so much that it causes that lift and
your abs are pulled in love it make a
beautiful job of finding that length but
don't forget about your core keep
pulling it in five seconds here then
we're gonna go for those push-ups ready
go little extension curl the toes push
up and go
[Music]
I'll work a little push whoa oh my gosh
that was working how excited are you to
do that little sidestep to excited me to
Hina five seconds here hold it up bring
everything together side step though
[Music]
[Music]
I'll take that that's fun it is I went
to design recently and walk like 11
miles it's not dance keep going feeling
those arms right now we're gonna do one
more each side you are doing great
stay with it finish it one more and rest
okay take a little mini break grab some
water well done because we're so not
done okay
ready ready we got round to round two
has a similar vibe as farts logos a
little more emphasis for outer thigh
okay so we're gonna start in a curtsy
lunge your right leg is forward you're
gonna step back with your left leg
getting low make sure your hips are
pointed forward drive through the heel
come up to balance and then go for it
down and up again you don't want to
balance you do what Megan does stepping
the foot in check in that knee should
not be going over the toes
trying to get your back knee down
towards the floor I know I feel in this
chair I could hear ya
five seconds give me one more step that
left leg out to the side so you're
across the body hands Inigo so you'll
notice that my right leg is bent I'm
getting low in that leg as I'm now
working the core to draw the knee across
my body I just have to remind myself to
lift my chest up are you pulling that
right leg oh yeah oh she called me ma'am
and come on down to the floor sorry in a
plank my bad my bad plank legs wide from
here notice my legs are wider than my
hips right leg kicks up at a diagonal go
kick it up and down you'll notice that
my right hip is still pointed towards
the floor as I kick it up keep going for
me I need you to make sure your form is
good on this so let me teach you okay
your right leg needs to be wider than
your hip so I want her like to come out
even farther yes because it should be
trying to throw her off balance so that
her Ophelia has to kick in more and her
glute you got it give me five more
seconds and then we're gonna move into a
superwoman or Superman whatever you want
to call it last one come down to the
floor this time both arms and legs lift
ready go up and down lift
shoulders down the back
find that now you'll notice I'm gonna
ask Megan to switch it up a little bit I
want you if you're doing the modified
version you're gonna rest onto your
hands here
and then you're gonna try to lift both
legs if that doesn't work for your body
you can still stick with one leg at a
time because you're still gonna get the
work in your back and the glute and
hamstring imagine as though your hips
are staying completely still you have
five seconds left Luke and grace we're
gonna go back to those push-ups oh man
ready bring your hands underneath a
little extension work curl your toes
push up go up
[Music]
abs in stay strong
[Music]
10 seconds I like what I'm seeing girl
last one come to stand
you're not done get low in your squat
sidestep it go
sidestep get low four pulses one two
three four sidestep go on your own
whenever you hit the other side of the
mat do your four pulses go whoa
the lower you go the higher the but you
know the bud is the thing you cannot see
so I always say about my training I work
on the things you cannot see so that you
feel better about you you can feel it in
your body your energy improves go you're
a better person for yourself for those
you love come on get down we're gonna do
one more each side and then guess what
we do it all over again man and here we
go
last one and come to sand all right
curtsy curtsy curtsy ready left leg
forward go and then balance at the top
and down
so if you can see my leg is going in a
diagonal I'm stepping far back behind me
that doesn't mean that my hip though
goes open okay so I try to keep my hip
points pointing forward even as I'm
stepping back at a diagonal this cardio
feels so good I hope you're feeling the
same with me yeah yeah click my hands we
naturally went into a prayer position
like yeah I love it so good last one
take the leg out to the side stay low in
your leg go
chest up feel your abs pull in right
don't let that go
oh my left leg little burning big is
just like yeah yeah yeah I feel it
get ready coming up is that plank with
the legs out wide in 3 2 1 come on down
legs wide left leg kicks up go tip
points point it down leg wider than your
hips keep going I'm gonna check in on
Megan here so those of you doing the
modified version again modify is still
tough notice that I don't want her left
hip to open too much I want it down now
with your hip point down take your left
leg out wider and now you'll feel that
goodness and when I'm sure you felt
doing this workout with me and Megan did
definitely your abs have to kick in more
in 4 3 2 come down to the floor lift
both arms and legs go up and down
really stretch through the limbs and up
coming up we have those extensions to
push-ups five seconds here and go
extension pushup maybe now you're like
oh man kid I have to do this on my knees
it's fine right just keep moving
you've got so much time right now so
limited you got it that didn't come out
right
I mean you only have so much time doing
it so like what did not sound right
about one more come on up to stand last
part of your cardio ready go four one
two three good you serious
life is so serious this can be fun yeah
I gotta make a pact right how sick and
twisted am I did I find this fun just
remember when you were a kid you lived
for this all you wanted to do this move
right come on almost there last one
finish it finish it I'm gonna beat you
maybe just you did it that was the
cardio section how do you feel we're now
gonna go into a little focus booty work
okay
I'm not gonna lie that one got me down
got me all right
here we go coming on to your hands and
your knees now you're on all fours
shoulder right over your wrists knees
directly underneath your hips you do not
want to tuck your butt you're neutral in
your spine starting with fire hydrants
with the left leg ready go
out and in now right away you'll notice
that you're leaning in to the right you
want to stay in your left arm if the
left leg is lifting lean more into your
left arm
[Music]
ABB's up
[Music]
I'm recovering from a cold I can
definitely feel the difference okay give
me a few more here and on this next one
hold it up now you're gonna bring that
knee to the tricep and then keep it bent
as you sweep it back behind you you see
what I just did keep the knee go into
the tricep and sweep it back behind you
now your upper body kick on your upper
body is gonna want to move it's gonna
want to shift and shake keep it
completely still so we can get into the
obliques and those glutes and if your
arms are bothering you feel free to come
down onto your forearms thanks Megan
[Music]
okay let's add a pulse so when you go
back pulse up and then bring it in back
pulse up and bring it in keep going for
me
[Music]
so tends to be right about here you can
see when her leg goes back that then you
want to drop you want to keep that knee
out to the side and lifted as though
you're doing a fire hydrant that's
really important for this move now
coming up on this next one you're gonna
hold the leg back you're gonna drop the
knee down so it's ankle to ankle notice
her knee is still out to the side now
lift it up squeeze drop down lift up
squeeze so even if you're on your
forearms here you still want to be
leading more towards the left so you're
not sinking into the right hip
the reason we don't want that is because
you don't want to overdo it on the
supporting side but if you lean more to
your left your core will have to take
more of the heat and that's super
crucial here you want everything working
as I say all systems on right on this
next one hold it up at the top little
pulses go up squeeze shoulders down back
a little tiny pulse
up and eat then he turned out to the
side lean to that left I can't say it
enough in five four three two bring that
knee down come down to your right side
so you want the elbow directly
underneath your shoulders your heels in
line with your gluts so your knees are
tucked forward come up into a side plank
now Megan's gonna stay down on her hip
for modification open up that top knee
so right now we had worked the left leg
so it's your left leg that should be
opening I can't help but laugh when I do
this move because I just do not feel
cool in this movie it's so awkward but
so am i yeah so that works out although
I don't know I find myself to be one of
the most awkward people in ah but the
more you accept it more fun you have
here we go on this next one hold it up
you're gonna lift the top leg up you
gonna need a knee heel the heel can you
stay in that side plank oh my gosh
knee to knee heel to heel so we're
working those obliques at the same time
that we're working your tush this one I
call the dosey doe I don't even know if
it looks like a dosey doe to be honest
just makes me feel like I'm doing a
dosey doe I can see it I think there
goes the awkwardness again keep going
give me one more and relax it down come
up back onto your hands and your knees
for the other side ready fire hydrants
go out and down
now how high your knee gets that's has
so much to do with flexibility and
strength so do not judge yourself back
you my arms so much right now I love
that do you feel your arms even here
yeah they're even talking to me going
all of it okay you ready
hold the knee up bring it in to the
right tricep sweep it back and in and
back there's no joke
all those moves this is the capper
[Music]
use that breath let's add that pulse at
the top little pulse and then bring it
to the side and pulse and bring it in
[Music]
yeah huh Oh to let it shake here so when
you shake it nothing shakes hey and on
this next one hold it back ankle to
ankle full range lift it ankle to ankle
check in with your upper body please
lift out of your shoulders pull up in
your abs in your ribs lean into your
right arm more yes looking good we have
pulses coming up ready hold it up pulse
little baby one higher higher higher get
it up let it Chang open that knee out
whoo keep going ribs up ABS up oh no do
not quit and finish it come down onto
your left side whoo okay heels in line
with your butt elbow underneath your
shoulders come on up so gentle open and
close
open so notice that I didn't let star
quit because you don't quit at the end
okay you can stop midway through but you
gotta come back to it you don't quit
when you only see the finish line
keep going take that with you in your
everyday life alright and on this next
one hold it up go knee to knee heel the
heel oh my gosh my left side my bottom
side is feeling that so much I'm sure
you're feeling the same thing would
shake it like crazy
five seconds here finish it finish it
last one glance your back okay friends
we're almost there we're gonna do a
variation of the Pilates series of five
in Reverse
okay so we're gonna start with a bicycle
crunch with an added pulse to each side
ready go two pulses and then switch
pulse it up breathe again follow Megan
if you need it she's doing a great job
thank you you're welcome
you guys are both doing a good job
almost there give me one more each side
hold it in the center take your legs
straight up to the sky pull Audis feet
heels together toes apart hands behind
your head open out about hip width go
down and look how small this movement is
and up it is not big it's just enough to
get those lower abs activated when the
legs come together squeeze the heels to
pull up give me one more and now reverse
it down and up low feeling that give me
two more one more
hold the legs up drop the left leg hover
grab behind the right leg for a second
so you can get that stretch of the right
leg hey abs and tight shoulders down now
holding onto the leg let's just sample
it you're gonna take the right leg and
do a little baby circle with that right
leg let's try it again little baby
circle now hands behind the head go give
me five of these one two three four
let's switch legs go one two three two
more four last one hold it there grab
behind the leg you guys are doing great
how you feeling put both knees in to
your body ready both legs go forward
arms go back hold then come up onto your
tail don't grab the leg and then drop it
down and come up hold
now notice meghna's not coming up all
the way she also has the option of
keeping her head down if her neck is
bothering her at all you'll still get
that work give me two more one more come
on up hold grab your right knee come
down extending your left leg hovering
over the floor hands behind your head
crunch up to that right knee crunch then
switch crunch so notice that Megan is
just holding on to the knee as she's
doing it she's doing more of the
traditional we're almost there
you have one more move after this can
you do it yeah yes give me two more each
give me one more each and flip over onto
your forms Pilates B with your feet
which means heels together toes apart
come to hold your plank hold stay there
keep your butt down in line with your
shoulders now from here tap your knees
down to the floor and then straighten
top and straight keep going for me this
one is particularly check-in on form for
you you do not want your heels to
separate they're squeezing tight good
I'm gonna asked her to take the tail one
under just a little bit
but her hips stay lifted and she bends
so imagine well I'm holding your abs up
with a rope they can't move as you tap
your knees down yes and then squeeze
those inner thighs they're doing so
great okay you ready
final part we hold leg straight hold it
there you got it all that work all that
you've done
Center yourself stay in there leg
straight abs in this is five four three
two drop your knees trout compose you
get it whoo-hoo okay you ladies did so
beautifully let's stretch yeah yes cool
okay come on up for me so let's first
start sitting just cross-legged sitting
up tall take your right arm down left
arm stretches up and over just hold that
there
[Music]
notice the quality of your breath notice
that journey that we just went on
[Music]
very short amount of time for some
seriously big change and other side I'm
still shaking come on up take your right
leg out to the side fold your left leg
in you're gonna reach for the toes with
your bottom hands stretch up and over
and even deeper stretch for the back so
you might even feel some inner thigh
stretch some hamstring stretch come on
up other side
[Music]
reach up and over
[Music]
and final stretch coming on to your
hands and your knees for me taking your
right leg forward so you want your knee
in line with your ankle and then you
come up bringing your hands to your
knees so you're stretching out the front
of the leg then stretching out the ABS
take your left arm up and reach up and
back and then bring it down switch left
leg forward hands to the knee reach your
right arm up stretch back lean back
[Music]
and then bring it down come to sit
cross-legged one more time when you work
out with me the idea is you're gonna
feel different at the end you're gonna
feel better about you you're gonna see
yourself as you should so right now
before we close take your arms up I want
you to close your eyes right now and say
one thing that you are so grateful for
take that gratitude to your heart bow to
it and you did wonderful I'll see you
next time
[Music]
you
