hey Bob sugar a Katy of loveliness
today we're between a 30-minute bar boot
camp no equipment needed a lot of times
these bar boot camps we do are really
intense this one's gonna be a little bit
more of a low to moderate intensity so
we're going to get your heart rate up
you are going to feel the burn
we're going to work into strengthening
and toning all those inner body parts
but at the end of it you'll feel
rejuvenated refreshed and not like
you're in the lake for the rest of the
day you actually have some energy for
the refuge which will be awesome
so again you're the equipment just your
beautiful self if you want to grab a
chair for a little extra balance it
might be helpful in some of the moves
that we're doing or just a counter top
but again it's totally up to you I'll
try to give you some modifications in
case you don't have one available and
your balance may be a little bit off
your shoulders
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
No
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
three
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
fold it up
[Music]
then
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
yeah
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
ah
[Music]
[Music]
we're going
[Music]
together
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
four three two four three two one stand
and drop it all right here from another
challenge you guys so again here or here
those hip circles with no circles look
down to reach your upper body still two
more circles down two three four up yes
we're be that way fine one more time
down to
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we're gonna be moving from side to side
so we're going to start in a lunge
opening into a grand plie
so we got a chair and great base for you
open up
well they're not be super wise to read
this is more work on so you figure out
what little good for your body and I
want you to try this out a bit here
[Music]
your glutes
drive huh Elian only moving forward and
opening right now I know about here so
this is where I eventually have to check
in when you thank her mind there your
mama's whole leg that will take some
that patcher off your watch
[Music]
for three
and one me drive ha ha here share
[Music]
eight seven name five four three two one
dandy a little bit I'm gonna go to chair
great but not more alice challenge
you're gonna drop the heat down to top
drops a knee and open up give me some
our obliques
[Music]
hey we better die
- oh good so when you shift forward your
weight goes into that front heel
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
lower
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so if you guys have any questions for me
besides Haiti why are you so sweaty
I'm Karen so health related my app my
programming my workouts nutrition
whatever is please like please comment
and tell me you're sweating too because
I don't want to be alone oh thank you
thank you guys
oh my gosh I mean like hitting it
seriously I think I put lotion on this
morning so you know this isn't like
sweat you know like when you're lotion
tea and then you sweat it's like extra
glisteny this is all-natural sweat I
hope you might love that workout yes
good I'm so so glad yeah okay I love the
sweat drops thank you you guys know on
Instagram I actually have a filter I
have a few different filters we created
four stories and one of them is sweat
drops because I sweat so much it's like
I had to have one that just like showed
that you know name the workout will be
saved on YouTube
I'm glad you're so sweaty also beyond
sweaty absolutely and I do a lot of live
workouts on love sweat fitness as well
so if you guys are looking for my more
live workouts with me make sure you're
following on instagram follow and
subscribe to my channel here on YouTube
I do workout I have a ton of workouts on
here but I also do a ton of lifestyle
content routine videos dating life all
of that stuff for you guys I'm so glad
you loved it
do you have certain days for a workout
um for lives my schedule changes every
week but for the next couple weeks is
we're doing a crop top crunch time ab
strengthening challenge with love so a
fitness right now which anyone can join
for free I'm doing free lives every
Sunday for those ones too so that's one
thing that's like consistent and the
rest are switched up Oh any other
questions you guys have can you please
make a playlist with your existing
videos summer 2020 schools in charge
yeah so I do have playlists on here all
of my videos and exclusive full-length
videos are in my love Swift fitness app
so if you want 30 minutes with me or
more that's where it's at um all of
those longer ones here on YouTube I have
the shorter video so mostly like 15
minutes or under but you can find my
full-length ones are longer ones in the
app and my personal training program so
I have strength days where I do like
three circuit days I think you move by
move all fitness levels you kind of go
at your own pace but with my personal
training plan and oversight for you
which is really nice Oh Germany that's
amazing I'm so glad you guys loved it
chocolate cake that's great yeah I'm so
glad you jumped off your couch to Joy
and that's amazing I think that's one of
the coolest things is when you're like
just like maybe scroll in on YouTube for
fun and you see a workout and you
actually do it that's hard to do when
you're cozy and comfy but I'm so proud
of you that's amazing Slovenia you guys
hitting it from all over that is so
incredible I love being able to connect
with you guys like around the world I
think that's the most amazing thing
about these lives about platforms like
PopSugar Fitness like love sweat Fitness
like we can connect with women
and then lovely women on my channel but
across the globe which is really really
great recommendations for workout
clothes oh there's so many great brands
some of my favorite brand I mean
actually target for like budget stuff
has some great stuff I love like Lorna
Jane I love Corral I love a year of ours
that's what my red pants are outdoor
voices those are all a little pricier
though North Carolina thank you whoo oh
my gosh you guys
alright does anyone else have questions
health fitness nutrition any like advice
you want well you got me we have it like
probably two more minutes miss most of
the workout it will be in here yeah
there was an issue with the connection
on the first one so don't worry not the
whole live it will be here for you guys
yes Oh awesome yep we got it right there
for you oh I'm like seriously still
trying to catch my breath
what do you think about using a waist
trimmer absolutely not
nope waste the money wasted your time
you guys there are no quick fixes
there's no fad anything that is going to
change your body and anyone who tells
you it is is trying to get your money so
I lost 45 pounds I didn't have a gym I
didn't have equipment I had nothing I at
one point finally got myself some
dumbbells like you can do anything it's
about consistency it's about showing up
for yourself every single day it's about
having the right why and to me that's
about feeling better from the inside out
longevity being able to move and run and
play and do the things I want to do for
the rest of my life it used to be all
about my size I cared about being a
certain size being a certain weight on a
scale all of that but I had to throw
that away and change my focus to make
actual real consistent healthy habits
and changes in my life to be strong and
solid and to be like motivated and all
of those things and it doesn't come from
any of them
stuff favorite piece of workout
equipment is my LSF booty bands which
they are coming back in stock next week
I'm so excited
they're just amazing for doing so many
different things how to work out if
you're skinny so working out for
everyone can be whatever you want it to
be moving your body there's no like
different workouts whether you're a
certain size or another if you're trying
to build muscle then that's really about
your nutrition so continuing to do the
workouts you're doing moving your body
loving it but you got to increase or
improve your nutrition to make sure that
you're able to build that muscle and
you're fueling your body the right way o
best cellulite tips actually have some
videos on this so go check it out on my
channel make sure you I subscribe if
you're not already I have a great video
on cellulite tips great cardio I mean
obviously walking jogging or swimming or
really great things to do at home I know
here on PopSugar Fitness there are a lot
of great cardio workouts I have a bunch
of my loved stuff in this app as well
dancing is great throw on some music
dance around your house for 30 minutes
like honestly it's all about finding
things that you love and you enjoy so
you'll keep showing up and doing it oh
right um low calorie sex I don't count
calories so I just find snacks that are
gonna fuel my body and make me feel good
and so like I make these things I call
hanger bombs that are amazing and
they're not a low calorie snack but
they're so good for you and they have
healthy fats and proteins so it's really
about that I mean there's always like
you know hummus and veggies that's
probably a lower calorie snack that will
fill you up it has good fiber but my
biggest piece of advice for you guys is
to stop counting calories stop stressing
out about what you're eating
I have nutrition plans and meal plans my
goal is to always help you just learn
how to feel your body by showing you
what to eat without talking about
calories and numbers and all of that
stuff because it can drive you crazy and
that's no way for anyone to live on a
point system or anything else like you
got to live your life it's not practical
then you end up feeling like
when you like go outside of that and you
shouldn't live like that like you should
just be able to find a healthy balance
learn what feels good what feels your
body what you need and then when you
have those extras it's like okay well I
had a little extra I know how to go back
to normal tomorrow it's all right yes
okay you guys last I'm gonna take this
last question also if you workout in the
morning do you recommend eating a
smoothie with protein instead of coffee
with college and creamer
so first meal smoothie maybe it's really
up to you so like if I'm working out in
the morning I personally like still
don't like to have like a lot in my
system but that's just me everyone's
different if you ever feel a little
light-headed or anything else you need
to stop drink water and now you know
like no you need to feel yourself a
little bit more before you do your
workout I always get my meal in right
after a workout if I'm doing it first
thing in the morning all right you guys
whoo oh so much fun I'm so proud of you
all that sweat it out with me today
again make sure you subscribe to my
channel out love sweat fitness come say
hi on Instagram also at love sweat
fitness and I will see you guys back
here really really soon thank you so
much love you all
bye and thank you pop sugar for having
me back
