hey guys Cassey here from Blogilates i
am so excited to see you it is Saturday
morning in LA is a sunny beautiful day
and I'm super excited to be doing a
total body Pilates workout with you now
if this is your first time doing Pilates
or working out with me all you're gonna
need is a yoga mat oh and by the way I'm
totally holding my dog and not even
talking about him he'll be walking
around and my sister's dog Denali is
also here we're taking care of her so
she'll also be walking around hopefully
they don't create too much ruckus in the
background but it'll just be fun so let
me know if you guys have a dog at home
too or a pet do like a little dog emoji
or some pause I'd love to know and also
let me know where you're coming from
okay I can't believe that we get to work
out with each other from all over the
world and there's almost 800 of us here
right now which is really really
exciting and let's see we've got some
Belgium some Holland
I saw Indonesia literally people from
all over the world Portugal ah Serbia
Michigan India Brazil this is so so cool
so you guys I am going to be working on
your abs because that is definitely
Pilates that core strength I'll be
working on your arms okay nice strong
arms
we've got obliques in there we've got
booty of course we have inner thighs
outer thighs legs I mean the whole
situation we also end with a little bit
of stretching so this is gonna be a
full-on total body workout and you will
be sore tomorrow that is my entire goal
for you so if you're excited for that
give me a thumbs up will you let me see
the thumbs up in the comments and if I
get all those thumbs up we'll get
started
because it is going to be so fun I am so
so so so excited so I'm gonna head right
here onto my mat and go ahead and get
onto your mat - if you don't have a mat
you can roll out a towel on the floor
maybe you're on a carpet but just don't
be on the bare hardwood it is going to
hurt your back okay
so guys love Sigma thumbs up we're gonna
go ahead and begin our total body
Pilates routine it's gonna be 30 minutes
long I want you to bring your arms out
like so roll the shoulders back now I
want to give me a nice little curve the
spine is slowly coming down super super
super slow there we go
nice work all right now go ahead and
grab behind your ankle your pack and I
want you to lift yourself up into
Pilates stance okay so with the Pilates
stance right here you are having the
neck lifted and rested on top of your
shoulders your shoulder blades unlifted
and pull pull switch like that oh oh oh
switch come on pull pull switch oh you
guys pull pull switch George pull pull
switch switch
now single to the scissor
it is single single stretching our
hamstrings really getting our getting
our core warmed up there you go and lift
ample ample there it is keep pointing
the toes keeping the shoulders lifted
off of the mat nice work beautiful
working on our strengths and our
mobility and our flexibility with
Pilates today good stuff now bring the
knees in for - this is a double leg
stretch extend for 2/3 team2 exhale out
abs nice and long and strong it lengthen
beautiful put your fingers point your
toes like so eyes up where the corner of
the ceiling reaches meets the wall
beautiful and lengthen so good
Freeman knees in legs up hundreds inhale
two three four exhale two three four
just like that puppy arms drop a leg
female two three four exhale two three
four switch inhale two three four exhale
two three fourth hands behind lift it up
and lower and we're gonna pair for the
next song which is gonna be more ABS
okay so that was your ab warmup
now we're gonna go hard who's ready to
go hard you ready
give me those hearts okay here it is I
want you there bringing the arms long
legs long roll-ups up lift and down and
back lift and down and back so you guys
what I want you to think about here is
not using your momentum you're using
your abs to lift up and down very nice
good stuff down and back so this is your
first time working out with me you may
or may not know the answer to this
question but pretty much how many
roll-ups I mean how many crunches do you
think equals one roll up hmm answer in
the comments nice lift down and back
lift up all right I'm gonna give you the
answer
answer is six crunches equals one roll
up so we've done a lot of crunches right
now lift down come on lifting straight
spine one more good stuff down
crisscross opposite elbows and shoulders
with opposite knee right here
criss-cross criss cross nice really
working those transverse abdominals
right here
good stuff let's go criss cross really
lifting those shoulder blades off the
mat pointing the toe let's go crap
very nice now cha-cha it up one two
three cha-cha-cha
are we burning cha-cha-cha let's go you
got it Chuck jump cha one two three it's
a quick quick slow
Oh quick quick slow quick quick slow
little more quick quick slow one more
quick quick slow
legs up are behind drop the legs drop
yeah
working the lower rounds yeah you've got
it elbows line now if you need a
modification hands underneath the
tailbone head down just like this
pressing the heels together abs in super
tight low back go through the mask up to
you where you want to put the hands and
lower come on we got to finish up the
song finish up those ABS you'll move on
to the next thing
come on then lift it up we're down then
up promise you do so good Danna no and
done with ABS for now you guys so so
good okay now that the apsara warmed up
we're gonna do one of my favourite
things to do which is weightless arms
okay
so all I want you to do is to bring your
arms out golf balls circles pretend
you're holding golf balls in your palms
just like so and all you're gonna do
it's gonna be little circles just like
this okay now I am going to make your
arms so sore so burning and we're not
even hold a single weight oh just me
wait just you wait to see what I'm gonna
do to you okay trust me you cannot put
your arms down through this entire track
you ready
walnut crushers we're back back back
back drawing a little rainbow with the
bottom of the elbow let's go back back
back shoulders should be burning very
soon let's go bring it back
back squeezing the shoulder blades
together just like this
back back really squeezing squeezing
nice work
now elbows come together lift and lower
this is my prayer pulse now if you've
been doing quagga Lottie with me and pop
pilates you know this move up up up up
very nice
keep those elbows together just like so
check it out
I don't want your elbows moving apart
and I want the elbows moving towards
your nose and your chin don't go lower
than that or else won't feel it do it
right now lips let's go up up up oh oh
yeah so what is this work shoulders
bicep
chest let's go triple it up one two
three lift lift lift up don't let go up
to three see I told you I knew it'd be
brain-o if two three singles it is right
here single lift lift
you got it come on up yep doing so good
lift lift
come on pop it home yeah hop it home hi
George down up at home hand down
I get a big hold and down up Oh
every time oh my gosh how do those arms
feel are they burning I love my
weightless on this track so so much now
let's head into some booty work shall we
shall we talk ease okay so you guys what
I want you to do is to place the hands
underneath or the tailbone just like so
George really likes going underneath my
stomach okay now you're gonna lift up
this leg ready
[Music]
nice fire hydrant pulses out out so
making sure that outer thigh is really
reaching ports is healing back to this
nice work really to make that booty burn
hands of a nunnery the shoulder
yeah maybe 500 pulses perfect let's go
put the toes lift nice sitting outside
boom good you're doing amazing and lift
and we're just gonna focus on this one
butt cheek with this entire song to the
outside
how about how is that booty feeling
all right we're about to do something
different but here we go
kick and back kick and kick bring it
back yes this is your cross butt kick
beautiful keep that negativity out of
your life whatever you don't like get it
out right now in come on let's go and
press so strong kick my butt cheek is
birdy done very very good okay we're
good switch on to the other side okay
you ready
same thing point to Butler let's go all
right take it to the fire hydrant pulse
it good give me four three two one bring
it up lift nice oh man it's already
burning so good to the outside out out
how we feeling you guys doing good
come on bring it up
all right to the outside again out out
such simple movements but they work it's
amazing what you do with your body
without any equipment okay you guys it
an amazing thing let's go to the outside
good lift lift to the ceiling fire
hydrant pulses here out amazing come on
keep shining the outer thigh upwards
good stuff back to the outside out all
right now let's give me those cross butt
kicks we're back and kick back and kick
oh yeah how's the booty feeling come on
out boom we're gonna keep going you guys
down and out and low and lift good stuff
how's the music and everything can still
hear me really well is everything good
[Music]
come on out
let me know how it all is let it burn
for more let's go four three two one
more and one oh my goodness the booty is
on fire so so good okay we just check
this microphone real quick okay
it's all in place you guys now gonna
head into some more arms okay so what I
want you to do right here is place your
hands underneath your shoulders we're
gonna go into some tricep work now we're
going to what I love to do for my
triceps the oil rigger it's been doing
Blogilates with me for a long time
you'll know what this move is it is
absolutely so effective so go ahead and
bring your right leg up just like so
okay
hands how to meet the shoulders and what
I want you to do is to bring the elbows
back I don't want to see the elbows go
to the outside I want it back okay
what's gonna happen is you're gonna dip
your chin forward above and past your
fingertips
and you lift up just like that okay
modification you guys you can leave your
leg here you can come down not so far
and come right back up you can even
bring your knees here coming down and up
up to you low and lift Anna nment nice
for more let's go for hand three and two
one more and one switch sides
let's go down Anna beautiful making sure
those elbows are tracking back for more
right here Jim Hanna 10 mo em licked and
up one more down and up so good now I
want you to slide onto your belly okay
we're gonna do the same thing same
motion but this time he would go into
half Cobra push-up so hands slide it
right underneath your shoulders elbows
out super wide bringing the elbows in to
a sports bra or into your shirt now
we're going to push up halfway lift and
lower lift and lower up then this is
gonna work the lower back the upper
glutes and your triceps up and down lift
and down
press you've got it
let those arms burn come on lift you're
doing amazing good stuff
now double pulse lift down down lift
lower lower up up down one more then
we're heading into a backward okay
arms out parachuters and lift right
there and down okay hands in a goalpost
position yeah you're gonna lift up your
chest and your quads low this is your
parachuter two and down mini pulses here
Oh
pulse Oh keeping the shoulder blades
pressing as you lift up eight more eight
seven six five come on four three two
one slow it down for two lift through -
that's right we're not ending Hannah you
got low Henley pinned down and up hold
it here extending pressing the palms
back into your thighs pressing the toes
together open out reverse snow and go
down extend and low and now you got it
faster feeds and
oh yeah let's go
now the reason webworker back it's just
improve our posture why so they can
stand tall him look more constant after
constant let's go in counts you got it
come on far more right here for flowy
hands
three two one hold and down wow okay
let's go ahead and stretch out the back
right here go ahead and come into a cat
cow with me oh my gosh this is so
necessary a couple more handling nice I
love it okay you guys now what I want
you to do is to come on to your sides
we're gonna work our inner thighs so
good right now
you're gonna bring over this top leg
like so with that bottom foot and give
me awkward foot that means your toes are
down that means your heel is up I know
that's really weird but do it because
that's how you gonna grab grab onto the
attention into the inner thigh okay you
lift you lift now position the head
there's a couple things you can do you
stay right here your elbow okay
or if that's a little uncomfortable for
you you can totally come down on your
head like this on the elbow supporting
the head and if that's still
uncomfortable for you you can totally
come down on the floor just like this
okay doesn't matter as long as you're
focusing on the inner thighs good and
lift and lift making sure that heel is
lifting up nice work let's try something
a little different point your toes
and point and point I'm gonna do the
entire song on this one side okay lips
I'll give you a circle forward support
simple for Wow how we do not there guys
feeling good let's go
keep something don't put your leg down
don't even think about it okay go back
here it is coming back and back yes let
it burn and back and back pointing your
toes let's go now lift and lift
oh yes it is awkward foot right here
come on heels up healed up lift and burn
let's go up don't even think of putting
that foot down
then lift stay there we're almost at
this yeah Danna good laugh you got it
let's go point your toes come on up oh
my gosh we're so close and lift and lift
bring it down oh my gosh how does that
inner thigh feel crazy right do the same
thing on the other side you already know
the drill
go ahead and support your head or put it
down I want to bring this leg over you
ready
give me that awkward foot make sure your
heel is up and the toes are down let's
go just like that I know okay because I
know okay reverse it go alright a little
more right here come on bring it oh I
love feeling sore I do it's like a
reward
I know you guys know that it's why
you're here but this is what we live for
right I'll give me that awkward foot
let's go awkward foot flex let me feel
that inner thighs yep do you feel it
let's go yep yep beautiful work
point it point come on you are so close
to not give up now
okay that's not that it to the one we
want to be resilient we want to be
hard-working okay want to keep going
bypassed the challenge and flex flex and
hold bring it down what what right oh my
gosh so crazy I love it I'll tell you
guys now we're gonna go ahead and work
on some obliques alrighty
so what I want you to do is come down
onto your elbows for some cycling action
here it is lift and hold
perfect now making sure the elbow is
right underneath your shoulders lifting
the arms good stuff now
and low and lift perfect
[Music]
you're doing amazing right here okay
hold it up now cross one leg over the
other okay I want you to come down
underneath your chest as if you're
holding a little baby or maybe if we
can't flowers and open extend this is
your ballerina twist we're down we're up
you got it nice yeah we press and and
press and lift nice work
look you got it you did so good
this is not easy this is extremely
challenging since higher routine so I'm
so proud of you for working out with me
here okay
hold it up cross same thing we're gonna
come underneath our chest
Valerie you twist and lift extend and
low and lift if you need them on
efficiency replace your knee down and
lift you got it
come on and love
that's beautiful
we're coming two more down lift it up
Henry okay hold that side put here home
you whole arm over arm over and nice now
take it all the way over reach and down
Henry and down strong arm thanks for
holding and coming down
wow you guys that was really really good
okay let's do the same thing on the
other side even it out okay whoa let's
go for the obliques also shoulders right
elbow underneath the shoulder foot
stacked feet sacked me to reach up and
hold okay
making sure the shoulder is stack on top
of the elbow palm flat on the mat
reaching up long body okay if you need a
modification here go ahead and bring one
knee down or you can bring two nice tack
totally up to you now we pulse comes
down and low and then come on yeah
and I'm so amazing we're almost a
workout which I can't even believe I'm
having so much fun with you yeah yeah
four more come on
pan three good and two and one hold it
here now cross the top foot over the
bottom I'm going to bring it into those
ballerina twists okay here we go
caressing we're down to lift yeah you
got it
[Music]
come on stack the feet let's go down low
and lip come on strong oblique strong
body that's what we want you know what
we work out because we'd like to get
stronger we like feelings better
yeah and makes me happy hold it here
beautiful
cross the legs ballerina twist down
Hamlet low okay that's it beef arm over
arm over and up coma all the way over
let's go all the way over nice
come on over hold and down Wow
how are the shoulders feeling oh okay
you guys that's so good let's eat we've
already worked our ABS our arms our
booty our obliques our legs and I would
say I will end with some hardcore ABS
what do you think yeah let's do it
so you guys go ahead and begin seated I
want you to extend your legs out now I'm
going to show you a move that you may
not know but it's going to make you
shake to your core it is called the
earthquake now for my Blogilates pop
stirs out there you guys have you know
this move everyone else prepare this
your next favorite move okay hands up
shoulders rolling back chest open belly
in spine tall now you leave that to your
tipping point holding right here good
stuff
chest is open belly is in finger is long
hose long now what I want you to do is
imagine these two strings pulling from
this sports bra your shirt that's
opening up your chest just like that
okay so it's more important for me that
your spine is tall then if your back and
really like right there okay so speed it
again lean back
good spine tall now right arm up very
good
okay left arm up bring it up yes
DeLeon Oh lean a little farther back are
we shaking I'm shaking you guys lean
more oh I am shaking well those are the
earthquake you guys arms down here up
down for to lift for to let it shake and
up look good hold it there five four
come on three little lower two and one
reach it over hike so so good all right
you guys now I want you to grab on to
your ankles okay this is one of the most
powerful and graceful Pilates smooth I
love it so much it really uses your
pores and test your balance and
flexibility at the same okay so toes
pointed heels together knees together
bring your legs into boat pose just like
so if you need to hold onto your knees
right here that's totally okay but if
you can hold onto your ankles rolling
the shoulders back spine super tall toes
pointed and really open up your head
hold it right there five four three two
and one bring the legs down bring the
legs forward and roll flatten yourself
into a pike in healthier nose exhale
through your mouth inhale and exhale
flattening the back onto the legs you
guys slowly roll
up arms above the head and reaching it
out give me one shoulder roll back one
shoulder roll forward reaching the arm
over stretch reaching the arm over
stretch same thing with the tricep
bringing that over the head like so mmm
bring this over the head like so stretch
and you guys give yourselves a huge
round of applause you did amazing oh my
gosh we worked so much we had doggy
interventions that was really really fun
let me know how you feel right now in
the comments I'm really proud of you for
working out with me today it's not easy
to get get up in the morning and get
your body moving sometimes it's like the
last thing that you want to do but once
you get moving your body is just ready
for the rest of the day and that's why I
really love working out in the morning
because it just sets the tone you know I
just feel like I checked marked off one
hard thing in the morning and the rest
of everything else is like easy peasy
lemon squeezy you know what I'm saying
you guys looks like and you loved it you
had a great time and you feel strong and
peaceful as Joanna de says thank you so
much for joining me and if you want more
of these types of workouts go on to
Blogilates you can follow me on
Blogilates pretty much on every type of
social media there is youtube tik-tok
Instagram all that fun stuff so I will
see you again for another workout very
very soon and thank you so much for
working out with me ta Boop today today
that's how do you man thank you so much
for working out with me today I love you
so much bye
