hi everyone I'm Maeve and I am so
excited to announce the PopSugar Fitness
is partnering with people on an
exclusive workout plan
the 21-day total body sculpt includes
quick and effective workouts using RP
ball and P band here's a sneak peak of a
few of the moves from the program are
you ready let's do this so I have
Christina and Danny with me today
and we begin every workout finding our p
stance so shifting your weight into your
heels
feet are hips-width distance soften your
knees squeeze your glutes and lift your
chest to engage your core roll your
shoulders down your back and reach your
arms up in line with your shoulders take
your left leg step back catch the ball
of your foot now create a 90 degree
angle with your left arm bring your
other hand to your hip squeeze your
inner thighs cross and reach and then
return and catch five more reach and
return you're squeezing your inner
thighs creating length in the side of
your body and turning on your obliques
good one more reach and return take your
left leg a little bit wider and drop the
heel bring your arms to your chest palms
face in drive off your front heel as you
rotate and return opening up your chest
and use your inner thighs to return so
continue here to press off your front
heel to turn on this glute and use your
corn your inner thighs to return you
have to bring it in last one really
stretch and return good back to that
peace dance aren't a shoulder height to
wrap your shoulders second side catch
the ball of the foot create the 90
degree angle hand to the hip cross and
reach bring it back weight is in your
standing heel again we're turning on the
inner thighs finding that side stretch
through your body and just starting to
work on a weight transfer
and stability good now take your leg a
little bit wider drop the heel arms to
the chest palms face in presses you
rotate and then squeeze so really
lengthen the arms and then pull it all
back in drive off the front come feeling
the stretch in your inner thigh going
the length through your chest beautiful
you have to now squeeze and hold last
one and return but let's take that back
to that peace dance now taking your left
leg out bring your arms at shoulder
height step out to your side your toes
are pointing directly to your side reach
down lengthen and now turn to an
internal rotation at 45 degrees seven
more so you reach towards your back foot
and then lift and turn the hips the
other way so you're opening your inner
thighs here and then engage your inner
thighs to turn your hips good so you're
keeping the weight in your heels and
focusing on a weight transfer so you
really have to activate those little
stabilization muscles engage your core
last two good lengthen last one and hold
perfect internal 45 hips are square lift
your leg straight up and lower straight
up and lower so this is our internal
rotation in this stance notice that the
toes are pointing front you're getting a
deep stretch in the outside of that
standing hip and your inner thighs are
totally activated here continue to
squeeze and date your core one more up
and rest good bring your knee in towards
your hands squeeze your abdominals and
stretch it out this is our long leg
squeeze so we are working the abdominals
to bring the knee in
and then the glute to extend out the
weight is in the standing glutes drive
the heel down focus on your breath
good so you're really creating length
through your spine this whole time
never arching or rounding forward last
two and stretch last one hold four keep
lengthening through your arms three
squeeze your left glute two and last one
hold at the top bring your knee in
towards your hands engaging your core
and stretch seven more so sit back in
your standing glutes and then stretch
and lengthen
you're firing up that standing leg lots
of balance here again working in that
deep internal rotation you should feel
the stretch in the standing right hip
and your core is working to bring the
knee in that fat food is working to send
the leg out two more and reach beautiful
last one and lengthen return to your
peace dance roll your shoulders out
second side bring your right leg out
step and then internally rotate and
reach that step out wide and reach so
you're creating length in your body here
weight transfer and in so we work in a
lot of these open rotations to create
space and our joint
improve our stability improve our
flexibility last one and hold shift your
weight forward into your front heel
eight like lift up and lower first seven
and lower same thing here keep pressing
into your standing heel and press into
the inside of your blacks big toe you
should feel how that engages all the way
up that inner thigh yeah keep reaching
the fingers long squeezing the core good
now let's go into that long leg squeeze
so lift your leg up and then pull the
knee forward with your abdominals and
then shoot it back by squeezing your
glutes so the core fire is up to bring
the knee in and the back glute fires up
just send the leg out so you can begin
to see how the front of the hip
stretches when the glutes turn on so
this program will focus on turning on
those glutes creating space in your hips
in your joints and it will ultimately
improve your mobility here good last two
and reach that's really stretch this one
last one reach it out and return great
job so now take your left legs back
behind you this time drop your heel
it's that calf stretch reach your arms
out four times send your arms forward or
the straight spine frame your shin and
then lift all the way up and look up
I'll turn to the side so you can see
this you reach forward keeping the spine
straight and then lift up and squeeze
now make sure your weight is in your
front heel so you may have to shift
forward a little bit to drive down with
your front heel and then you'll turn on
that glute even more with this deep
stretch and then use the glute to stand
up
perfect now lift your back heel find box
positions brush holders you row and
reach and bring it in seven more reach
and
so there's a slight rotation in your
core your back hip is kind of turning in
you'll feel more of a stretch and in
your reaching through your arms firing
up that standing glute last one hold
bring your two arms to the front create
a triangle
shift forward lift your leg squeeze the
inner thighs in and out squeeze in and
out good
so keep lengthening here keep pulling
back into your standing heel and return
three lengthen your spine
two and one find your peace stance
great job second side shift your weight
into your front heel and then catch your
right heel down on the floor before we
begin shift for it again arms out take
that stretch tore it all the way down
bring the shin drive through the heel
lift up and stretch good you have three
so you can see her spine is straight and
then on the way up she squeezes this
back glute to get the deeper stretch in
the front of the hip and the more that
you do that the more you'll feel that
length running all the way up through
abdominals and out for your fingers last
one good and reach now let's your right
heel up find your box arm threshold and
row pull it back reach and in
so as you drive your right hand forward
drive your left elbow back squeeze the
inner thighs squeeze the core last two
good last one and hold find your arms in
triangle shift forward lift your leg up
find your balance
squeeze
really seven more squeeze and release
this one is small
lengthen your back leg and squeeze both
of your inner thighs together don't
forget about your standing leg work with
it perfect you have two and one really
nice job and you can go ahead and take
your feet nice and wide and that is it
for today let's take a quick little
cooldown stretch you roll your shoulders
out and just tuck your chin so you can
breathe and let your body hang heavy
shift your weight towards your left side
bringing your right hand down rotate
your torso reach up and in this stretch
just feel that rotation hopefully have a
little bit more mobility than from when
you started this is a length in your
right inner thigh and bring the hands
down second side just transfer your
weight and reach in rotate
here's your bottom and press the floor
away and feel till your feet together so
you're about hips width distance or
slightly closer soften your knees and
roll up to standing one vertebrae at a
time when you get to the top you can
roll your shoulders up and then press
them down your back and thank you again
Dani and Kristina I hope you enjoyed
this Xpress people workout and we can't
wait for you to try our 21-day total
body sculpt we'll see you there
