hey beautiful people today we have CEO
and founder of dance body katya prize
nude Asia I'm so excited to be a pop
sugar today dance body is a dance
inspired fitness program that is
shockingly effective and surprisingly
fun to day for the next 20 minutes we
are going to tone every ounce of your
body just the way that dancers do Dasia
are you ready I'm so ready let's do it
[Music]
okay let's keep you moving today right
now suctioning back your belly button to
your spine relaxing your shoulders we
have Dana and deja doing this workout
together with us opening those arms up
reaching energy through the fingertips
let's reach it through reach and open it
up and push it away finding that energy
in the body reach it through open up
that chest push it away press that arm
around 3 2 we hold it here and press
other side here we go it's a great thing
to keep it moving hold it here just
warming up that body on that rhythmic
beat and twist that me we pushed it away
for four three two our other side right
here rotating around that
push it away four four three two let's
heat it up right here knees in out hold
it take it to the hips that elbow
finding its way to the hip again right
here for four we hold it warming up that
Center take that knee to the elbow let's
twist it side four four three two other
side we go for four warming up those ABS
and we twist
[Music]
hold and we reach down down up up
hold it here crunching through that
Center let's do that again right here
reach up up down down everything dancers
do is rhythmic let's take it to the side
hold it here for four three two we pull
it up we're gonna take that leg to the
side for four suctioning back
bellybutton to spine and crunch it
through take it other side and hold me
right over that ankle we pull it up for
four take it side for four
crunch it through
okay right here light it up done these
and it side to side it's gonna be a
great day because you're starting it
this way right here for four we hold it
need to the elbow round two warming up
the ABS find that rotation through the
body your left side right here for a for
[Music]
rotation
[Applause]
[Music]
right here step it side kick it up get
that knee up first then extend through
that heel hold it Center hold it
punch it holding it mid air right here
and pulse their side same deal
take it down chest up all that weight in
the heel hold it right here crunch it
through for four hold it step on to that
leg go right into a little balance hold
it reaching it through relaxing the
shoulders let's sweep that leg through
sweep it through run them back just
warming up that hip getting ready for
movement there side and we hold finding
that balance using the proprioception to
kind of warm up gain that energy sweep
it front hold it for three two one and
hold okay you're warm
are you warm so on okay are you warm oh
yeah
we are warm we are so warm we're hot
we're gonna start jumping it up rolling
through the feet very important that you
don't hear your body weight coming down
start to follow me we go heel heel
open very very simple to start I want
you to start to feel that body identify
your right foot identify your left foot
and find it
and stay light on your feet don't hear
that weight coming down let's take it
side 3-2 and dig that arm for for
everything else dancers do is very even
push it for reaching through that arm
take it for okay right here cross it up
up for to take it to knees side again up
for to take it to knee side squeezing
your abs sport to you to neat side up
for two let's hold it right here
balance break hold it
me and Dana are going up Dasia is
modifying pull bit and other side
find that balance stay here or lift it
up
okay grapevine here grapevine wave it
out take it back step behind step wave
it out repeat that step behind wave it
out
we turn it to this side we go turn yeah
Thank You Taoiseach three two let's heal
it back four three two turn it and turn
press it reach the arms your lip back
let's go back to the top heel heel open
now you've seen it now you've got it
owning the body feeling the power
through every movement feeling confident
with your placement good let's push it
away for a four
there you go now pull it down press
start to feel your body a little bit
stronger than the last time press it
through
and dip it down
out / - out cross out Pulver -
start to feel that heart rate staying up
there now cross out squeezing the ABS as
you lift that knee up
let's take it crepe fine step behind
step wave it out hi good morning good
evening good afternoon whatever right
wake it out one more
and turn it four three two we heal it
back light on those feet turn it up and
turn four three two back it up one more
round we do turn it out why not now
really push it feel the ends of your
fingertips heel it back light on those
feet we turn it push it up four four
three two one
back it up let's find that balance again
hold right here now you either stay down
or you're coming up on that releve oh
that was close okay other side
hold it raise it up if you can nice job
very well done ladies awesome I'm gonna
replay
yeah we're it's funny okay we're
sweating already so we're doing our job
especially if we're sweating we're
definitely doing our job okay right here
we're gonna go through some hip and rib
isolations bend your knees keep those
hips here we go side find it just let it
bounce not tuck it tuck we're gonna
start to make a square with the hips
front side back side front side let's
smooth it out three two what's up let's
go side back side front side let's
smooth it out four four three let's go
to the ribs
let's add the arms nice we press it
front and back expand the ribs forward
whoo
feel it busting it through then punching
it back let's make that square right
here front side back side front side
back roll it four three two again right
here front side back side front side
back side on four three two one
hold it hold whoa okay
we learn his we learn ribs we're warm
now we are ready to get our heart rate
up even higher are you ready I'm so
ready you're already let it be ready
right here front back we're gonna stay
on that same side I want you to feel
that inner thigh drawing up remember
light on your feet let's switch it up
okay hold it at the center going side
two three four five six hold it
whip it for two let's do that again kick
it side side two three four five six
light on those feet and whip it and whip
it punch it up up
and switch it up light on those feet
okay we're gonna kick it back here kick
it eight seven squeezing your abs
pulling it down we're going into pop ups
if you're modifying go with Dasia right
here down back up down back if you
notice
Dana's doing the really hard version
sorry about that Dana again oh it's all
good there you go
last two last one we're going to the top
front back I feel a real water break
happening blue coming down to warn
everyone there's a hide front back
working out with friends so much easier
just an FYI take it side abs tight let's
do our whip whip it your other side
let's do that again
right here punch it up we go punch it
light on those feet
punch it stay with me as best you can
abs are tight push it back okay you know
what happens after this move you're
popping it up for eight right here down
back up if that timing is tricky you can
go a little slower work your way up to
it
shoulders over your wrists as tight two
last one take it from the top front back
[Applause]
how was that second round I found good
great okay I'm gonna run we're all in
this together we are not machines I
promise you PopSugar does not endorse
machine workout they're real people real
sweat really I promise let's do that
again
side two three four five six hold it
huh we're almost there let's punch it up
punch it
okay pull that leg down hold it here for
four three pop it up your last round pop
it up you have it
commit to the effort here if you can't
do this do something one percent of
something a hundred percent better than
nothing hold it here front and back
you put a smile on your face science
it'll be proven to be a better workout
huh oh great
water break guys advertise let's take
the water nice jobs Asia
oh it's killer job Dana all right we are
back from our much-needed water break
let's go into our plank series we're
gonna go ahead and turn side so you can
see us Dasia will be giving you
beautiful modifications so that if you
can't do these you still can get an
effective workout let's take it down
shoulders over your wrists belly button
to your spine we're starting here
tapping those feet side to side though
right left you want to see little
movement in that body here please make
sure you're nice and stable let's pull
the knee to the elbow up two three four
five six let's move to the arms taking
it straight up right arm left arm hold
that body as much as you can let's do
another round here nice and tight very
stable finding that core okay we're
gonna open it side to side let's start
with the left arms open take it down
back take it down open if you can turn
your head to look to your fingertips
creating a nice long line of energy
but let's take it back to Center down up
touching them knees holding it in so
suctioning it up and into the
bellybutton three last two last one hold
it here we're taking hips half hips up
and over really dipping that hips side
to side four three two one good push
yourself back bend your knees slowly
roll up that spine nice and safe now
your reward we're gonna do some nice
advi-- solutions with rhythmic movement
up and down up and down only to that
side
now let's push with that opposite arm
pressing the energy of their side up and
down hitting those ribs we already warm
this up hold it hit two three four five
six seven right here take up pull the
arms back you can also take this out
this is a real move you can really take
it anywhere it's travel size other side
let's go take it up pull you've got to
be feeling yourself when you're doing
this hold that lasso hold three just get
into it and hold it pull two three let's
take it under for four three two tucking
the ABS crunch two three or pull it
under two let's take it side side to the
right to the left
finding that rhythmic movement
Oh guys okay oh yeah we're super
bumpkins
well I see that huh single single double
hit good single Single Double hit single
single getting that nice rotation on
that body let's take it to the top up
down
hip hit so you want to feel that rib
hitting twice press into it
finding that opposition of movement
there's side push really hit it if you
have it go further hold going back into
that disco move we're up pull it back
into the back huh
sit in that hip hold it lasso push there
is side right here hold it lasso over
press okay finding those ABS isolate
pull it down hey hold it pull two three
four and hold tuck it under four four
three let's do one more hold two three
four on five six seven take it here
quick quick slow
hit hit go hop enjoy it find that
movement go a little further into it
four three last two let's finish it out
last one hold it okay we are gonna amp
it up at this time yeah let's take it
hyah
fair warning
[Music]
we're gonna move into an arabesque move
going back to ballet right here ballet
hold it ballet good nice long arms take
your time
hold it here balance front
to other side hold it
bird for three let's throw it I just
side right here you see the three make
it up first for
[Music]
[Music]
opening
[Music]
okay let's do that one more time running
forward whoa
single Single Double hit good hold it
let's go into the hair back to the side
reach to the super long pointy toe Rita
hottie - hold it right here your balance
forward locking it up other side
hold it me Chris let's do it
[Music]
move it front and back fellas
[Music]
explode those arms too much
hold here
use the space that you have
[Music]
take hold
this is your break let's get serious
working out low body karma through nice
energy pushing again and hold three two
we all been here take it side now me and
Dana are gonna balance use aja it's
gonna be nice to you she's gonna hold it
right there hold it hold it
tucking your hips working those inner
thighs those calves
opening up the chest hear that music
it's gonna take us right back up
you're right
[Applause]
[Music]
enjoying this black high-end hat dance
[Music]
[Applause]
breathe run it up one more signal see
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
we chose arms hold it
sighs inside wear it out nice job you
guys that was tremendous what a great
effort thank you guys so much
so let's cool it down yeah bring the
heart rate back down to earth where it
belongs it's fun to fly up there but we
have to make sure we take a moment take
a breath inhale that body up exhale that
body down it's not a crazy amount of
time you guys twenty minutes it's not
that much hold it right here open up
that chest when you're dancing you are
using every single muscle in your body
it affects things differently it's
important to get out of your comfort
zone
it really is especially with movement
and you know if you don't use it you do
lose it so you want to make sure we keep
it hold it take it and stretch all the
way down turning out that toe press the
arms back let's take it all the way down
hold that stretch look at that top hand
rotate it down into the plunge and open
that back up bringing it back sit back
at that leg flex that foot and hold find
that stretch stay there and breathe into
it
ring it Center let it sway two three
four five six seven eight hold it center
plie stretch be a stretch plie stretch
create now you're slow roll bend your
knees rebuilding that spine hold it
rotate that leg out let's do the other
side reach abs tight hold that body away
find that press three two we reach it
down and hold up to that top arm
I'll bring it down stretch that back leg
exhale that back arm up
beautiful job you guys bring it back
down sit into that back leg flex that
foot and hold two three four five six
seven eight bring it center slowly roll
it up hold and Hill those arms up here
thank that body for being strong for
being willing for allowing you to use it
in this way today last two last one both
arms inhale it up in gratitude exhale it
down and keep it moving thank you guys
so much for joining us today at pop
sugar with deja and Medina you guys are
phenomenal thank you so much for coming
today yeah
[Music]
