hey it's the cold scene today is a
full-body workout to tone every muscle
let's get ready to work all right you
guys ready to my full body workout you
ready to get started let's go ahead and
stretch deep inhale exhale yeah
stretching it out we're gonna warm up
this entire body we're gonna tone it all
up today all right take it down and up
right here yeah side to side good
build up stretch give me a little half
roll all the way to your right other
direction yes you guys now open up those
arms get a nice plie squat so we're
gonna work the whole body the arms abs
the glitz the lake everything's gettin
strong today toning it all up we have
Christelle over here and then we have KC
for modification all right give me two
more squeeze on the up and one bring
those feet to a mid staff and want to
side to side it's right there yeah it's
down squat shooting those hips back
keeping your core engaged warming up the
legs yes
2 & 1 now hold it here down and lift on
me down lift yes
stretching it out warming it up four
more three two now we're turning these
into hip openers yes stretching out the
hip flexor loin area getting it loosened
up three two and one let's go ahead and
set up our torso rotate it out yeah
stretch it right here in four three two
big arm circles get into those shoulders
taking it back give me four three two
now lunges side to side pounds on the
floor lateral lunge over to the right
press it up and down so all right your
left right here three two hold it up
notes your knee
hamstring stretch back to Center lunge
it side to side hold it over to the side
here push it up and down when you're
lunging make sure your knee does not
pass that toe give me four more three
two and one hold it up hamstring stretch
nose to the knees walk it back to Center
give me a little belts right here slowly
roll it up stretch out your back
just it over other side rolled it up all
right I think we're ready right yeah you
feel nice and more and Phil stretch so
here we go so we're gonna start with a
lateral lunge to a front kick
so let's lunge it over to the left and
give me a front kick right there
so on a lateral lunge we're getting into
our abductor area as well as our glutes
this whole side right here is working
we're pushing forward on that kick to
get into the hamstrings on that push
yeah
make sure you're breathing into it you
got it
four more four modifications left Casey
on that you can just step it in and
still get that work last one good job
shake it out
let's get into the other side here we go
put it back
pick it yes
[Music]
good step nice and long think about
stepping long as your leg is you don't
want to undercut it if you really want
to get into that glute muscle that push
off its gonna activate the boot a we
like that right lady oh we love that for
more yeah three two and one good
shake it out here more lunging for you
let's open those legs out nice and wide
toes facing out this diagonal hands go
behind your head
rotating lunge so you're gonna rotate to
your left go down and come back up and
squeeze if the rotation is too much for
you you could just stay like KP and not
do the rotation okay so we're getting
nice and low on that lunge knee to the
floor
yeah working it out squeezing your
glutes every time you come up working
the legs working the buns work in the
body and by having our hands up behind
your head you have to keep that core
intact and your arms are getting a
little bit of work - good keep them
moving and let's hold it here to the
side hold it for 15 seconds get low yes
burn it out we love it we love it
four three two and one
shake shake shake it let's turn it to
the other side ready let's go rotate and
squeeze
so always focus on getting your legs
parallel you want your legs and your
knees your feet to face the same
direction
yeah right there
eight more let's get it eight squeeze
seven six
abs tight elbows up chest up
then two more pulled it down
pulse it right here pulsing yes
get a little lower eight seven six five
four three two and release
shake it out I have a little cardio
burst for you
yeah I love a Burpee so let's get into
it
little one-minute Burpee section take it
up shoot it out and back up you can go
out whatever speed you want it's up to
you you can walk it out if needed push
up whatever works for you but this is
your cardio burst getting your arms
getting your chest Alps leg the Burpee
of the full-body workout and that's what
we're doing here today keep it moving
now if you're feeling spicy you want to
add a little more flavor you can give me
a touch jump record Phil yeah I love
tuck jumps I love jumping period so much
fun come on two more last one good job
you guys
heart rates up all the way up right
don't worry we're gonna bring it back
down let's get into some Grom plie
movements right here
arms out bend those knees we're gonna
pulse it yes nice and low test bill tips
now we're in a wide see us
wide stance you activate the inner
thighs as well as the glutes
let's lift your left heel up pulse it
yes keep pulsing eight seven six five
four three two other side really push
into the toe it activates the glue just
a little bit more six five four three
both hills up now pulsing if you're
finding trouble balancing cut those
hills back down eight seven six five
four three two now hold it here push it
back getting into the back of those
glutes push push and your arms are
working as they push back for eight
seven six five four three two and one
down and up so down squeeze still
working the legs still working the
glutes now we're getting our arms a
little bit more involved and our cows
yes you guys anytime if you want to add
more to this full body workout you can
grab a pair of weights that's fine do
what is going to work for you and your
body challenge yourself give me four
more three but we are definitely feeling
it without any type of weights
full body workouts using your own body
weight that's all you need last one
great job shake it out let's get more
into these legs into these glutes curtsy
lunge to a front kick right here so
you're gonna take the left knee back to
a curtsy a diagonal and then kick right
there yes down kick nice and slow nice
and controlled if you're having balance
this year do you want to go a little
wider you could just tap yes
really burning out the glute muscle and
then when you do your roundhouse kick
past you are turning your knee forward
yes so you're getting into the top of
your hip right there four more three
- last one pulled it back and pulse it
right here
15 seconds burn it out get a little
lower yeah how low can you go that's
right eight seven six five four three
two and release oh right there
fire it up buns esteem babies all right
let's get to the other side here we go
remember Neagle behind the front he'll
then kick yes right he'll kick exhale on
the exertion - yes there you go good can
you give me just seven more right here
push through get up there get low yes
come on three two
one hold it back and pulse low yes 15
seconds let's get it right here
lower 6 5 4 3 2 & 1
alright we were in the curtsies now
we're stepping back giving me in ballet
we call this balance a we're gonna take
it up you can stay here
and jump we're gonna skate skate cardio
bursts again I love my cardio burns come
on one full minute here you can stay up
to make it a little easier you could
just tap or you can jump like you're
jumping over a puddle don't want to get
your Louboutins wet come on let's go
skate it skate it out reach for the
floor keep your abs engaged still
nothing it's hurting your back keep
those knees bent keep moving keep
burning for ten nine yes eight seven six
five give me four three two and one
oh so fun so fun all right we're gonna
work our obliques and our thighs arms as
well bend your right leg left arm up
lift and lower lift and lower
so you're lifting with your oblique
muscle here yes
lift lift there you go six five
four three two
now hold impulse hold ten nine eight
seven six five get it four three two
hold and release all this side should
have felt that burn right and it did
okay good I hope you filled out home -
let's try the other side
let's go lift turn that heat forward you
have to think about the muscle that you
want to work so many times people say
fill it in the leg I'm standing on I'm
not filling in the one that's moving you
have to send to your body so the muscle
do you want to work activate you got to
fire them up four more three to find
that balance and pulse ten nine eight
seven six five four three two hold and
release last little cardio drive right
here squat jumps midstance this time
because we want to shoot our hips back
you're gonna touch the floor jump it up
come on
I just need 30 seconds you with me girls
yeah let's get it full-body abs are
pulled in glutes push back reaching for
the sky sky's the limit
we got this heart rate up breathe
I need eight seven six five four three
two and one alright we are gonna grab
our mats take it to the floor let's
start with some push up do hit doesn't
love a push-up I'm not sure I really
don't I'm not gonna lie I don't care for
them but I know if I don't like it that
means I should do it so we're doing
push-ups with the downward dog toe tops
you're gonna have your hands directly
underneath your shoulders take it down
take your hand to your right foot and
tap yes
down and tap so if this is too hard for
you you can always go on your knees and
then you see Casey she's not giving a
tap she's pushing up to downward dog
yes we're just gonna get it all the way
up here get that chest to the floor push
your hips up I'm not down with dog so
you're getting a nice abdominal workout
on that cards can you get me ten boy I
suppose and if you can't beat your toes
you can reach for your ankle yes
six more five exhale on the up or
three two last one oh you did it you did
it get a little stretch push-ups our
best friend right crush them though not
really
we love to hate them alright we're gonna
go into some Superman's breaking our
lower back so look down to the floor
squeeze and lift your legs and your arms
and release take it up and down so a lot
of times people have back pain and it's
because they're not working from their
back your back needs to be worked on
just as much as your front now I say
whatever you do in the front you got to
do in the back right whatever you do for
your abs you have to do for your lower
back
so that's what we're doing right here
eight more eight seven six and squeeze
those legs squeeze the glutes squeeze
the back four three two now I want you
to hold up this last one let's take a
swim imagine you're in the ocean pebble
Hawaii swimming with the sharks seven
six five four three two hold and release
great work push it back yes Child's Pose
for a little baby stretch flip it over
get more into these arms some tricep
dips you're gonna have your hands facing
forward bend your knees and we're going
to just push up and down up and down so
you really want to push all the way up
high enough to feel a little burn in the
back of those arms yes if you have wrist
issues you can go a little lighter like
what Casey's doing yes give me two more
we're gonna add a challenge lift your
left leg
yes pick it up eight and down seven six
five four three two and let's switch
here we go take it down up eight seven
six think about pushing away from the
floor give me four more three two and
one both feet down last eight right here
eight seven six five get into those arms
four they should be burning are they
ladies yeah yes two and one you did it
oh yeah shake that out let's lie down on
our back we're gonna work these glutes
all right bring those knees in push up
for some glute bridges right here up and
do eight seven six so the key for this
move is to squeeze on the up I like to
imagine that my butt is rock card every
time I come up yes three two this also
helps to tighten your lower back as well
now let's lift our left leg to the
ceiling right here
take it up and down if your leg gets
tired like Casey you could put it on
your knee or to modify it four more
three two let's hold it up there pulse
it pulse it ten nine eight seven six
five four three two hold and release
other leg let's go down and up seven six
now if you ever want to challenge for
this glute bridge you can always come up
on your heel or your toe or even put a
weight in your lap yes let's hold it up
pulse it ten nine eight seven
five four three two hold and release
back to singles eight seven six five
four getting that whole posterior chain
right now hold it up
open open really push into your shoulder
so you can get a little higher four
three two now squeeze those knees in
squeeze squeeze make your knees touch
getting a little inner thigh action here
too come on give me four three two now
hold those knees together eight seven
push up higher six five four three two
and release I told you full body little
body bring the leaves and get a little
shaky shake and let's flip it over to
our side so we're gonna lie down to our
side working our obliques count behind
your head you're looking at the ceiling
you're looking at your right hip and
take it up and down up and down so your
legs are in a ninety degree angle
think about your ribs coming down to
your hip pose that's how you want your
out break up so go right now four more
three two now hold it up and pull for
eight seven six five four three extend
your right arm out your feet
eight seven six five four three two come
up on your left forearm and bring it in
in six five four three now bring it in
and out
make your elbows and knees touch push up
away from the floor working out right
oblique muscle four more
think of your body like an accordion
coming in out now can't give me the ups
side the ups right here keep those legs
together six if it's too challenging
stay with the bent knees for or you can
do a little one leg like AC two and one
yes you guys let's get it to that other
side turn those knees down here we go
look at your hips take it up and down so
when you're doing apps you want to look
straight up don't let the chin come down
to the test make sure you're not forcing
your head with your hands do these two
more
hold it up and pulse it right here eight
seven six five four three two extend
that left arm for eight seven
five four three come up to your right
forearm left knee left elbow four six
five four three bring it in and out like
this in and out in and out yes
working that core working those ABS
three two I'd be up right here reach and
lean back there you go
yes four more three two and one you did
it good job a little stretch right there
way to work you guys all right we're
going to take it to a side plank so take
it to your left elbow and I want you to
come up right here we're gonna do side
plank dips take it down and up so you're
really getting into that oblique muscle
up you push up higher if you need to go
a little easier put your knee on the
floor
three two hold it up lift that top leg
and hold for eight seven six five four
three two and release good other side
let's get into it press it up right here
yes and dip down and up right there
keeping those legs straight six five
four three two and one hold it top leg
eight seven six five four three two and
release good job we're gonna take it to
our back we're gonna do some D ups I
just added that it so although we did
side now we're gonna go straight so if
you want to go a little easier you could
do one at a time me and Chris tell we're
gonna do 10 single both legs up ready
all the way up ten nine eight seven six
five four three two and one good job
little extra special thing for you right
there all right let's take a chill plank
you guys we're coming to the end we got
to finish strong so go on the forearms
link elbows and toes we're gonna go
ahead take it threat and back like that
forward and back yes right there eight
seven six five give me four three two
one holder here give me some knee tops
knee taps yes give me eight seven six
five
one three two now I want you to give me
toe top side to side like this side side
still getting those abs burnin I know
we're up here for a while push away from
the floor four eight seven six five
almost there four three two and one can
we just hold this plank for ten nine
eight seven squeeze everything five four
three two and one
yes did you get a nice full body workout
y'all I think we got every muscle right
toned it all up let's push up to a Cobra
Oh stretch out those ABS you just worked
take it back to a child's pose great
work yes let's take it up all fours
bring it up and out up and out
one more good let's bring those feet
together slowly roll it up yes get that
full body stretch in deep inhale exhale
knee tilt it over to your left
stretching off the side great Rick take
it flat and down nails to the need go
ahead and take it down to the lunge and
put back knee that back knee on the
floor
I want you to stretch out the hip
flexors yeah so good bye
[Music]
release take a dowel Mills to the need
and all the way up to the other side
reaching to the opposite side of the
room flap back take it down and then
down to a lunge take up me to the floor
arms up push into it
quads hip flexor get down stretch still
necessary bring it down
press up walk it to the center pull
through the lay hands on the floor bend
the knees and sway it side to side
slowly roll it up I'm going to give me a
little stretch by right here other side
pull it all the way up give you a deep
inhale exhale way to go ladies and you
just completed full body workout
[Music]
