hi my name is Marni Alton and I
developed this ten minute Barnes by our
extending core series to really fire up
your abs and your glutes you don't need
any equipment just a good time start by
just shaking out in your hands in your
feet we always want to stimulate blood
bring it back to the heart if you want
you know a little jump side to side
let the vibration relax your neck and
John bass and shoulders kind of letting
it all go today we're gonna be focusing
on your abdominal muscles your glute
muscles it's gonna be quick it's gonna
be bananas
overhead let your belly open exhale
bring it back down one more time big
breath you want your belly to expand and
then contract then from here bring your
feet parallel and do a quick quick run
sweating your arms forward and back
watch your posture keep your spine long
and make some heat by speeding up your
feet eight counts two three four five
six seven now bring your legs tight
together inhale your arms back up
keeping your awareness and your stomach
exhale draw your navel in opening your
chest and bring your right foot forward
lift it up flex your foot and point your
foot immediately you're establishing
balance Circle your foot one way Circle
it the other way either like forward
flex and point your foot keep your chest
open circle your ankle either direction
your abdomen will activate to hold you
still feet back down inhale your arms up
drop your shoulders hold to your right
wrist and bend to the side squeeze your
right glute that'll open your hip roll
your shoulders squared and bring your
breath between your ribs so in all those
intercostal muscles
those are abs to either arm up and over
so you stretch out of your hip and then
to a side Bend tuck under and roll your
shoulder back when we're big breath then
bring both arms up and back open through
your throat Kiara
over here will be showing modification
so if you have sensitive shoulders or
next you can option to bring your hands
to your low back otherwise really
stretch long and try to surrender your
chest skyward hope for one more in and
exhale grip in your glutes and then
stand tall bring your feet out around
forward shake and nod your head like
gravity do some of the work here bend
and straighten either knee this will
awaken your hamstrings and your
hamstrings actually lift the bottom of
your glutes so you want to keep them
active inhale your back flat you can
bring your hands to the earth your shins
are all the way up to your thighs take
an inhale exhale bow your head check
your chin roll up inhale your arms up
and overhead gather energy gather breath
and oxygen on your exhale drop down down
and again watch Keira ERL show a
slightly modified version that's going
to involve less movement
tarah is gonna go big and maybe even add
a little jump up four more times down
notice that your ribs and hips come
together and apart two more times exhale
and lift one more time exhale down stand
toss if your feet a little wider out and
circle to the right
so we want to try to get really nice and
still through your ribs and just work
your hips and this way you'll get all
your internal obliques external obliques
eight more counts one two with your arms
overhead you're getting this eccentric
stretch this lengthening the
strengthening other way circle around
let yourself really isolate through your
abdominals eight more counts one two
three four five six seven bring your
arms out reach to your right reach reach
expanding and stretching what you
reaching for whoa glass of water cuz I'm
sweating over here seven and switch
other arms stretch out out really
finding that energetic push you can go a
little smaller or really reach out one
of eight to three exhale every time you
do that movement we're at seven bring
both arms up now right knee up getting a
little more deep crunch through your
side waist eight more times one two you
can bring your knee higher or go girls
go seven other side up so feeling again
they're coming together and apart in
your side ribs and hips eight more one
whew two three but we only have ten
minutes five six seven go bring your
legs out find your right knee bring your
hands to prayer bend your right knee and
straighten on the up expand your arms
out now some specifics this knee is
straight
the only knee bending is the right one
you can change your arms to be a little
more dynamic and again more of that
stretch in your stomach put your weight
on your heel and that's how you'll get
the deep-blue work you can option to add
a step in or to a full pase pase just
means to bring your knee and your foot
together really get low and high the
more distance you take up the more depth
of contractions gonna happen in that
right glute four more times then hold it
for your a two and three hold your passe
or come with your legs together step
your foot back drop down and up
come to a parallel posture so that your
knees and your shoulder joints are all
facing forward
no turnout and the energy really in your
front heel add a step forward back
forward again you can always modify you
can try something different every day
you can try something and go back to
what felt better option bring your knee
up up recognize now that you're getting
that extra abdominal crunch option
turned into a full that MA go time so
we're stretching your hamstring working
your glute activating your rectus
abdominis for more we're Chu your three
every time you adjust your balance your
core engages and sculpts hold tuck your
tailbone tuck these very bar inspired
tucks our reverse crunches for your
stomach and they lengthen your hip which
helps activate your glute as well now
turn it to a circle circle spiraling
energy through your waistline eight
counts you're at three four five six
seven find the center of your chest pull
it forward stretch your back leg long
now pull your right knee up how still
and low can you get on this front thigh
breathe out and you'll get a massage to
the low internal organs that glute work
on your front leg eight more counts one
two three put energy in and you'll
create energy six seven stand up other
side dude oh yeah now we're moving to
your left side starting off by figuring
out where you're starting from how does
it feel good connect to the breath so
breathe out on the up if you'd like you
can change your arms they go down if
you're feeling any sensitivity in your
knee don't go down as low and double
check that your weight is in your heel
not your toes out of step in breathe out
very control of business is your choice
wide hello do you want to go today and
let the feeling in your body to find
that maybe to pass that up down for more
one down up to down up three remember
you hold it for hold it for let yourself
away go step back to the parallel lunge
tuck your tailbone under to activate
your core lower down and up you can
choose to do more static arms for the
stability of your shoulders if you'd
like breathe on the up and up add a step
as an option step back and forward
propel your forward step from the
muscles in your right glute option bring
your knee up exhale option batma how are
you going about my oh yeah boy
one two we're at three hold weight and
you're here tuck again now your hips
move forward forward
think about the hip bones rotating up to
your chin turn it to a circle circling
around new four more times five six
seven hold your stomach taut hinge
forward left knee up up embrace that
fire let it really burn through your
back leg up eight more exhale to don't
leave any stale air in your lungs use
your abdominal muscles to push it out
where it's seven and step out wide hmm
take a few legs over this around our
body is this cool intricate organism
circle the other way and your stomach is
working holding yourself up it's working
to maneuver and create these spirals in
your hips hold pushing your heels to are
constantly harnessing the power of your
glutes bring your arms back open your
chest right elbow down and then back up
right elbow down and up go down
check in with yourself are you hunching
around day if so push your head back
into your arms two more like that one
more like that move to the other side
down and up there's a metabolic lift
that can be really heightened by bending
even deeper into your plie
form or where it's you that's three you
only have a couple of minutes left hold
press side to side now work to really
keep your low body still by squeezing
your glutes wrapping your abdomen in and
press out out out out out out sixteen
counter one two three four five six
seven address Hill one two three four
five six seven eight and really come on
down allow your hips to open up
surrender to gravity step your right
foot out keep it flexed so this dorsal
flexion it really speaks to how the rest
of the leg stretches we want all that
blood to come up through the hamstring
into your glute and the breath to bring
air down into your belly so we're
feeding those muscles as they repair and
then turn to a side lunge stretch your
glute is awake now after that almost 10
minutes of work so give it a little
squeeze and can you feel how that opens
the front of your hip - that's what I
mean about your body being kind of this
intricate organism it's always
partnering with itself take a step
forward as you exhale
flex your front foot to begin with and
work to rotate your right hip forward
pull your heart open recognize that the
shape of your back affects the feeling
of stretch in your low body lower your
front toes bow your head fold your
forehead all the way to your shin if you
can or see where you're at today and
when you come back to play tomorrow see
where you're at then
then from there turn back through Center
lower down and to your original turned
out hip opener and we'll do the left
side
so we're lingering just a little bit
longer in this stretch because the
stretch isn't something superfluous it's
really an important part of the whole
process of being well of being strong
turn to the side squeeze your left glute
allow that to create some more space in
your hip a little check your face take
half a step forward flex your front foot
play around with the shape of your back
and the length of your knee progress not
perfection progress every day exhale
lower your toes and fold in you bring
your chin all the way to your chest
you're beginning to massage the organs
and glands in your throat as you pull
your abdomen in you're doing the same
thing to the ones in your belly and just
rotate both feet forward back through
Center heel toe them till they're about
hip-width pull to either elbow and shake
side to side a flexible back gives us
much more access to the abdominal
muscles tuck your stomach in and roll up
let your arms hang like a rag doll take
two more big breaths inhale up again
feeling that your stomach expands exhale
hands down one more breath inhale this
time bring your hands to prayer
bring the prayer down rest it on your
heart
feel the earth under your feet remember
that she'll always catch you when you
fall lift your eyes to the light follow
it today always have a very cool day see
you again
