hi I'm clay Webb and welcome to your
restorative yoga practice this practice
you're going to be holding poses for a
little bit longer so just listen to your
body breathe into each pose and follow
your intuition so go ahead and bring
your knees a little bit wider than hip
distance apart and relax yourself back
if you feel a lot of pressure on your
knees you can always put a towel or
something underneath your thighs to make
you feel more comfortable take a deep
inhale and exhale completely relax and
surrender realize this is the most
important part of your week your
recovery this is where you'll grow the
most where you'll feel the most
so bring your hands together to touch
and bring your palms together until the
back wherever they land is fine take a
deep inhale and exhale chalk sure your
navel towards your spine so you get this
nice stretch underneath your arm
and slowly round up one vertebrae at a
time and come up to tabletop tuck your
toes under in the back knees are hip
distance apart and spread your fingers
wide on your mat ground down between
your knuckles and fingertips and rotate
the eyes of your elbows forward tuck
your chin into your chest and round your
back for cat and arch workout again
round for cat and our chicken
and now start to circle your hips in
your head just organically on the mat
whatever feels good just be freeing your
body see how your body feels today and
how it wants to move and then flow in
the opposite direction and if you feel a
little uncommon and come back Center and
this time bring your knees together to
touch and come back into Child's Pose
this time wrapping your arms around your
thighs take a deep inhale and exhale
completely let go this pose is relieving
tension from the centre of your shoulder
blades
now these saying that stagnant energy
[Music]
the more you stretch the more you grow
[Music]
slowly come up one vertebra at a time
and bring your knees out wide again on a
mat we're going to thread the needle
from here bring the right arm all the
way under and the left arm overhead and
relax your head down to the ground take
a deep inhale and exhale palm can be
facing down and up whatever feels good
in your body and you have an option to
stay here or reach the left arm up and
then bring it all the way over and grab
the inside of that wherever you are just
breathing I invite you to close your
eyes and just surrender to the stretch
[Music]
[Music]
we'll slowly come up
switch sides right the left arm
underneath palm facing up or down right
arm comes up and option to reach it
around and grab the thigh or you get
your hand can rest on your lower back
deep inhale and exhale completely relax
and slowly come back Center and plant
your hands down tuck your toes under in
the back and lift your hips for
downward-facing dog bend your right knee
stretch through your left bend your left
knee stretch through your right and
slowly come back Center and walk your
feet up coming into goddess pose slowly
bend your knees and come up place your
fingers on your thighs fingertips facing
away from you and drop your right
shoulder to get a nice twist a nice
stretch in your hips and also all the
way up your spine so just breathe into
that stretch options and gently shift
from side to side just feel the beauty
in each breath stretch and then slowly
switch sides so now dropping the left
shoulder pressing out on the thighs
breathing deep here inhale and exhale
relax
and come back Center heel toe your feet
together place your left hand down and
your right arm up twist play a little
bit with articulation of the spine
slowly round the spine and then arch as
you press your hips away from you you'll
feel yourself going deeper into the
stretch again one more time round the
back lower back is round and then arch
and then send those hips away from you
and slowly switch sides right hand down
left arm up take a deep inhale and you
can always gain gaze down for balance
and up for a challenge
rounding the back to feel the
articulation of the spine and then arch
and sand those hips
all the twists in yoga just detoxify
your body your internal organs increases
the blood flow and slowly bring that
left hand down and slowly come down into
my last in the squat bring your heels in
toes stay out and this might be a little
bit painful so if you need to come up a
little bit that's okay otherwise go
ahead and sink down to what feels
comfortable to you take a deep inhale
and exhale use your knees to press and
towards your elbows and use your elbows
to press out against your knees and
breathe it's gonna be a little bit of
pain here a little bit of pressure but
if you feel any pinching you want to
come out otherwise you speed through a
little bit of discomfort it's gonna
release some of that tension and rock
tapassin slowly plant your hands down
and step back into downward facing dog
slowly bring your right knee forward
between your palms for Pigeon inhale
lengthen and exhale melt your heart
forward place your hands underneath your
head and relax completely
if this puts any pressure on your knee
you can come onto your back into
figure-four for modification otherwise
just relaxing all the way down
deep inhale and exhale side
can you release and let go of all but
surrender into the moment
and slowly press your cellphone and
we're gonna go back through down dog and
switch sides but if you're on your back
you can just switch side and then bring
the left knee forward inhale lengthen
exhale relax down hands underneath the
head gently rock your hips from side to
side really settle in nice and
comfortable
[Music]
and slowly put your hands down and come
up now we're gonna step forward with the
right leg coming into lizard right foot
outside the right hand back knee is down
you have the option of staying here on
your hand and just leaning that way
forward you're gonna feel the stretch in
the front of your thigh or you can come
down to your elbows for a deeper stretch
wherever you're at gently rock forward
and back to a deep inhale and exhale can
you relax your head a little more just
completely surrender into the pose
[Music]
a lot of people like to skip the
stretches but the stretches are the most
important part they actually help you
recover faster because they move lactic
acid oxygen in your blood in your body
at a faster rate so your healing is
going to be faster and your muscles will
repair faster
[Music]
and if you're on your elbows go ahead
and come back up to your hands take your
right hand and press the right knee away
from you open the heart option is stay
here or bend the back knee reach back
towards the foot opening the heart even
more if you can grab the foot use the
foot to open your heart even further so
you feel your body opening in so many
different places just breathe into the
stretch option to close your eyes and
surrender
[Music]
and slowly release that foot and back
down heel toe your foot to the center of
the mat and walk your toes up two or
three inches and shifters and hips back
for half split inhale lengthen and
exhale melt it's okay here to have a
nice juicy bend in that front knee just
make sure you're relaxing your heart on
your thigh with each breath inhale and
exhale melt a little bit deeper maybe
straighten the leg a little bit more
just take your time and be gentle with
your body your body works hard for you
so this is your opportunity to breathe
into those spaces that have worked so
hard show them a little love
[Music]
[Music]
inhale bend the knee and come forward
place your hands on the inside of the
foot you were just gonna switch sides so
right leg comes back the left leg comes
forward again just starting with that
nice looser lunge just breathing into it
one step at a time this is easy for you
come down to your forearms shifting the
weight forward and back breathing into
each movement
can you let your head go Eva more keys
surrender
[Music]
and if you came down to your forearms
come back up to your hands and open up
placing your left hand all your knee
press that knee away from you open your
heart and if you went further on the
other side bend that back knee reach
back for the foot if you can grab the
foot you use the foot to open the heart
relax the head that okay to keep a
bending your elbow whatever feels good
or you can straighten it start to feel
what feels good in your body they're all
made beautifully different you can do
whatever variation or even your own
variation that's the beauty of yoga it's
creative it flows with you
slowly bring that hand down and he'll
tell the left foot to the center of the
mat walk the toes up a couple inches and
shift the hip back you want to make sure
you're flexing that foot towards the
face even if you're bending the knee and
melt forward relax your heart on to the
thigh because that's helping massage
your ace ending and descending :
it's going to help you improve your
digestion we all love that because we
all have to eat right I got Amen on that
exhale completely relax
[Music]
can you surrender even more breathing
and to each stretch
and slowly bending me and come forward
and he'll tell their left foot out to
the left and coming back cross your
knees up underneath you and come on to
your sit bones bring your legs out in
front of you inhale arms up and exhale
forward inhaling exhale fold deeper if
you want to bend your knees here so that
you can relax more feel good about just
bending your knees melting your heart on
your thighs and then with each exhale go
a little deeper and it's not just
straighten your legs a little bit
you
slowly round up or invertebrate at a
time bring your feet and your knees into
your chest feet together to touch and
scoot your hips as close to your heels
as you can comfortably grab on to your
ankles and press your elbows against
your thighs as you slowly fold forward
and drop your head down completely let
go take a deep inhale and exhale relax
another deep inhale and exhale relax can
you release your thoughts and listen to
your breath
[Music]
slowly round up one vertebra at a time
bring the knees into your chest and then
sing your feet out I'm gonna do a wide
leg full of fold inhale lengthen and
exhale walk your hands out in front of
you go as far as you want to go maybe
you're just coming down to your forearms
and stopping there
wherever you are flex your feet back
towards your face inhale lengthen and
exhale maybe go and roll over to further
inhale lengthen exhale a little bit
further
just breathe into it if you feel like
your forehead is down lengthen your
torso and try to bring your chest down
to the room
[Music]
slowly round up one vertebra at a time
and walk your hands over to your left
flex your feet and slowly melt over your
left leg deep inhale and exhale
surrender how much can you let go
breathing into the back of the thigh
maybe walk a little bit further and
slowly walk your supper I'm gonna go to
the other side take a deep inhale and as
you fold exhale and the first fold
doesn't have to be that deep you're just
prepping your body then inhale lengthen
exhale go a little deeper this time and
surrender your head
surrender your mind relax your shoulders
see if you can gently just melt into the
pose no matter how many times I've done
yoga it's always a little bit tight
I always feel it too and that's what I
love about stretching and yoga it's
about a journey
enjoying the journey
deep inhale and exhale slowly round up
one vertebra at a time and bring the
feet together knees together to touch
we're going to cross the ankles and roll
up to our knees we're going to prep for
puppy dog pose and this pose the first
level is just bring your hands out in
front of you and melting your heart
towards the ground
you can keep your toes tucked or
untucked if this is easy for you you can
slide all the way through bringing your
heart to the ground
and press yourself huh
and bring your legs up underneath you
again sitting back on your hips and
scoot your hips towards your heels
hiding to the front of your mat engage
your core and slowly relax down one
vertebra at a time
feet are hip distance apart see if you
can feel your heels so just your
fingertips to lightly graze your heels
take a deep inhale and exhale relax
inhale lift your hips for bridge pose
option to clasp your hands up underneath
you and come a little bit more on your
shoulders
and slowly unclassy our hands and slowly
come down feet to the sides of your mat
knees together right hand comes over
your heart left hand over your abdomen
and just feel your breath deep inhale
and exhale
allow your body to take that in to
settle
we're gonna do another bridge and an
option for a wheel pose but if you like
to just stay right here and breathe
that's absolutely
if you're going for another bridge go
ahead and bring your feet parallel knees
over your feet palms facing down inhale
lift your hips and if you want to go for
the wheel place your hands beside your
ears like a deep inhale as you press
yourself up into just really breathing
into your back you can walk your feet to
your hands or your hands to your feet
whatever feels comfortable than your
father
relax your head
so they come down one vertebrae at a
time
feet to the sides of the mat knees
together this time left hand over your
heart right hand over your abdomen and
breathe deep inhale deep exhale sigh it
up and slowly lengthen your legs along
the ground bring your right knee into
the chest and leave your left leg long
flex both feet towards the face and
circle the ankle clockwise and
counterclockwise
straighten the right leg to the sky take
it inhale bring the forehead towards the
need to leave in the spine and slowly
down
bring that knee into the chest and cross
it over your body for a spinal twist and
stack your shoulders so that you can get
your knee all the way down and then
cactus your arm and allow gravity to
open I like to call this the free
chiropractic adjustment no hundreds of
dollars you can just get your mat and do
the adjustment take a deep inhale and
exhale breathe
and bring that knee in towards the check
and just switch sides right leg is long
flexing both foot and circle the left
ankle clockwise and counterclockwise and
straighten the left leg towards the sky
inhale forehead to knee to lengthen the
spine exhale slowly relax down bend that
knee into your chest and take it across
the body again stock the shoulders get
the knee down first and cactus the arm
and turn the opposite edge deep inhale
and exhale
feel how good it feels to just love your
entire body with these stretches and
poses bring the back into the show bring
both knees into the chest give them a
little squeeze one last squeeze and then
relax your legs down heel to the corner
of the mat and now we'll start our
meditation take a deep inhale and exhale
today's meditation will be a chakra
meditation the energy centers that
govern your body starting with the root
chakra is located at the base of your
tailbone visualize the color red and
allow the mantra I am secure to flow
through every cell of your body I am
secure moving to your sacral chakra
visualize the color orange allow that
color orange to fill your entire body
and allow the mantra I am expressing to
flow through every cell of your body I
am
we're moving to the solar plexus
visualize the color yellow allow this
color yellow to fill your entire body
allow the mantra I stand in my power to
flow through every cell of your body I
stand in my power and now moving to the
heart chakra visualize the color green
take a deep inhale and exhale allow this
color green to fill your entire body and
allow the mantra I give and receive love
for you allow it to flow through
everything good like I give and receive
love
[Music]
now moving through the throat chakra
visualize the color blue blue as the
ocean flowing through every stone their
body and allow this launcher to flow
I speak my truth allow it to flow
through every cell of your body
I speak my truth and now moving to the
third I visualize the color of purple
flowing through every cell of the body
and feel the mantra I follow my
intuition fill it flow through every
cell of your body I follow my intuition
and moving to the crown chakra visualize
a white thousand pilar lotus floating
above your head
shining beautifully from the muck from
the dirt
rising up divinely and allow the mantra
I am divinely guided allow that mantra
to fall through every cell of your body
I am divinely guided take a deep inhale
and exhale feel the balanced energy in
your body feel your strength radiating
through every cell as your energy is now
balanced
feel the vibration of life whoever saw
your back
take a deep and exhale
the way your fingers whether you're
telling me no awareness to your body
gently bring your knees into your chest
and rock crease I'm teasing you gently
rock over to your left side placing your
hand underneath your hand just allow a
moment for your body to shut on and
visualize yourself protecting in a white
clear quartz crystal as if you were
being rebirth to a new beginning slowly
push yourself up to a comfortable seated
position
inhale bring your hands above your head
exhale your hands start cinnamon the
divine and me these honors and
recognizing the divine
thank you so much for joining us and
we'll see you next time
