hey friends today you're in luck because
we have Nike cool bro master trader the
Tina goes out here to lead us through a
hit training workout thanks Anna
so today's workout is going to be a ton
of fun I'm gonna challenge you through a
variety of intervals through a bunch of
different movements to really get you
see ya so all you'll need for this
workout is a set of lights and medium
dumbbells or just your beautiful self
alright alright you ready to warm up
right alright so Britney back here is
gonna be taking it to some modifications
and Anna is gonna be kicking it I'm
gonna try to keep up with her all right
so let's go ahead and take it to some
knee hugs so we're gonna bring the knee
up to our chest hug it tight
I want the shoulders down really give it
a nice squeeze and then we'll switch to
the other side I'm just starting to get
into with your breath yeah posture nice
and tall trying to get full extension
through the hip and then if you're
feeling really good and want to get a
little single leg work maybe go into
that ball of your foot oh yeah
alright let's get a few more here last
one each side laughs all right so now
we're gonna go ahead and take the feet
nice and wide we're gonna go into a
lateral squat so we're gonna go ahead
and shift to one side bring the arms
forward and let your hips head back and
then stand it up oh yeah waking up the
legs yep
[Music]
you want a little more from this you can
even bring that toe up and sink in a
little more
yeah it's a little bit deeper but I want
you to still focus on having stability
through those hips so that core engage
as you're shifting side to side all
right we're gonna go one more but we'll
stay with the shift we're gonna get a
little reach out of there so last one
now I want you to shift to the side and
as you're shifting you're gonna rotate
and touch big reach up get a rotation
that is mine yeah let's go oh yeah so
now you're filling that chest open up a
little more into that adductor inside of
those legs yeah yup let's get one more
each side up this one last one so now
we're gonna bring our feet a little bit
closer together we're doing a bottoms-up
squat so you can watch me first you're
gonna hand out the hips touch your toes
bend the knees bring the arms up so core
tight and then stand up so then you'll
feel it's a little bit harder to get
super low and those arms are up as low
sound good yeah alright let's pinch then
immediate core tight arms up
stand it up gonna do that again yep good
breathing Anna perfect hinge whew arms
up
stand up
I'll ask you here yep good breathing
really opening up those hips right
hamstrings yeah that's it the whole map
all right we got one more after this
let's stand it up last one hinge it
forward bend those knees arms up and
then stand it up yeah huh so now we're
gonna finish up two more exercises we're
gonna go on our back going into a bridge
so laying on your back go a few inches
away from those hands if they're laying
out I want you to peel your back off the
ground squeezing your butt we're just
gonna hold I'm just gonna turn with your
breath tailbone Tokarev Cajun oh yeah
yup so now with those arms on the ground
build tension to the ground we're gonna
take our right heel into the ground as
we bring our left knee to our chest try
to keep that spine neutral and let's
switch it out you feel that blue oh yeah
just woke up immediately
wake up booty so slowly switch it out
one foot at a time
at your own pace and I'll need to rush
it I just want you to focus on keeping
that core engaged the whole time
work oh yeah trying to keep the hips up
yeah my when you live it is so hard
yup last one here whoo here we go
last one all right slowly bring your
hips down if you can actually maybe just
roll over to your side and push yourself
up we're gonna swing the legs around
we're gonna go into a forearm plank and
Brittany's gonna do the plank on her
knees so we'll go into that plank bring
yourself down pump yourself up we're
just gonna focus on keeping that nice
strong plank to start so yep looks so
simple I know the simplest plank
probably one of the hardest moves yeah
yeah so if you're feeling good I want
you to go ahead and add a little
movement so we're gonna lift one leg so
right leg up and then switch left leg up
so nice and slow
I want you to pretend like you're
balancing something on your hips
yeah
that makes the plague harder let's get a
few more here
I stopped one more each side
well I'm are you can sweaty me too last
one flourish has opened up here alright
let's go ahead and relax walk yourself
back ladies feeling good feeling great
good you feeling good all right nice and
warmed up so now we're gonna go into our
intervals this is gonna be a ton of fun
we're working through six different
movements and we're working through two
rounds those are going to be a little
bit longer
then we're gonna go into a super round
or they're just gonna be boom boom
alright so this first round I just want
you to take your time get used to the
movement because when we get to those
later rounds are really gonna kick it up
got it - the first one grab your
dumbbells if you want them we are going
to go into a squat 12 front punch so
we're going into that front rack
position sitting back into the hips and
then we're gonna rotate and rotate you
ready
here you go three two one we're on squat
punch punch
yes whoo so right now just getting that
nice easy pace focusing on your form
whoo oh yeah I smart
Anna delimit killin it Britney how you
feeling I'm feeling good whoo
so you're feeling good if you want to go
a little bit faster go for it right now
we're getting that heart rate up get
aggressive with that puppy yeah there we
go ten more seconds
whoa oh yeah five more seconds almost
there
last three two one laughs oh yeah my
back is photo let's go to put those
dumbbells down we're gonna go into a
lateral shuffle so chest is up
the shuffle touch shuffle shuffle touch
alright okay the first step we're on in
five seconds well I'm ready
but I know one we're on let's go shuffle
shuffle touch so this is 40 seconds of
work
Maggie's are doing great whoa keeping me
motivated yeah my heart is racing
already let's go whoo and you go at your
pace you go as fast or as slow as you
want as long as you're pushing yourself
we've got 15 more second I love how you
don't need that much space I need a hot
room for Matt you got the side shuffle
going on huh
all right last five come on I got this
oh yeah right come on three two one whoa
okay cardio piece oh yeah yeah okay now
we're going back to the mask grab those
dumbbells we're going into a plank row
so again Britt's got you on that
modification on your knees you can also
even go into a bear plank if you want
but we're going into a plank row full
plank
rope so pulling and pulling you ready
three two one
whoo so again trying to keep those hips
as level as you can like we did with
that plank earlier yeah uh-huh that's
the hard Holly not rotating I know yep
of course fired up
whoa yeah so take that gaze pass those
fingertips try to squeeze the shoulder
blades back try not to squeeze your neck
I know
it's not easy you're doing great come on
peeling it whoa we've got ten more
seconds not even oh my goodness that's
fun and how you doing huh surprise me
right now oh my god okay for the way
yeah okay so this one again with or
without weights we're gonna go into a
lunge pulse with a job so watch me we're
gonna pulse pulse and drop pulse pulse
and jump or you could go ahead and step
it in and out all right you ready yeah
three two one we're on boss
puffs jump pulse pulse or step up to you
I want you to think about driving
through the front heel every time oh
yeah this is gonna burn no sorry there
we're halfway good job Brittany killing
it
come on Oh fifteen seconds yeah yeah
keep that core tight keep it strong fill
in the burn five more seconds my quads
are on fire three two one oh my god oh
yeah I had to modify a little bit down
there yep let's put one dumbbell down
now we're gonna take our feet wide we're
gonna notice how my feet are gonna be
rotating here we're gonna rotate down
bring it to our chest rotate it up it's
like you're drawing a line all the way
up love it all right here we go three
two one
so we're gonna take it 40 seconds on one
side that's 40 on the other whoa
this was a sneaky one
yeah I feel like you're like oh that's
so bad yeah feel everything yeah I do
too then all of a sudden you're like oh
okay
is it over yet we're halfway I'm going
to be seeing your name tomorrow
Ted we're second buddy Oh last five
almost there four three two one
all right next happy doc all right okay
okay
I love this one too because you can
always add your weight if you want to
but you can start light mm-hmm I love it
exactly
you ready ready here we go five seconds
our on it three two one let's go okay
after this I want to scare you but the
next thing you guys do rhymes with
Slurpee oh man so don't get too excited
now but this is the hit workout so he
got had to expect yeah playing this one
you knew you're in for burn we've got 20
seconds left
we're all getting quiet come on push
break exhales you're doing great out
there we've got last three two one all
right all right
lovin nice job so you're gonna use your
dumbbells to hop over we're not just
gonna do regular bovary's course not
we're gonna do hop over burpees so we're
gonna use those arms to hop or step over
put their hands down jump out jump in or
you can walk it home all right you ready
ready to well let's go yeah and if
you're feeling really saucy and you want
to do that push up on the bottom
oh hey go for it maybe maybe not today
maybe maybe 20 seconds whoa all right
almost there push and bring 15 happy
thoughts remember a lot of this is mind
over matter
yeah 10 seconds oh that's five come on
three you probably got more than that
okay guess what right one done now we're
going into 30 seconds on 15 seconds off
oh boy so get ready for those squats
punches oh boy there we go okay you
ready
ready here we go three two one squats a
punch thirty seconds only come on
so the time has decreased but your
effort I want more now okay
got the eye of the tiger you know uh
yeah but your body knows how to do this
so now we really push more than halfway
yep ten seconds
yeah whoa we got it yep breathe last
five come on three two one see that was
short of rest times oh now right yes
she's got that right sure I'm like I
know we're breaking up nothing stopping
in here
all right lateral shuffle is coming up
so you can put those dumbbells down here
we go three two one that's got 30
seconds shuffle shuffle shuffle touch
yeah basic I love it whoo really back to
my track page my Saturday Oh
back on the track I know that gonna feel
awesome let's go ten more seconds great
work
come on last five four three two okay
oh I like this mix of Lube to this one
tricks up your muscles yeah that's the
confusion exactly
all right bro let's get those ABS
working
all right that back here we go in three
two one
plank row pull pull yep forest tight
back is flat
spilling them drinks on your hips you
got it
usually I have a toddler crawling up
yeah that's hard that's what you don't
want to hurt the kid you know you gotta
keep those hips 100 seconds three two
one all right we have that lunge pulse
with the jive all right I'm sweating
right now so am i okay this is where we
can take the liberty to drop the way yes
100% if you're easy on my knees today
you ready here we go three two one we're
on pulse pulse jump yeah you want to
take it without the weight if you want
to take into the step you listen to your
body number you do you this is for you
you do you boo
[Laughter]
[Music]
nice job ten more seconds the balance
challenge is yep
three two one oh my goodness oh yeah
yeah oh yeah
cards are definitely harder okay we're
getting rid of one dumbbell we're going
back to that low to high
all right 30 seconds on one side 30
seconds on the other here we go all
right three two one let's go down oh
yeah this legs arms shoulders core Jeep
feeling it all you're always gonna hit
every single body part with me I love
that and sneaky makes it so efficient
yep
people think they got to go to the gym
for an hour my mom now lets her do it
right exactly
less than ten seconds push five come on
three two one music whoa feels good yeah
I love it
okay we gotta do the other side let's
get ready for a little dance break it
between you like it's been witnessed oh
yeah combo cuz it's like you get a
little rest on the heart man not that
rest on the booty all right here we go
three two one we're on down and up whoo
yup pairing it up with that strength
because you know it's next crime less
than ten seconds time coming up at five
come on three two one oh yeah yeah yeah
all right let's get that line okay well
what we're stepping yeah
I'm sweaty and stinky probably you're
not you're not all right here we go
three two one let's get it up you're
killing it right now
stay with me 15 seconds now use those
arms to help you on that jump I know
right
yep I don't wanna be tripping over this
line probably not even mom and I
definitely have trips before to thank
God jab team kiliel good all right so
this round we're going 20 on we're gonna
rest for 10 and then we're gonna repeat
it okay boy so here we go we do it again
you're gonna rest and then you're not
quite done with it so don't get to excel
yay all right okay you ready front
squats a punch we rest for 10 then we do
it again all right and you're done okay
with that one exercices ha ha all right
here we go ladies
in three two one let's go what punch
punch
whoa squat punch punch greenie oh yeah
my quads are already like yeah again are
you really going
so this is where we really put a lot
more effort in yep because this is the
last two times we're doing it okay three
two one all right hang out say I'm gonna
crash this last round
yes all right you ready let's go what
punch punch
last time come on whoa we're done with
it after the lateral shuffle is next
after day ten seconds come on I'm sweaty
five come on Finn pull her in up those
poor three two one relax yes my brothers
are definitely alright here we go three
two one shuffle time let's go huh yes I
love it we're questioning all the way to
the end we've got ten more seconds on
this round then we repeat an amazing job
I like how we're knocking them out for
the final round three you know who won
it's like boom done it twice in a row my
guess so yeah wait so I'm done checkmark
out of it all right you ready three two
proud to last round this round come on
boom whoa
yes big push don't be slanted whoa yeah
good reminder your time I just saw
myself I was like no hard yellow about
3000 to me to one relax we're done with
that plank Raleigh's neck all right
already checking them off yeah all right
yep done with you all right here we go
three two one plank row 20 seconds it's
all it is you want it done this isn't
like nothing now you crank it out
breathe big exhales whoo five seconds
come on three two one relax IRA Stuart a
couple extra seconds because I took a
sip of water without you guys get that
accountability all right here we go
three two one last time I mess around on
22nd wit bull whoa yep breathe strong
doing awesome you have less than ten
seconds last time through we have that
fun lunch good makes it sound exciting
it's so exciting guys it's fun alright
let us know in the comments what you
think all right lunch pulse jumps here
we go
three two one let's go whoa it's only
twenty seconds my never matter yeah even
if I don't like something I'm like these
suck but I'm a crusher and that's how
you live your life to the place Oh power
pay exactly whoo 3 2 1 whoa just kind of
Skippy job somebody's watching you sorry
alright here we go 3 2 1 this breaks are
fast fine lunges I'm like was that
really are you sure yeah I keep wanting
to fall over so that's what you gotta be
each that core oh five seconds come on
alright low to high okay so we'll stay
on the same side okay stay on the same
path for both rounds here we go three
two one so we're gonna go 20 seconds on
this side now we're just gonna do it
again doubling it up you all right yep
breathe you're doing so great right now
feeling good yeah we're right here with
you three two one relax we're going back
to the same side alright cuz your glute
is it on fire right now right as if you
weren't feeling it up let's do it again
you had again here we go three two one
we're on down up come on
whoa so when you're tired that's one
form starts to go so like Anna said
earlier core keep that posture tall when
we're doing those look lateral shuffles
I was doubly starting to get tired yeah
so just some reminders keep that core
tight posture up got three two one yeah
she got fire yeah matching fire even it
out she fires here we go three two one
let's go down whoo we're breathing yeah
I know
amazing job let's go got it
best five come on four three two one all
right let's put it on fire some more all
right fine burpees all right all right
here we go three two one let's go down
and up
mermaids are coming after this I'm not
gonna be done though I don't want to get
too excited we've got some fun finishers
to finish it up okay like a stretch for
my bike we'll get there okay five more
seconds four three two yeah so good so
good but we've got the mass per piece
you're feeling after those push-ups go
for it
all right are you ready you ready here
we go three two
well let's go up all right yes I'm so
tired
what you guys are pushing you through
this you know it feels better when you
know something else is go through with
it are you drink three two one whoa
that's your crew yeah
it pushes you through three two one last
time what huh when you got your crew get
you through and AH come away the power
we need a win ten seconds
Oh what's their last five come on whoo
four who's right - oh you got me on one
more this is going to work all right
you guys are amazing I don't think we're
done now no we're not done towel off get
some water
whatever you need to do great and so I
have two finishers for you first step
we've got a high-knee run so whatever
that looks like for you you can run it
out as fast as you can you can march as
fast as you can or we're doing that for
30 seconds and then when I say hit or
hold you're gonna hold for 30 seconds oh
yeah all right so we're gonna do that
three times
I'm not gonna back to back to back and
you know what you're gonna feel like
your legs are gonna come off gonna fall
off three be shaken so guess what
they're just gonna get stronger do with
me yeah yeah all right we won't let you
down okay got your back yeah here we go
doing it out in three two well let's run
it out thirty seconds so you go at your
pace whatever challenges you that said I
want to see if you need to take it here
that's fine good job Brittany come on 15
seconds then we go to that squat hold
last 10 smiles on your face oh come on
stay with me Holly release well let's go
come on
4 3 2 Paul stay with me
so now your heart is racing nice active
recovery keep that posture top core nice
and tight I don't want you to think
lover is better I want good posture and
I want your hands off those legs if you
can okay you have ten seconds and then
we're going back to the run are you with
me
we're with you with you I'm on here we
go five seconds four three two let's run
it out 30 seconds oh yeah come on and
you can do this anywhere guys exactly
like no excuses man this is awesome it
really gets you sweaty
fifteen seconds
you're almost there push three mind over
matter let's go ten seconds get those
arms pumping whoa got this whoo five
four three two hold there good
look just get me down there right hey
okay we have one more round and it's the
last round
as always the best round this is where I
got to repeat my mantra be strong yeah
be strong your mind you can do yeah yeah
all right five seconds one more time
through let's go squad in three two one
let's go all right seconds hi oh this is
it this is it guys whoa oh my gosh 20
seconds then we got a love right and
then one more finisher all right come on
15 you got this let's go last ten four
three two hold oh my gosh that last one
that's like beating out of my chest
really pushing out of the comfort zone
for you yep side-channel heavy stuff
changes huh mm-hmm
all right breathe 15 stay with it we've
got 10 seconds and yes I'm gonna be a
little mean for this last one but I know
you got this you got five seconds and
then we rest three two one Oh
whoo oh my god oh my god our jello I
know I floated oh okay get the water if
you need it so this last one this is
gonna be all you I want you to not want
to stop until you get your number that I
want you to shoot for okay what that
means is we're gonna work for 20 seconds
on 20 seconds off of one exercise so you
either got a squat jump you think
they're got speed squats or you want to
get really fancy you go to tuck jumps up
to you well you're going for 20 seconds
and I want you to count your reps okay
all right and so when you call your reps
once you hit that 20 are you like all
right I got five six or however many and
those next few rounds I want you to not
want to stop until you get that number
okay so you have to watch to watch it
all right all right on it I love my
little challenge easy and Betina oh yeah
oh you're bringing no it's bringing it
all right here we go squat John speed
squat or tuckson three two one we're on
whoo so calm to yourself how many you
got ha breathe push use those arms stay
with me 10 seconds
ha that's five come on for this is you
against you
three two one relax tow all right that
number in your head say it to yourself
budget times I am NOT gonna stop until I
get this number
you ready yeah boy ten that's that's a
large number to live up to anything
okay it's a bar huh Dean I said before
ties with us whoo most one per second
yeah ha ha
three two one let's go 20 seconds but
you gotta want to want it okay Nick push
[Music]
come on double it up double it up come
on breathe push three two believe me huh
hi Dennis you did it the legs a job
alright that it has usual last trimester
one blow we all right run we're round
three rounds oh my god three rounds
she's not trying to kill us guys I swear
this is the last one for real
ready three two one let's go up huh so
don't stop don't get it
I know legs feel like they're gonna fall
off yeah promise you they're not okay
they're just gonna be stronger let's go
that's four three two one Oh
all right hey seventeen that was good
though I'm sure awesome oh my god
Bettina you're awesome you're awesome
you're awesome you're awesome all right
let's get that heart rate come down a
little bit
yeah not good that's good so let's just
do it fairly similar to the way we
started mmm I just start hugging that
knee up to our chest those hip flexors
are gonna be tired tomorrow okay our
quads your booty cheeks you yeah we'll
be screaming today I do it all with love
horse
all right get one more last one make
room on your mat
we'll stretch out that booty I know Anna
will be excelent
Jimin waited but let's say you've been
waiting for this so I'm gonna have you
roll onto your back over your right
thigh string your hands through and grab
that right thigh and if you have the
flexibility maybe take your left hand
and push on your left thigh to get a
little more yeah so grateful for this
workout though this was awesome good so
glad you liked it alright go ahead and
untangle yourself nice and slow oh just
going to switch it out I mean that right
ankle over that left side turn your hand
through and hold onto that left leg you
want more take that right hand and push
out on this
why drippin I think we did it right yes
you're sure I mean it's so shiny all the
pores
yeah you talked to buying work out
and I feel like even without weights
that workout to really create the same
better than that almost yes alright now
I'm gonna have you place both feet on
the ground so both knees are bent go
ahead and extend your right leg out so
gonna nice hamstring stretch oh I want
you to point and flex your toes
you should feel different sensations in
the back your legs
Wow yep let me take some circles around
those ankles you've been moved in a lot
of different directions today yeah
rotate it or when two lateral shuffles
did it all no added it all in there huh
all right it's going switch it out other
leg up straight different case we don't
ever want to do a different workout
right yep pointing flex and turn the
ankle around a little bit
yeah alright go ahead and roll onto one
side push yourself up
we're gonna bring both legs forward then
I stretch through the upper body let's
go ahead and bring them both arms behind
your back
nice chest stretch nice proud chest big
inhales and exhales yeah
ladies crushed it my motivator is the
whole time all right it's gonna take the
right arm behind your head or left arm
whatever I'm just good for the first
tricep stretch it's amazing to me how
many people don't stretch their upper
body I know they always stretch their
legs but I'm like a Dan stretch your are
my gosh yeah and then we're always on
our phones our computers and we need to
stretch those arms yep we're in the car
driving if you're a mom and you're
picking up your chin every other seconds
like me I feel like I have to stretch my
back every day yes all right switch it
out when everybody
all right
all right let's bring both arms up pull
yourself out of your hips reach up to
the sky as much as you can
big inhale in big exhale pull yourself
over reach as far as you can breathe
slow your breath down try not to tense
up when you're ready roll yourself up
nice and slow and give yourself oh my
God thank you
you are amazing they were amazing it
will be you next workout guys
[Music]
