make room for yourself on the floor you
can have as much space as you want a
matter if you'd like Catan you're gonna
be doing all the modifications and
Cayley and I will be going so full-out
it'll be amazing alright to get started
we'll just gonna touch our toes bring
the feet together you'll touch down the
body then up the body we're gonna take
it easy for here take a nice leisurely
moment just touching your toes like
people do down lift and lower down and
up if you can't touch your toes just go
as low as you can and as you stand up
really squeeze your booty cheeks
together lift and lower
up and down good good in five four yes
and three there's two last one hands up
in front of you now go right knee up
then left knee up right and left right
and left arms up lift nice and tall with
the torso get that knee up high if you
can now pull it down with the arms as
you lift up and let's go with those
knees / up now take it across the body
and taking it to the outside of that
knee ten nine eight seven six five four
three two and one down the body and
touch the toes to stand it up tall
picking up the pace a little bit yes
really squeeze that booty has to stand
up tall and five uh-huh and forth
there's three theres two last one open
the feet up wide turn the feet out to
the sides hands behind the head you drop
it low and lift low and lift really try
to keep your chest nice and proud don't
be bound forward you're not some Cave
creature let's go and down and up the SS
in five good in four don't stop in three
uh-huh
in - hold it low now tap your elbow to
the thigh side to side but don't let
yourself lean forward again keep that
chest nice and proud now reach one hand
behind the thigh tap the floor if you
can
yes side other hand goes behind your
head side to the side now tap both hands
behind the head elbows to the knees yes
tap it down and down now reach one hand
over the head over the head over and
over for ten
nine eight seven six five four three two
and one feet together down the body then
up the body down the body then up the
body yes party yes down and up keep
moving in five yes in boy don't stop in
three good in two last one last one open
the feet up wide arms out to the sides
you'll tap it right hand to the left
foot left hand to the right foot other
hand goes up to the ceiling try to look
up at that hand as you go get a nice
little twist in the torso keeping those
legs nice and straight if you can if you
can't touch your toe go as low as you
can down and up in five uh-huh
and four yeah so there's a bend and a
snap yes and three that was so easy
that joke was there too last one down
now feet together and down the body and
up the body down and up squeezing those
cheeks together as you stand up yes five
uh-huh and four don't stop in three good
in two last one last one
moving to the back edge of your mat
hands down on the floor you'll walk it
out to a plank back to touch the beat
out to a plank back to touch the feet
try to keep those ABS drawn up to the
ceiling feet are hip-width apart legs
are straight if it's too much for you
keep the knees bent walk out take your
time if you need to hold it out in the
next one on your plank hold it now hands
touch the front of the opposite shoulder
tap and tap but try not to move the hips
if that's too much bring the knees down
to the floor good tap it side to this
side now touch the opposite hip touch
and touch like you're doing the Macarena
let's go up and not remember them well
that's it and lift you're like now
uh-huh
here we go Burton you should get it out
of your memory anyway nine eight seven
six five four three two and A one down
to your forearms hold it bring the feet
together now take your take your knees
twist and twist sexy with the hips
yes twist
twist that's cute and twist and twist
you can do this move whenever you want
you're in the grocery store you say hey
can you help with my Lucky Charms
you got a switch and switch let's go for
it ten nine eight seven six five four
three two and A one hands down to the
floor walk those hands back all the way
up the money and down the body walk it
right back out again let's go if that's
too much just take your time otherwise
you can hold a plate if you need to
I'll get forward and back up to the
ceiling yes yes last one you'll hold it
out in your plank uh-huh hold it out now
take those hands to the front of the
opposite shoulder but keep the feet
together keeping the hips nice and still
yes try to keep those hips nice and
still uh-huh a nice little rock back and
forth is okay but try to keep it nice
and tight now touch the opposite hip hip
and hip hip and hip let's get it in 5 5
4 4 3 3 2 and a 2 and a 1 and a 1 knees
down on the floor yes take those hands
underneath the shoulders now you're
gonna take the right hand reach it
forward left leg goes back now bring the
knee to the elbow then reach out in and
out in and out really try to keep that
belly button pulled in as you reach the
left leg out really squeeze the bottom
of that booty yes
down and up working that shelf honey
let's go 5 keep moving in forth don't
stop in 3 yes in two last one
switching sides left hand out right arm
the right leg back now knee to the elbow
and reach it all the way out in and out
in and out as you reach that right leg
out squeeze the bottom of that booty yes
5 uh-huh and forth don't stop in 3 yes
yes in 2 last one last one take the feet
back into that plank
feet are hip-width apart squeeze those
booty cheeks together hold it now you're
gonna come down to the forearms then up
to the straight arms if that's too much
just stay down on your forearms because
that's what we're gonna end up
yes down down and up up trying to keep
that body nice and still as you lower
and lift hold it down in the forearms
don't move hold it
bring the feet together squeeze those
booty cheeks press up between those
shoulder blades puff up between those
shoulder blades hold it in five four
three two and one take it onto the right
forearm turn the hips left hand behind
the head now you're gonna bring the left
knee left elbow then right leg out and
then let reach that left leg out in and
out in and out let's go in five uh-huh
and four yes in three uh-huh in two last
one last one one lose the hips down to
the floor flip it over left elbow down
right hand behind the head lift those
hips up now bring that right knee right
elbow then straight right elbow then
straight in and out in five uh-huh and
four don't stop and three yes yes in two
last one last one
take those booties to the floor you're
gonna have your hands down behind you
lift the booty up off the mat and now
bend the arms bent for the modification
just keep your booty down on the floor
if you'd like I all boats are going
straight to the wall behind you try to
hug those elbows in for ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and A one
lift your feet off the floor keep the
hands behind you now you reach those
legs out then these go wide out then the
knees go wide out and then knit that's
too much for you alternate that one leg
out and in yes or if you need to keep
both feet down just keep it back and
four but keep those ABS active yes out
and
in five don't stop in four don't stop in
three yes yes in to hold it out right
there now tiny little kicks with those
legs tiny little kicks if you want to
bring the elbows down you're more than
welcome to right make sure those
shoulders are away from your ears for
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two and one
whoo coming forward with those knees
your hands will be down on the mat
you're gonna alternate right left right
and left now left right left right right
left right left left right left right
and again if you need to take your time
take your sweet time there's no pressure
keep moving five uh-huh and four don't
stop in three mm-hmm in two last one
hold it in that little squat now we're
gonna come up to the ceiling then down
elbows all the way down to those knees
down and up down and up keep moving down
every time you stand squeeze those
cheeks together no turnout with the feet
your feet are facing straight forward
down and up let's go in five uh-huh four
here's where we get crazy yes in three
uh-huh in two now if this is too much
for you just keep doing the squats Kelly
and I will go down to star jump down to
star jump down and up let's go down and
up keep moving for a ten
uh-huh nine don't stop eight don't stop
seven don't stop six uh-huh and five
keep moving four keep moving
three yes in to hold it low now pulse it
down pulse it down for a ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and A one
coming down onto the floor onto your
hands and knees
yes take the right leg straight out
behind you really long with that leg now
lift it up and down up and down again
watch your shoulders don't let your left
shoulder creep up by your ear try to
keep the weight a little bit more Center
even though that right leg is up
lift and lower abs in five you move in
for working the bottom that booty three
yes yes in two hold it up now tap the
foot to the booty smack it in and in try
to keep that knee up again shift your
weight more Center don't let yourself
lean over to the left too much let's go
in five four three two hold the foot
close to now knee to the floor to lift
it up knee to the floor to lift it up
down and up down and up keep moving in
five yes in four don't stop in three
good good in two last one last one hold
it up now pulse the leg lift and lift
reach the left arm forward if you want a
little bit more ten nine eight seven six
five four three two hold it up take the
left forearm down on the floor right
elbow stays up right knee to the right
elbow and reach that leg super straight
behind you in and all the way straight
in then straight out yes in five let's
go in four don't stop in three keep
moving in two last one last one two hold
it straight now pulse that leg up and
let's go up and up for ten nine eight
seven six five four three two hold it up
bring the forearms down on the floor now
tap your right foot bootie then straight
booty then straight again right here
think about this being a forearm plank
so pull that belly button up toward the
ceiling in five uh-huh four there's
three theres two hold the foot in close
now tap your knee to the outside then
inside of your left leg up and over up
and over draw that rainbow yeah
draw it uh-huh let's go five keep moving
in four don't
in three gasps yes in two last one last
one hold it up and now pulse it up lift
and lift as you pulse that right leg up
straighten your left leg out into a
forearm plank if you can if not just
keep that knee down keep pulsing with
the right leg ten nine eight abs in
seven six five four three two and one
booty just one you did it on the right
side so what's that mean you can have it
on the left side aren't you excited -
uh-huh
left right goes back now lift it up and
down up and down I don't believe in
breaks you can take a break later let's
go lift and lower lift it up and down
again watch your right shoulder don't
let it creep up there by your ear keep
it down keep the weight nice and center
in forth yes yes and three don't stop in
to hold it up now tap the foot to the
booty smack the booty smack the booty
where's the booty did you buy your booty
uh-huh it's a question I have to ask
often let's go in and out in and in five
two real and four and three and two
I'll hold the foot closed now it's half
the knee to the floor to lift it up
again watch your lower back don't be
popping around it's not that kind of
party yes down and up down and lift down
and lift let's go in five don't stop in
four keep moving in three
Yass Yass in two last one last one hold
it up and now pulse that leg as you
pulse reach the right arm forward if you
can if not keep both hands down abs in
for ten nine eight seven six five four
three two hold it up right elbow down to
the floor left knee to the left elbow
then reach that leg all the way straight
tap it in and out in and reach it yes
and five uh-huh in fourth don't stop in
three tap that elbow if you can to last
one last line I'll hold it straight now
pulse that leg
and you got it for ten nine yes eight
seven six five four three two hold it
there both forearms down on the floor
and I'll tap your foot to the booty then
reach it straight in and out keep those
hips squared to the floor now no turn
out in and out yes yes in five abs in in
four there's three uh-huh
and to hold the foot close now tap the
outside then inside of that right leg
trying to keep your left foot close to
the booty really keeping your hamstring
active lifting that booty off the back
of your thigh again new year no booty
here she is
let's go hands five keep moving in for
Yas in three uh-huh and two last one
hold it up now pulse it up to the
ceiling pulse and pulse if you want a
little something extra take that right
leg into the forearm plank abs in pulse
it up with that left leg for ten nine
don't stop and eight seven six five four
three two and A one all right coming up
bringing your left leg in front of you
and a ninety degree angle so your foot
is directly out from your knee right leg
is slightly behind you pull that right
foot in close fingertips in front of you
up on the spider fingers and make that
right Luigi isolate hop in that booty
right arm out in front of you torso nice
and tall nice I mean that booty really
trying to knock that right hip forward
hoppin that booty right arm out to the
side left arm up to the ceiling nice and
tall with that torso make that booty
jump for ten nine eight seven six and
five four three two and one fingertips
down now you're gonna lift the right leg
up and down but don't let the torso lean
over yes keep it up and down if it's
hard for you to lift up your leg just
try to lift up your right foot maybe and
if not just let that booty cheek isolate
try to work on that isolation even more
lift and lower yes and four uh-huh in
three good good
and two hold it up arms forward and now
pulse it up keep it off the floor if you
can't if not just make that booty
chelate for a ten and nine yes and eight
seven six five four three two and A one
bring the legs together take it on down
to your left forearm
whoo the booty cheek is not done right
hands on the floor and now lift the leg
and lower it yes open and close but
don't let yourself lean into that left
side you're not taking a break
yes you keep that ribcage pulled up away
from the floor five uh-huh in four you
don't stop and three good good in to
hold it up now kick it straight and
straight if you cannot keep that leg
straight just keep it bent and do a
little pulse otherwise kick it out let's
go out again watch that bottom rib cage
on that left side really keep that rib
cage pulled away from the floor four
and three good good and to hold it out
now draw some tiny little sexy circles
yes
circles circles my favorite shape let's
go Circle Circle you're like I don't
need to know that reverse the circle
uh-huh
reverse it reverse it good now tiny
pulses up for ten nine eight seven burn
burn and seven and six and five you're
gonna hate me for and three and into a
hold it there don't move hold it hold it
hold it lift it halfway up hold it hold
it lift it all the way up to the ceiling
if you can and hold it for ten nine
don't stop in eight and seven in six and
five four three a two and A one YES on
top of the left thigh I feel so so good
uh-huh lift your left foot up place the
hands behind your thigh if you can press
that right thigh open Oh mm-hmm
hello booty switch sides left foot on
top of the right thigh just to get a
little evened out uh-huh and guess what
happening that you get to do it again on
the other side aren't you excited rocked
up bring the right leg in front of you
into that 90 degree angle left leg back
uh-huh now bring those fingertips in
front of you now make that left bootie
cheek do its dance yes dance and dance
uh-huh the right side have it's fun now
it's time to the left side let's go yes
knock it and knock it as you knock that
hip forward left arm reaches forward
uh-huh nice and tall with that torso no
creatures falling forward yes arm out to
the side
uh-huh right arm up to the ceiling keep
that isolating going a hop that booty
yes hop it for ten nine eight seven six
five four three two and A one fingertips
down now lift your left leg up off the
floor to touch the floor but keep that
torso tall try not to lean over to the
right side yes lift and
or if that's too much just make that
booty chi guys plays yes in five uh-huh
and four don't stop in three uh-huh
and to hold it up arms forward now pulse
that leg lift and lift that too much
just isolate that booty ten nine eight
torso tall
eight and seven six five four three two
and A one bring those knees together
coming down onto the right forearm left
hand goes down on the floor now open and
close your left leg open and close yes
really try to keep that right side
active don't let yourself sink down
because that makes it too easy that's so
boring let's go lift and lower
up and down in five four three two hold
it up now kick the leg straight and bend
it back in out and and again bottom side
active if that's too much for you to
kick it straight just hold that knee
bent and just pulse it up yes out and in
three more out and in two more out and
last one hold it out now draw some
circles Oh circle I love a circle yes
uh-huh
keep moving yes reverse that circle
hello side of the booty hello side of
the booty carve it out uh-huh now tiny
pulses up tiny pulses ten nine eight you
know what's coming eight yes seven and
six the surprise has gone five and four
and three and two hold it up don't move
don't you dare move hold it hold it hold
it hold it lift halfway up it's shaking
you're welcome all the way up shake for
Jake honey yes hold it for ten and nine
in a 80s and seven in six and five four
three two and a 100 down on your back my
darling top of the right thigh that
hurts so good I love that lift your
right leg up press your left thigh open
yes hello booty uh-huh
I might get so many message being like
thank you thank you for that I'm gonna
just write you back and say you're
welcome
yeah but on top of the left you're gonna
remember me for the next few days and I
love that uh-huh
all right bringing both feet down to the
floor bring the feet together let the
knees fall open hands are right beside
you now you're gonna lift that booty
lift it up and down it won't be very
much really worry about the booty cheeks
squeezing together and then back down
again but I do not want to see you and
by seeing you don't do it let that rib
cage pop open let's not keep that rib
cage down it's just your lower back and
your booty lifting and lowering up and
down really squeeze the sides of those
booty cheeks in and squeeze it uh-huh
in five don't stop in four keep moving
in three good good in to hold it up
right there now pulse the booty pulse
the booty let those knees be open nice
and wide ten nine squeeze it eight seven
six and five four three two and one rest
it both feet down bring the feet
together all the way together now you're
gonna lift it up lift and lower keep
that rib cage closed down yes up think
about your lower back sneaking down to
the floor so really take it lower back
booty marrero let's make it I don't know
why I snake will make that sound but
sure if that's what it is in my head
uh-huh right leg up to the ceiling if
you can now you're gonna lift it up but
keep the knees together if that's too
much maybe keep it just a bent or just
raise up to your high heel on that right
foot we keep those legs together yes
Kenny that's it lift and lower in four
uh-huh and three good good and two last
one last one right foot down left leg up
keep the thighs together lift the hips
and lower lift and lower really work in
the bottom of that booty and five keep
moving in four keep moving and three
good good in two last one last one bring
those legs nice and far out in front of
you still stay together curl your toes
up toward the ceiling flex the feet
almost think about it being a straight
leg now here we go
the hips and lower again it's not gonna
be a high lift don't you dare even try
it's just a little lift and a lower
you're really working that booty yes I
love those legs being a little bit
further out so it really challenges the
backs of you let's go keep moving in
five
uh-huh in four don't stop in three keep
moving in to hold it up right there
don't stop hold it ten nine eight
squeeze the legs eight in seven squeeze
them the other than eight seven six and
five four three two and A one oh you're
not done just yet keep your feet there
keep your feet there uh-huh so lift the
booty up just a little bit now you're
gonna walk the feet in and then step out
and out in in and out out so flat feet
flat feet heel heel flat feet flat feet
heel heel keep the booty off the floor
do I speak like this because I'm crazy
you bet uh-huh let's go walk it forward
then walk it back if that's too much for
you maybe just do one at a time just
step and step
yes because that's kind of cute I like
that uh-huh forward forward back back
now you got ability yes forward back
back there's my booty hey-oh let's go
bring the feet in close feet together
now pulse the booty up lift and lift you
got it for ten and nine and eight seven
six five four three two and A one rest
it bring those knees into your chest
lift the shoulders lift the head hands
behind your ears now here we go cross
and cross touch the elbow to the
opposite leg if that's too much just
bring your feet to the floor lift them
one at a time or if that's too much to
keep both feet down and cross side to
side now let's pick up the pace side
side side side if you can go go for a
ten 10 nine 9 eight 8 seven 7 6 6 5 5 4
4 3 3 2 2 1 and oh one beat hands down
feet down bring those hands to your
thighs you're gonna walk it all the way
up your thighs then all the way back
down
now if you cannot come all the way up
just come up as high as you can yes I
like having those thighs it's like I
know where I'm going to my knees then
right back down let's go uh-huh try to
keep those feet down on the floor in
four uh-huh yes yes three more three
good good
uh-huh two more two rounding down that
back last one hold it back your
shoulders stay off the floor hands stay
on your thighs now take your hands
behind the head and into the thighs
behind the head into the thighs it's a
nice isometric hold with those abs in
five keep moving in forth don't stop in
three don't stop in to hold the hands
behind the ears now pulse it up with
this upper body curl it up for ten nine
eight seven six five four four four four
four and four three and four and three
and two and one rest it Oh take those
legs nice and long
arms go above the head arch the lower
back really reach that ribcage up toward
the ceiling nice stretch in those ABS
whoo now curl it down flatten the back
now lift it back up again and lower it
down bring the right knee into the chest
left hand onto the right thigh and take
that all the way over to the left side
the right arm goes out look over at that
right hand if you cannot get your leg
down to the floor try to go as low as
you can push that leg down
deep breath in let it go other side
right leg long left knee in right hand
on the left side take over to the right
left arm out look over at that left hand
okay deep breath in let it go
all right bringing that right leg long
coming over onto your stomach hands
beside your chest inhale if you have a
body up exhale roll it down inhale press
up if you can't come all the way up come
up as high as you can exhale roll it
down last one inhale press it up exhale
roll it down take the booty back into a
child's pose open the knees up wide so
that your chest falls down between those
thighs take the right arm underneath the
left thread it through right shoulder
down look over at that right hand and
press that booty back take a deep breath
in let it go coming back to Center with
the right hand left arm goes underneath
shoulder down press the booty back
deep inhale in exhale let it go coming
up onto all fours round the spine chin
to your chest
looking up to the ceiling around the
spine inhale looking up exhale coming
into a flat back facing forward left
foot goes in right leg goes out to the
side take that left arm up and over
trying to grab your toe if you can
looking up to the ceiling nose down to
your knee
[Music]
coming back up Center other side right
foot in left foot out right arm comes up
and over nose down to your knee
[Music]
coming back Center legs go long in front
of you flex the feet arms up round it
all the way forward if you can take that
nose between your shins great not try to
go as low as you can
rolling it all the way up stacking the
spine give yourself a little roundup of
the floss and then thank you
[Music]
