hey squad welcome to your pre-fight
warmup
let's get that body warm and that mind
right let's do this alright are we ready
to warm it up
let's do this show me your guard and
we're gonna start with a bob and weave
going to your left in three two one
let's go and under I want those hands up
by your face it is your pay five arm off
right so let's practice good technique
going forward back is tall abs are tight
just a little half circle to your right
into your left and bob and weave believe
it or not is all about firing up your
quarters and the method to the madness
in boxing all right now get ready on
deck we have some straight punches in
four in three and two let's go straight
punches and punch by the way I have
Misha and Amanda with me keep going out
target zones to the tree punch it and
write for the front of the face palms
are down elbows are tight there we go
now we're gonna take these to some cross
body punches in three two one
let's go and cross and what I want you
to do it's so important embossing it's
all about the rotation do you want to
lift up your heels for a little bit of
power even though we're just warming it
up think about visualize punching
through the side of the room
palms down elbows tight beautiful give
me four three two uppercuts let's go
uppercuts targets and where is it
underneath the chin elbows tight to the
body now we're not just gonna stay here
we're you just spice it up let's out the
hog lips we're gonna pick up as fast as
we can in three two one let's go
this is called a shoeshine it just means
fast uppercuts hit it getting that heart
rate up can you go a little faster can
you go a little faster you can I go a
little faster and touch her now you're
ready for some squats and some hooks in
three two one oh my gosh squat it hook
it sit back in those heels elbow where
is it 90-degree angle
targets on its side of the chin
like to use the warm-up is almost a
little basic session for you to go over
the punches it's the perfect time so
then once you watch the other boxing and
kickboxing videos they start to just set
it right you're pro for more here is
three lift up that he'll last two now
we're just gonna turn into some body
shots let's go and body now target them
for the body shots right for the ribs
aka kidney punch that's it
[Laughter]
so with this now we're starting to get
that body worn heart rates going up give
me a little power right you just don't
want to analyst Li throw that punch out
there put a little purpose and put a
little power behind it there we go
give me a few more now we're gonna take
you to some wide bub kick so keep your
legs wide importance in three and two
let's go pump those arms now a
modification omit the jump and just do
yes the butt kicks right there or drive
those knees up now what you pump those
arms nice and strong back is tall
driving your heels into your glutes now
let's take this we're gonna transition
into our Orthodox stance you're in South
paw and home alright your right foots
board your left foot back you're gonna
give me a job and a hook and three two
one show me go jab hook doesn't need to
be so fast target zone you know that
we've gone over on face side of the chin
think about it visualize it that's what
I love about foxy is that you're always
engaging your brain right we're working
from head to toe but it's also so
important up here mind-body connection
ads - TV for nearly three last two you
have a cross let's go over your arm and
cross this is a great power punch it
works a lot of core so feel those legs
when I lift up that heel and reach pull
your lead shoulder back there we go palm
is down elbows tight
you love this one oh yeah it kind of
makes you feel like about all right give
me four three let's go back to those
pluck kicks let's go and it but
gesture and but you know take your butt
literally all right we're taking it to
our South paw to your Orthodox get ready
for that jab and that hook and three two
one let's go and Jack hook the jab
you anything about snapping it out right
snap it with some power hook that's a
big power punch lift up those heels
there we go leave it up you need four
beautiful three last two get ready for
that cross hit it power lift up that
heel beautiful keep that punch right to
the feast I always say that cuz that's
what's gonna sculpt those shoulders who
the hell are you punching younger yeah
give me a few more give me four three
two buck kicks let's go take it your
neutral stance we're almost at the
finish line and you can get into your
workout bring your feet together we're
gonna finish with an ear job in three
two one let's go
light on those feet you can just tote a
pit ah
are you ready you are so ready goodbyes
warm your mind is right but you know I
can't end it here so give me some high
knees and three two one let's go
remember you're still jumping rope you
have one at home pick it up if not trust
me this hurts give me ten
no I pick it up eight pick it up seven
pick it up six we're almost there
five final four final three final two
one and who died
now you're nice and warm your mind is
right to go and tackle your next workout
