hey guys get ready to tune into your
body and feel restored because today we
have certified Reiki Master and yoga
instructor Kelsi Jay Patel hi guys I am
so excited to be here and share with you
my pure joy class which is a combination
of meditation cardio stretching
everything you need to optimize mind
body spirit welcome to your pure joy
class in this class we're gonna begin
with an opening meditation with breath
work because it is so important every
day that you give yourself space space
to breathe space to soften in space to
truly receive that which you are needing
in this moment on this day so Anna and
Brittany let's begin just softly closing
your eyes you can rest your hands on
your lap and we're just gonna soften
down deep into the body with some
excellent breath that breath can be
whatever you need in this moment on this
day but begin with filling up the belly
open your mouth of big exhale just
letting go
do that a few more times inhale fill
take your own rhythm friends really feel
your body is you exhale and ground and
release and let go
[Music]
fill your shoulders relax your mind
soften
you have made it you are here there is
nothing else that is needed just breathe
give and soften
[Music]
so often we rush into the day into our
work out into our work into our personal
lives our families our friends this is
your time to surrender all of that just
come to here and now trusting everything
you need will come from this space
[Music]
when you're ready gently place your
hands on your heart and breathe into the
heart space
as you exhale send all of that energy
into the body connect deep deep deep
into yourself
feel the joy of breathing of being here
being in your body of being in this time
and place on this day in your life
gratitude gratitude gratitude
[Music]
one more big breath in and a big open
exhale out placing your hands into a
prayer position lift them up to the
forehead take a moment to connect to
your mind bring spaciousness into the
mind and as you find your next inhale
and exhale breath set an intention for
today's practice
seal it in and when you're ready inhale
breath exhale slowly release your hands
gently open your eyes inhale reach the
arms out and up hands to the heart
two more times inhale reach
maybe gently look up exhale hands to the
heart bring it all in
last one fill up with your intention
exhale bring it all the way down good
when you're ready come on to all fours
hands underneath the shoulders knees
underneath the hips and we're gonna take
a few rounds of cat-cow that means
dropping the belly lifting the chin and
then as you exhale press your shins and
your hands into the mat and take a few
more rounds just like that you can
softly bend the elbows
just continue this movement let it feel
so good nice and slow this gentle
opening between you and the body and
then if you'd like start to add
intuitive movement so you can draw some
circles with the hips if you want to
press back into a child's pose and
ground down with your forehead you can
take a few minutes to do that as well
the next 60 seconds this is just gonna
be about you connecting and opening up
the spine opening up the body to
movement every day that we come to a
practice of movement it is so important
to honor wherever you are and not force
or push until you feel that you have
connected to your body to where it's at
on that specific day we are going to
sweat we are going to work out the body
it's going to be pure joy by the end now
you don't have to jump into it and rush
right we can lovingly connect to our
bodies and when you're ready come back
to all fours how we feeling like so yeah
yummy right related yay
all right tuck your toes and then lift
your knees up just an inch off the mat
so right here we're gonna start to
engage the core so as Anna is pulling in
her core is engaged her neck is slightly
long so we want to build a little heat
right now
you feelin that Britney oh yeah yes she
is and we're gonna hold for a few more
counts taking some nice deep rich
inhales and some really nice long exhale
nice so important we sit and we make
Drive and have commutes it's so
important to strengthen our core for all
that the body gives us throughout today
all right one more breath in as you
exhale press all the way back and up to
downward facing dog and then receive
this stretch so you're gonna lengthen
through the back body you can walk the
dog so she'll bend one knee and then
whenever you want bending the other so
taking your time here beautiful just
some nice opening oh this feels so good
right yeah and when you're both ready
let's lift up the heels exhale place
them back down on the mat and then a big
bend in both knees as you walk the feet
to the hands feet hip-width apart
parallel inhale lift up halfway hands
can come to the shins or the tops of the
thighs exhale fold two more times inhale
halfway lift exhale fold
really nice opening here one more time
inhale exhale release and then hold it
here begin to bring the weight into the
balls of the feet deep deep bend in the
knees
so we're opening up the back we're
opening up the backs of the legs
lengthening the spine and you can grab
opposite elbows just hang heavy maybe
sway from side to side make a nice
figure eight and this is one of my
favorite places to empty out the racing
thoughts of the mind just create yeah
releasing the arms when you're ready
hands to the mat just shake your head
slightly no a little bit yes and
softening again inhale lift up halfway
long spine exhale fold when you're ready
slowly roll up vertebra by vertebra
[Music]
feet together lift the arms out and up
so a couple shoulder rolls and when
you're ready inhale reach the arms out
and up
exhale hands to the heart perfect music
you inhale reach those arms out and up
hands to the heart just reconnecting to
the body to do the breath you're gonna
fold all the way down on this one hands
to the heart inhale halfway lift you've
been here before
exhale step back to your plank pose
modification is gonna be Brittany on her
knees from here our first chukker anga
shift your weight forward bend your
elbows and then press up to an upward
facing dog press all the way back to
down dog and we've been here before
here we go soft bend in the knees walk
the feet to the hand inhale halfway lift
exhale fold we're going breath to move
it inhale reach out and up this time
arms all the way out and hands to the
heart one more time inhale reach exhale
fold body getting nice and open here
inhale halfway lift exhale step back to
plank option to come down to the knees
flow through that exhale inhale is the
up dog exhale down dog one more time
ladies
yes all right take a nice inhale exhale
here we go feet to the hands lift up
halfway follow your breath
inhale out and up exhale hands to the
heart
reach up feel up for the energy of the
day inhale halfway lift step back to
plank follow that exhale inhale lit
press back
here we go adding on lift the right leg
up softly bend the knee open up that
right hip hello all right straighten out
the leg bring it all the way through
come down to your left knee nice and
opening lift the arms up and then Bend
into that right knee taking some nice
inhales and exhales to really open up
the left hip if you want a modification
you can always bring the hands to the
hips she's got it and when you're ready
hands down to the mat relax your right
foot pull your right hip back square the
hips up and then lengthen the spine yeah
you are good oh yeah and Brittany I know
Brittany does a lot of hit workouts so
for her this is a very important stretch
we're gonna add a little flow here
inhale look up exhale slow pull that hip
back two more times inhale and exhale
one more time inhale stretch exhale pull
it back nice and gentle come forward
plant the left hand down tuck your left
toes ready lengthening we're gonna take
a little twist here lift that right arm
up oh yeah yeah couple more breaths here
really opening up the body
yeah my right hip is like alright bring
that right hand down back to your plank
pose take a chance around gah
bending the elbows lift up and press
back
guess what left side lift the left leg
up right away bend the knee open up that
hip keep strengthening through your arms
so long strong arms and then square the
hip pull that knee forward come down to
the right knee inhale lift up exhale
deep bend into the front knee this will
be either you might feel a big
difference between the right and left
side so for those of us who drive a lot
yeah I always know because my right foot
is on the pedal it's gonna be tighter
yeah yep so it's a great way to open up
the body alright hands down to the mat
pull that left hip back flex the foot
yes and this is the time to breathe come
back to that opening intention to your
breath yes and the more you want you've
got a lengthen that spine lift your chin
up a little
that here we go inhale rocket forward I
like to close my eyes here exhale press
back and just breathe into it two more
times just feel your body saying thank
you need you so much yes alright this is
that last one pull it forward this time
tuck your right toes plant the right
hand flat lift the left arm up yes and
then really bring your breath into the
left hip so breathe into it and then
exhale give it permission to open up new
more full breath
bring the left hand down pull back to
plank let's take that Chuck to Ron
they're building up strength in the arms
stretching out the front body
all right inhale deeply exhale fully
softening the knees walk those feet back
up to the top this time feet touch
inhale lift up halfway exhale big fold
inhale reach out and up arms wide hands
to the heart center inhale reach out and
up exhale big pull through the heart
inhale look up halfway exhale let's take
the right leg back right away you're
gonna flatten out that right foot go
into warrior one inhale reach the arms
up lengthen through your right leg you
have a slight angle on the right foot
from here pull your right hip forward
who you want to square those hips off
hands to prayer open up warrior two
lengthen through both arms and then from
here really engage through both of your
inner thighs keep pressing through the
knife edge of your right foot pretty why
you smiling exhale reverse warrior lift
your left arm up bring it all the way
back down go through your touch around
good if you want to skip a chaturanga
you can go straight to down dog
nice beautiful press back
all right we ready left side then I pull
that right leg forward Anna's got it all
right put the left foot down reach the
arms up and then she's gonna twin just a
little bit as the arms reach up higher
the shoulders relaxed she bends the
right knee more and then presses through
that outside of the left foot amazing
news two more breaths she's still
smiling so I didn't hear joy just
kidding that was so cheesy all right
open up so hands to prayer open up to
that warrior two nice amazing Britney so
good and here really lengthen through
your arms find that inner strength that
warrior energy for what is coming up
today it's gonna be a great day yeah
inhale reach slightly forward exhale
reverse warrior so bring that right arm
up a big beautiful stretch and then
bring it all the way back down to your
mat into play take the chaturanga or go
just to down dog you can always take
child's post if you need a rest room is
warm yes it is stop bending the knees
you can walk or hop to the top of the
mat inhale lift up halfway exhale fold
inhale reach it out it up exhale hands
to the heart we're gonna do that one
more time inhale reach exhale fold
inhale look up halfway body is getting
warm exhale step back or hop back to
plank none of us did that inhale reach
up exhale press back down dog lift your
right leg up high and then pull it all
the way through warrior one again inhale
reach out and up exhale warrior two
reach forward inhale reverse exhale
bring it down so you're noticing that we
go breath to movement now this is gonna
help build heat help strengthen and open
up the body inhale left leg right away
pull it all the way through right foot
presses down inhale reach up exhale
warrior two
inhale reverse exhale bring it down yeah
chaturanga
nice breathing take a moment here ah let
something go soften in the knees walk or
hop to the top inhale lift up halfway
exhale fold reach out and up exhale
hands to the heart how I feel it feeling
good yeah right all right let's get
ready for some cardio we're gonna do one
more section to open up so inhale exhale
all the way down inhale halfway lift
exhale step or hop to your plank nice
and ice
press back all right everybody the right
leg up high right away exhale knee to
nose inhale reach up take it to the
right elbow inhale up left elbow inhale
up exhale bring it all the way through
warrior one last time inhale reach
exhale warrior two yes girl
inhale reverse going into side angle
bring your right elbow to the right
thigh left arm up
modification here is Brittany's gonna
come with a block and bring that block
so she can hold on to it because Anna is
gonna now extend her right arm all the
way down to her ankle and open up maybe
bring the left arm by the ear yes a
little rotation deep strengthens through
that left thigh nice Brittany
one more breath beautiful slowly use
your core to come up inhale straighten
the right leg take a nice deep deep
reverse and then bring it all the way
back left leg here we go inhale exhale
knee to nose inhale left elbow use your
breath right elbow come all the way up
step it through warrior one flatten the
right foot inhale reach up guys we're
doing great
exhale warrior two inhale reach forward
exhale reverse and then bring it forward
and down side angle right arm high
holding here and just using your side
obliques using your thighs to ground
down and then when you're ready maybe
extend the left arm to the ground right
arm by the ear oh this is hard see more
about burnin burnin use your core to
reach up straighten the front leg inhale
big reverse triangle exhale bring it all
the way down yes love it and slow
Shh you guys did amazing soft bend in
the knees walk or hop it to the top
inhale lift up halfway exhale inhale
reach out and up and hands to heart
center all right you guys ready Mayday
yes yeah just a little cardio and we're
gonna stretch it out do it sounds good
so we're just gonna start with the
bounce I find I teach all over the world
and I find so often that people are they
want to follow along but all the time
and this is the section that I want you
guys to just play because we take things
way too seriously yes right you know I
hear out today some things are meant to
be serious but when it's time to play
just play yes so the music's gonna get a
little higher and right now just close
your eyes and just bounce
yeah just have a little fun in your
house with your friends yeah I just
trying not to take it so seriously so I
want some shakes yeah so we can just get
the body moving in a joyful way this
doesn't feel like it's soaking truck
right the structure just Oh bud
all right now we're gonna bring it back
up
and we're gonna do just a few jumping
jacks keep getting that heart rate high
you can have a modification just like
Brittany's got us over there ten nine
eight seven you know how to count four
three two bring it to the top of the mat
just take some high knees if you want a
modification bring he's gonna take you
from side to side yeah
[Applause]
hey get it higher my stick your
tongue out three two and one go your
squats feet hip-width apart parallel
bend it down lift up down and up I think
even the production team is sweating
oh so focused on your breath your breath
may have gotten bigger that's awesome oh
yeah whoo last you hold it low and pulse
down and down if you have anything going
on with the knees you can take a block
and place it between your thighs and
just squeeze in for some stability nice
yes
whoo feel the burn how you do while
you're on seven six five four three back
to the big squats lift up and lower lift
and lower
how you doing back in there very good
all right yeah
all that blood rushes yeah and really in
squats I love to really you know my feet
rooted to the earth to mother you know
this reminder so we're always supported
alright hold it low this is it just
pulse down pulse and pulse maybe
grabbing onto that box just like Britney
did if you need it
listen to your body so important oh yeah
ten get that burn it
nine eight seven squeeze six five four
three you're gonna kill me to hold it on
one enjoy it dance dance all right dance
dance dance
four eight seven six whatever you need
to do five four three two one channel
ooh little dogs
oh yeah oh yeah all right
here we go big breath and feet together
[Music]
two more one more
one quick balancing posture to stay
rooted plant your left foot down lift
your right foot up taking it into the
upper thigh if you want modification
foot stays on the floor or to the ankle
hands to the heart you're not here long
maybe bring the arms up grow your
branches open up your being see what you
can receive and connects you for this
new day and switch sides not here for
long just a reminder to get rooted and
if you fall that's amazing get back up
maybe reach out as in my head lesson
find your Center your Drishti your focus
and when you're ready slowly come on out
amazing all right let's get set up for
cooldown
all right so we're gonna take it down to
our mat so come all the way down onto
your back feet hip-width apart and
you're gonna take the right leg and
right ankle on top of the left thigh
this is an amazing hip opener gently
lift up the left leg you can place your
hands behind the left thigh release and
relax your left foot and then flex the
right and left B oh maybe close your
eyes and just receive this stretch so
much can open when we breathe and create
space in the body so much can open in
our lives through this practice of
connecting with our physical bodies
maybe huh get in a little closer two
more breaths
I had that little inch in me too I just
yeah I was going there
Just Breathe when you're ready slowly
release the left foot to the ground
release your right foot left leg up
cross it over the right thigh gently
bring the right thigh up you can always
keep the foot on the floor if that's
better for your body right now or maybe
you don't hook behind the thigh if you
are here you can flex both feet and then
gently hug that thigh towards the chest
relax your shoulders just try to soften
the body as you stretch
[Music]
let it be easy two more brats really
received
[Music]
if you can open a little bit further
into the left hip
create space in your body of your mind
for your day slowly release the foot
down to the floor hug both knees into
the chest let your left leg go long pull
your right knee up into the right
shoulder and then take the leg with your
left hand across the body and release
your right arm all right soften your
chin your eyes your face and just let go
surrender the body
[Music]
give into stretch give into the rest
you ready switch sides hug the right
knee in hug the left knee in and then
extend the right leg long pull the left
knee up to the left shoulder and then
take it across the body
left arm out I keep the shoulder or the
left shoulder connected to the matter
relax your jaw soften your ears toes
your hands the shoulder is the bottom
[Music]
think about how much happier everyone
would be if they did this stretch every
day I know this workout every day this
is the pure joy okay come back to Center
it's so true hug both knees in wrap your
arms around your shins grab opposite
elbows take a nice deep breath in
squeeze everything tight your eyes your
ears your nose your toes squeeze squeeze
squeeze hold the breath squeeze tighter
squeeze your tongue squeeze everything
exhale release shove vaasana' but your
feet come hip-width apart let your arms
go wherever they feel like going this is
your time in your space to gather to
resource to refill yourself your body
your mind your cup
[Music]
give yourself full permission to receive
your undivided presence attention and
awareness you are so worthy of being
here in this moment and receiving
[Music]
what else can you release what else can
you soften
[Music]
staying here as long as you like if
you're ready to move on with your day
slowly little fingers and toes stretch
your arms overhead like a big morning
star
as you exhale turn to your favorite side
hug your knees into your chest the
moment to just feel yourself connected
supported
richly invigorated with breath with
movement with connection
slowly press up to seat it with the soft
gaze or closed eyes when you're ready
bringing your hands to your heart center
just as we started our practice take a
deep full inhale breath open your mouth
exhale just take a moment to connect to
yourself
to the intention you started with here
notice if and how anything is shifted
just because you chose to show up and
maybe said a word or an intention to
carry you through the rest of your day
and from our hearts to yours may you be
happy may you be healthy and may you
always remember you are free one final
breath in and a big breath out
inhale chin to chest exhale gently open
your eyes it tells it amazing way to go
you guys you're gonna want to press play
on this one every day Thank You Kelsey
thank you so much
and Brittany thank you guys for tuning
in and I hope to see you in pure joy
again soon
[Music]
