I have my ladies with me today Janelle
doing the modification and Christina
doing the advance alright we're gonna
start this at the front of your mats so
step to the front of your mat inhale
your arms up above your head and exhale
your hands to heart center in this
moment I want you to exhale any
negativity and inhale love just breathe
deeply right here and set your intention
for this class how do you want to feel
do you want to feel playful so you want
to feel strong so you want to feel more
into your body feel that intention
flowing through every cell of your body
right relax your hands down by your side
inhale arms up exhale forward fold
inhale lengthen halfway exhale step back
foot plank hold your plank for one
second
slowly lower your knees down chest and
chin comes down for cold room come all
the way through inhale and relax down
inhale Cobra and exhale bow down
inhale Cobra and exhale bow down
tuck your toes under bend your knees
downward facing dog
just breathe here grounding down through
your knuckles and fingertips
melting your heart towards your thighs
bend your knees if you need to and you
can walk your toes up if your heels are
high off the ground just really feel
your strength and power here one more
breath here and slowly walk to the front
of the mat for ragdoll feet hip distance
apart grab opposite elbows and just let
your head hang heavy gently rock from
side to side completely letting go of
thoughts whatever happened before this
moment just completely let it go slowly
release your hands and round up one
vertebra at a time inhale your arms up
overhead and exhale your hands the heart
center and down by your side bring your
feet together to touch and bend your
knees for chair pose so your fingertips
graze the ground go towards the ground
and lift your arms beside your ears
think deeper in your head
engage your core sync up a little bit
lower you got it hands the heart center
and twist to your right
twisting detox is the body any negative
emotions anything that you ate that
wasn't healthy going right out with
these nice twist inhale arms up chair
pose
exhale hands to heart center and twist
to your left I know it's either burn and
mine or to enhance your pose exhale let
it go forward ball inhale lengthen huh
exhale bend your knees and step back to
plank hold it plank
come to your knees if you need to
remember to modify and do what feels
best in your body then come down your
knees or you can come down to chaturanga
inhale upward facing or Cobra your
choice exhale downward-facing
deep breaths here inhale and exhale Wu
Jie breathing is in and out through your
nose the lips are sealed so you can
brill the heat in the body this removes
lactic acid allows your body to repair
even faster so feel that breath in and
out through your nose
slight restriction in your throat sound
like Darth Vader okay bring your toes
together to touch come up high up on
your tippy toes and sing your right leg
high to the sky bend the knee open the
hip and look under the right armpit
option to stay here or drop that foot
behind you for a wild thing inhale lift
your hips slowly lower your hips down
lift that leg high to the sky and slowly
shift your weight forward knee to nose
stepping for Crescent inhale arms up
beautiful hands to heart center back
heel is down for warrior to gaze over
your back hand and make sure your back
hand is coming straight out when your
shoulder and then sink into the front
leg gazing over your front reverse your
warrior back hand is down top arm comes
up and over
open the heart back to warrior two
straighten the front leg reach out over
the toe for triangle pose
gently flow with your breath move
however it feels good in your body then
always gaze down for balance or up for a
challenge gazing up at your top hand
really lengthen through the front leg
bring the weight into the back hip maybe
stretch up one more inch and then slowly
bending to the front knee warrior two
and windmill your hands down into the
lunge step your right foot back to the
left sloping your vinyasa using your
knees blowing through Cobra or
upward-facing ending in downward facing
dog
feel that flow feel your body heat
increasing it's exactly what you want
toes coming together to switch left leg
high to the sky come up high upon that
right so bend the knee open the hip I
look underneath your left arm choice
option to stay here or drop that foot
behind you inhale as you lift the hips
up
exhale slowly lower the hips left leg
high to the side shift the weight for it
need a nose and step it through for
Crescent round your self hands on the
ground and then come up nice and strong
you got them beautiful keep that woojae
your breath going hands the heart center
back heel is down warrior two game gaze
over the back hand make sure it's level
with your shoulders then look over the
front come a little bit deeper in that
front knee and reverse your warrior open
the heart slightly towards the ceiling
one more breath warrior two straighten
the front leg reach out over your front
toe triangle pose send that breath to
wherever you need it any part of your
body needs a little extra love just
breathe some love
back to warrior two bending the front
knee and we're milling your arms down
and flowing with the breath slowly
lowering down inhale upward-facing or
Cobra exhale downward-facing it there
and breathe bring your knees down to the
mat and come into tabletop hands
directly underneath the shoulders
fingers facing out slightly come up
lifting your wrist off the ground and
back down lift the wrist and back down
just really stretching out your wrist up
and down moving with the breath to feel
that energy flow through the wrists good
and relax bring your fingertips back
towards your knees engage your core and
slowly shift back stretching out the
front of your arms just breathe into the
stretch just fact nice and gently it's
so important to get the blood flow into
your wrists
one more time just like that nice and
it's gonna feel a little weird but turn
your pinkies towards each other so
you're gonna internally rotate the him
all the way around as much as you can
get it and then slowly gently shift back
on your hips this is really gonna help
stretch the outside of your legs
breathing and slowly bring your hands
back forward now turn the backs of your
hands down on the mat you're gonna feel
great on your wrists are really painful
right lady all right spread your fingers
wide bend your elbows slightly and then
straight micro bend in the elbows and
little straight and then slowly turn
your hands back to normal and lift your
hips for don't facing up
[Music]
close them get together to touch right
leg is high to the sky shift your weight
for it knee to nose and place your foot
between your hand but this time parallel
your feet on the mat it's a face forward
take a deep inhale and exhale forward
fold
deep inhale and exhale fold deeper let
your toes come in slightly and your
heels come out so you have it nice juicy
bend in the knee so you can really
release through the upper body just let
everything hang heavy shake your head
yes no this feels good kind of maybe
completely let go and let gravity do the
work slowly walk yourself over to the
right side inhale lengthen exhale melt
whatever that looks like for you just
listen to the vibe you feel the
difference when you move your body from
side to side and how it starts to open
up more and more each time you do the
video you'll find yourself going deeper
and deeper inhale Center and over to the
left inhale lengthen exhale
Just Breathe make sure you're doing that
lovely Bugatti bruh I hear Christine
over hey keep breathing and slowly walk
to Center and turn your heels in your
toes up this time and we're gonna come
up for goddess pose
so sink down deep into your goddess it's
okay to sway your hips from side to side
and you can have your hands at heart
center or a mudra of your choice we're
gonna try to raise that right heel get
that nice stretch and down good this is
a challenge feel free to stay here and
just sit in it and then try to raise the
opposite heel good hold it for a second
and then down and try to raise both
heels up this is very challenging but
you got this and slowly down inhale arms
up exhale clasp your hands behind your
back
turn your toes back in bend your knees
and bring the arms up and over take your
time to get there it's a great shoulder
opener for you to do at the end of the
day whose shoulders are feeling tight
just toss them over your head
[Music]
slowly bend your knees and come back up
nice and easy go ahead and face the
front of your mat place the hands down
at the front of your mat and bring your
knees down we're gonna prep for a camel
pose so these are down toes are tucked
under inhale come up and place your
hands a heart center lift your heart and
relax your head back hold it there
lift the heart even higher modification
place your hands on your lower back
fingertips facing down open the
shoulders elbows towards each other
relax the head back maybe one more inch
you want to go a little further reach
back for your heels nice and easy take
your time
press the heels forward open the
shoulders slowly come up the same way
you went in so hands to lower back and
then slowly down we're gonna come into a
child's pose after that knees in to
touch and take your arms around your
thighs forehead to the ground deep and
have exhale side
another deep inhale exhale sigh it out
and then slowly come up and plant your
hands down and cross your ankles and
come to sit back on your sit bones slide
up on your mat we're going to come into
boat pose so bring your shins parallel
to the mat engage your core bring your
knees together to touch arms up beside
your thighs or modify check hi Janelle
over there looking beautiful now
together we're gonna slowly lower down
and back slowly lower down
you got this lower down and back up
really focus on your core squeeze those
thighs together feel your power feel
your strength even if you fall out just
breathe and hold it if you need to a
couple more right here you got this
feel that connection and knees into the
chest hold it and hold it and hold it
maybe straighten the legs for one breath
beautiful and then slowly bring the feet
down scoot the hips towards the heel
engage a court and slowly lie down on
your back nice and you place your palms
on the ground take a deep inhale and
exhale Saida again deep inhale and
exhale sigh it out
bring the knees into the chest grab on
the outside of the feet for a happy baby
bring the knees on the side of the body
and bring them down towards the ground
as much as you can the trick is here is
rolling your sacrum down so really get a
nice long spine bending the elbows now
you can play with your happy baby you
can grab your toes bend one leg and bend
the other breathing do the stretches
bring the legs up towards the sky good
and place the hands underneath the hips
palms facing down
oh yeah we're rocking that kurta day you
get the stretch and the core work right
yeah yeah all right let's do a slowly
right leg down to the ground and back up
left leg down and back up both legs down
halfway and back up nice right leg down
and back up left leg down
and back up Bowflex down bring the knees
into the chest and extend them out and
down knees into the chest and out and
down one more time into the chest you
got this out and down good knees into
the chest and hold it there gently rock
from side to side take a deep inhale and
exhale side up keep your right knee into
the chest
left leg long flex both feet extend the
right leg towards the sky grab on behind
the thigh the calf or the big step take
a deep inhale forehead to knee lift up
and exhale relax back now go ahead and
take that leg out to the right but keep
the left leg grounded out to the right
while you turn your head to the left
this is really gonna open up the hips
and working on your flexibility at this
same time so you're getting the best of
both worlds breathe here I invite you to
close your eyes and just feel and
breathe through your legs
[Music]
and slowly bend the knee bring that knee
into the chest and take it across your
body for a spinal twist deep inhale and
exhale twist the head and arm the
opposite direction
slowly bend the knee back into the chest
give it a little kiss Erika's short
sides
alright likes both feet towards the face
bring that knee in nice and tight and
then straighten it towards the sky grab
on behind the thigh the calf or take
your peace fingers and wrap it around
your big toe engage your core forehead
to knee and slowly back down grounding
that bottom leg down take your left leg
out to the left first you can follow it
with your eyes but then turn your head
the opposite direction
[Music]
Janell modifying with the knee bent if
you need it find what feels good in your
body slowly bring that knee into the
chest for a spinal twist
take that knee across your body go ahead
and make sure that knee comes all the
way down stack your shoulders inhale
that left arm up and slowly cactus the
arm and allow gravity to take it deep
inhale and see if you can lengthen your
spine even longer maybe a plague is
stretching moving the arms up lineage
right down and then just close your eyes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
slowly bringing me into the chest
give it a little air kiss my ring both
knees into the chest gently rock from
side to side feel that connection cross
your ankles walk forward and back on
your spine and walk yourself all the way
up to a comfortable seated position
bring your left leg under and your right
leg over turn twist to the right place
your right hand down lengthen through
your spine
[Music]
[Music]
and then slowly turn back to the front
and stack your knees to the best of your
ability breathing shifting from side to
side take a deep inhale and exhale fold
forward deep inhale exhale go a little
bit deeper completely surrender your
head feel how good it feels to relax to
allow your body time to rejuvenate and
regenerate breathe into those tight
spaces
[Music]
slowly come up one vertebra at a time
okay so you have an option to do this
and you have an option to opt out but
I'm going to show you a cool little 360
party trick you're gonna place your
hands to your left and you're going to
turn around all the way to the opposite
side oh yeah my ladies are ready for the
party okay
you can practice that as many times as
you need to so go ahead and prop that
left foot up and turn to the right place
the left hand down lengthen through the
spine
let's get a nice spinal twist here do
you bin half and exhale eyes looking
over the left shoulder and then turn
towards the front and try stacking your
knees for cow face pose as much as you
can shift your hips from side to side
get nice and comfy inhale and exhale
fall of home
inhale exhale go deeper
completely 7e
[Music]
and slowly make your way up one inch at
a time and bring your feet out in front
of you place your feet to the corner of
your mat and slowly engage your core and
lie down for shavasana palms facing up
take a deep inhale and sigh it out
exhale and now we will begin our
meditation I'm going to start this
meditation with a little bit of a yoga
eyes can carry a lot of stress and
strain from our computers and our phones
so keeping your eyes closed look all the
way down as far as you can down
[Music]
and then look to the right as far as you
can to the right
and then looks up as far as you can
and then look to the left as far as you
can to her
and then look down again starting at six
o'clock we're going to go the opposite
direction but we're going to hit all the
numbers so breathe here at six o'clock
seven o'clock eight o'clock looking as
far as you can at eight o'clock nine
o'clock feeling that tension go away ten
o'clock
eleven
[Music]
12
one
looking all the way up to one o'clock
slightly over to
and three
and for
and five
[Music]
and
and now zig zags working the left and
right right and left travelling all the
way from the top of your eye sockets all
the way down to the bottom left right
right
[Music]
breathing feeling how good it feels to
massage your eyes from the inside and
then look up and down all the way as far
as you can and then up all the way up
as far as you can
and completely relax take a deep inhale
and exhale side up allow your body to
become weightless
[Music]
repeat the mantra in your mind I am
powerful I am powerful
see yourself leaving any judgments
frustration doubt any worry see yourself
leaving it on your mat as you rise above
it standing in your path
[Music]
now all the things that don't serve you
to mount into your mind she become
lighting and minor
wait
local your finger with your tongue bring
your awareness back to your body bring
your knees into your chest nice and
slowly gently rock from side to side
walk over to your left side and pie
handle me for me take a moment to
visualize yourself and your mother's
womb nurtured by your practice and ready
to rebirth again with a clean slate
powerful my strong spirit slowly push
yourself up to come to a seated position
bring your hands and heart center and
your hell your hands up overhead looking
at exhale your hands down wrap your
right arm across your chest your left
arm across your chest and give yourself
a big hug you did it and I'm proud of
you
give my ladies a hand clap janella
christina thank you so much and thank
you so much for joining us again we
really appreciate you remember when you
take care of yourself you take care of
the world thank you
