hi my fitness friends its Christa de
pollo today I have a total body knock
out workout that fuses boxing kickboxing
and conditioning from my new program on
glow
[Music]
welcome it to your pre-fight warm up
feet a little wider than hip distance
apart you're neither soft your abs are
tight so way that's our we're gonna get
into a bob and weave in three two one
let's go and under the Bob and me we
start firing up your core warming up
that lower back your hands are in your
garden position elbows tight to the body
and let's get ready for a full-body
knockout right girls yeah keep it going
give me four more right here here's four
three two show me those straight punches
right here and one two now while I have
you here I'm gonna introduce to you my
ninja squad
I have tip with me today and she's going
to be showing you all the modifications
so whatever reason you need to dial it
down all eyes on tip and I have my ninja
with me Casey so Casey if you want to
spice things up add a little hot sauce
all eyes on her now get ready we're
gonna bring these across our body in
four three two cross body punches let's
go you want to drive through the punch
visualize going all the way through the
side of the wall you want to lift your
heels up for power continuing to warm up
that lower spine beautiful work this can
be a few more right here and we're gonna
take it to some uppercuts get ready in
four and three and two show me those
uppercuts let's go targets on underneath
the chin now ninja if you think we can
speed this up as fast okay of course we
can't we need to get that heart rate up
get ready to go in three two
once you shine it out get a little bit
of speed you see ya sure you catch
slimmer sure you can
in four three squat and hook right here
and squat hook it
elbow 90-degree angle lift up that heel
for power sit back on those heels back
is tall abs are tight power beautiful
give me four here's three
last - now we're just gonna turn these
into some body shot body shot let's go
right for the ribs one of my favorite I
have so many now here we could lift up
those heels for power beautiful now on
deck we're going to do some wide butt
kicks get ready in four three two
 hits go drive your heels into your
glutes we're stretching out the front
side of your quads pump those arms light
on your feet now at home you're gonna go
southpaw we're headed Orthodox your
right foot is forward your left foot is
back you're gonna give me a jab and a
hook and three two one let's go jab hook
it you know your two target zones you
have the face side of the chin so the
pre-fight warm-up is a great time pretty
just to go over the basics so once we
get into your drills and your combos
you're a pro give me four more here's
three last two one more showed me some
uppercuts go and power I love a rear
uppercut lift up that heel there we go
we're kin that entire core give me four
three back to your wide buck cake let's
go we need to even this out alright
Ninja is where we headed you're headed
Orthodox let's go light on those feet
heels up into your glutes pump your arms
three two jab jab and hook him there we
go snap those punches give a rubberband
attached to your chin attached to your
fists snap them back
beautiful work four more here's four
here's three of us buy one of the stuff
lined up feel like this is the warmup
keep it good but it really is a perfect
time for you to just go over the basics
go over your body mechanics or policemen
it can get a little crazy once we get
going in four head right three two
you're wide butt kicks here we go last
time now we're gonna take it to a squat
with the ball training snap kick
so we can warm up your hamstrings light
on the paint for three
squat and snap let's go squat point that
tip now it's still the warmup you're
gonna notice that tip on her kicks she's
gonna play with her range of motion I
want you to listen to your body and I
want you to do you write because why you
are a badass modified or not it's so
important that you take it at your own
pace this is your workout it was for
more beautiful here's three stay with
this last two one more air jump lets go
slide on your feet
big breath in through the nose out
through the mouth now we're gonna finish
it off with some high knees while we're
jumping and three two one let's go light
on those feet drag those knees up tip is
right there doing a single knee drive
give me eight seven six five final four
three two one and warm alright who is
officially ready for your full body
knockout we're ready
sign me up we're gonna do each stands
for three minutes followed by a
60-second full body conditioning
movement in between control stance we've
got this right yeah
pin ends up scarred boxer shuffle we're
headed Orthodox you're headed southpaw
let's go in three two one
we have a block rear block hook cross
step lead Crescent kick okay looks like
a fan cake again lead block rear block
the hook cross step toe can be pointed
toe can be flexed it's up to you block
find that rotation power cross step
modification right there nothing wrong
with that last one
block block this is so fun your forehead
of Unipart
there
ninja time go plop plop cross step
Crescent there we go not too fast now
the blocks you're actually blocking your
face from an incoming punch what does
that mean
let me to better block your face from
that mean you want to be touching your
temple your elbows are tight and guess
what it's a sneaky way of working your
entire core block block the Crescent
it's all about your quad it's all about
your core now believe it or not bring
out on to this what to heart shake it up
hey we're keeping that my ride last one
take it from the top slow in three two
one here we go
block block hook cross step Crescent
we're adding three snap kicks bring it
back step close the space
Lee put your toe then rear then leave
all right reset
let's try again block block hook cross I
love that punching combination is so fun
step it in lead snack we're going to go
for it
yeah right there ready this in three
bring it on - bring it on go
block block hook cross step Crescent
reset step it in step two three KC young
you ready to show the hot sauce yep by
yourself all right
watch KC to go for a heel click click
hey cross oh I know it's not martial
arts but it's damn fun walk put just has
a little layer of intensity right yep
keep it up keep it up hey box black pans
are up abs are tight we've got this step
what
point reset are we loving it I had so
many things I wanted to say to you and
then I say in my head please be quiet so
you can concentration I'll take it on a
breather hurt keep it up so see what I
just did I omitted the hot sauce right
there dial it down at any time breather
legs low who cares this is your workout
feel good about it
no matter your kicks are high your
punches aren't as strong who cares
alright you're perfect exactly where you
are this is it everyone
this is it this is it this is it hey
okay I'm feeling kind of evil right now
I'm feeling really sweaty all right yes
you have your fashionable very wet rat
we have in the tuck burpees now what I
want to preface this with if you need to
stop it's okay all right we're going to
show you plenty of modifications knee
tuck Burpee opt real push-up op he'll
need tough we're gonna go at a slow pace
we're gonna melt this and three two
let's go option for the play shop option
for the knee tuck light on those feet
let's go doesn't need to be fast because
we have 60 seconds to get through you
guys we changed favorites they're all
thinking about totally fine we're
totally cool viki's nothing it's nothing
and if you've melted and go slow now
modified or not what I want you to do I
want you to connect your chest to the
ground and I want you to give me an x
value at the top light on the landing
that's perfect all right you're still
burning calories your body's still under
tension but you're still working
full body do the eyes all the way down
so the beauty of boxing in bubbles and
you get full-body knockout you get all
these other great categories once you
become a member
last one so yeah strength training of
John Brown upper body lower bite is that
you're like please remember to stop it
are we ready or it goes that bad right
yeah
slow and controlled nothing wrong with
that all right we need to balance this
out show me your guard
show me your boxer shuffle let's go is
my oh my hair just decided to do with
sunstate which is totally fine and three
two one here you go
leave block rear block hook cross step
lean cousins all right now for me I feel
a lot tighter on this side who cares I'm
not going to judge myself I'm the queen
of judging myself and I tell you not to
so I'm not going to so once I feel a
little more tight who cares last one
block walk hook cross get ready in three
let's have some fun - hey what -
 let's go I don't know I said 1 2
block block cross there we go
brains officially working find that
rotation so every single one of these
punches
it's about your core all right it's all
about your core master this well let's
get this a few times and then we'll
bring into other case block block put
cross around your head there you go
always keep your knees soft you were to
avoid locking them out that's how you're
gonna prevent injury all right ninjas
write it out let's do it one more look
block
from the top slowly adding on LeBrock
rear block hook cross step for your
Crescent now go back to your fighting
stance close the space get your weight
underneath you lead snap put your toe
rears now put your toe repeat reset
hands and guard block last one block it
hook cross you want to add spice you
know what to do alright you're gonna
give me that heel click after your last
nap let's get ready to work in three two
one
show me go block block hook cross step
Crescent reset step boom point point Hey
makes me wanna say hey be happy at home
you're gonna like it doesn't make me
happy
block block hook cross can we talk about
the target zones as I mess up did you
see that side to face running the face
side of the chin hopefully and then
either groin or underneath the chin for
the snap method to the madness and brave
more importantly have fun
yep these workouts they're meant to be
fun because it's addressed yeah if
you're not really you guys if you don't
look forward to your workouts guys one
you're not going to push play and you're
not going to show up right working out
should be fun that was that was a whole
point of creating baby it's all about
finding your perfect balance between
fitness and fun alright like my legs
feel like spaghetti and not al dente
the really famous cheese spaghetti last
one last one done awesome so good okay
work out we need power night power up
power up okay we need a power up for
your need head burpees did you okay
remember Mel KITT take a break everyone
ready
yeah you check Ruby's let's go push up
either way
modify it or not I want your chest to
connect right on the landing
Ruben oi so I'm a bit obsessive for a
piece if you get the windows up and I'll
have to include him in everything even
if what should I tell them what I was
going to do yeah I already should you
know kind of in on the seat below if you
want this but I think you're gonna say
bugger off me what you're going to do
instead of need hideous beautiful things
we were gonna do it Tommy barfi my
members know what that is we've done
them in a challenge on there they're so
gross
I'm going to do them because I think
it's important do you think that we're
not comfortable doing it out of our
comfort zones to make us better they
also wanted to show you that your
trainer is totally relatable you can I
can barely get off the floor last one
and I'm not kidding it I fallen and I
can't get up Oh No
[Music]
