hey my friends today I have berries
instructor ostrich Swan who's gonna lead
us through a flat ass and tone arms
workout thanks Anna
all you're gonna need are two five to
ten pound dumbbells for this workout so
let's get ready to burn your arms and
that's alright guys then we're gonna
work your arms and your abs we have
cristela's can be showing more advanced
moves with me and we have Anna who's
gonna take you down for a regression
whenever you need so we're gonna start
right here with your bicep curl I want
you to widen your feet a little bit more
than hip width tuck your tailbone
underneath pull your shoulders down and
back and engage your belly in
we're gonna go bicep curl right up here
80% and extend the arms all the way down
so make sure you're touching your
weights your knuckles down to your sides
and we're gonna curl it right here and
down so big thing with the bicep curl
I'm a stickler for is that when I say
take it all the way down this is not all
the way down if I why don't you go for a
half curl I'll tell you but right now
get that full extension and then tone on
the way up different feel the tension in
the whole way through a little bit of
tension just makes you look better and
you're going to mommy's like right so
here we go let's go five more good
three four and three two right from the
ARMA how do you bring the weight all the
way up and we're gonna go wide like a
goalpost and we're gonna go right into a
shoulder press straight up and then back
down to your 90-degree inhale and then
exhale good
and then here big tip don't let that
back arch and let your ribs flare keep
it all tight keep your neck long we
don't want any tension in that neck
raise it's perfect breathing back there
breathing to me when it comes to working
out anything
overhead I'm always learning right but
it actually anything overhead is making
your core work which is so important to
keep that form great you guys look good
perfect we have four more it's burning
well Hannah we're are working out here
pops are dialed here we go two more one
more
and then take it all the way down so now
I'm gonna have you do a split curl so
we're gonna open up the one to the side
and the other one is gonna stay forward
so right here I called that split curl
because we have an outward curl and a
bicep curl happening mm-hmm just check
in with your lower body so you're not
hyper extending the knees always keep a
soft Bend right same thing we're gonna
send all the way down be aware that
while you're doing this you don't
actually start turning your body that
way we want to stay Square to the front
okay so what we have coming up next is
gonna burn whoo but that's gonna be the
big kill well I was leading you into the
burn so yes that makes sense so let's go
for more
we're gonna hold the arm that's out to
the side here into so hold this one out
now the one that's been doing the work
forward is gonna continue so this is a
static curl we're gonna curl up rotate
the palm parallel overhead extension and
then reverse right back you know
so if this other arm starts feeling
tired by all means you can shake it out
you can bring that arm down by your side
but if you can handle it
I do want you to keep that static hold
ooh I like this my core really does fire
up to with that single arm round a
single arm work it's perfect Casal how
you feeling go ahead burning that burn I
keep hearing the word burning we've only
just begun what I love about free
weights too is it you can feel it in
your forearms even just squeezing the
weight strength so important obviously
as we start getting stronger we can lift
heavier the grip is usually for me
something that I struggle with yet so I
just keep trying harder every time here
we go let's try to get three more in
whoo good we're gonna get a nice little
moment to shake it out
- one more right here
good all the way keep that elbow facing
forward and up shake it out shake out
your shoulders not bad right so let's
continue we're gonna open the stance a
little bit wider and you're in turn both
feet to the side and the arm that was
holding that static curl is now gonna be
right here in the front of the thigh
this arm is gonna express up and make
sure it's in front of the shoulder and
not behind it that's gonna cause an
injury look up at it it's gonna help you
keep your form so we're gonna stretch
down and what I call windmill
and then you're gonna engage your
obliques and come up so a great
modification here would be either
lighter weight right or using no weight
whatsoever but keep your eyes up on that
way and then engage as you come up so
yes this is an arm and ab workout so you
do get to squeeze your tush hair so
engage your glutes come on oh and I
don't need you to stretch all the way
down you just want to stretch enough
that your abs have to fire all right
let's go one more we're going to keep
that arm up
Square your toes deep breaths you're
gonna crunch to the side Oh crunch hit
that obliques all right hit that oblique
now as we start getting a little
fatigued you might come here and go
through it down no problem then press it
back up and again wait too much you can
do this without it let's go three whew
the shoulders are yeah
- Oh bleeped and nice Oh check it out
whoa your shoulders back strong mmm good
watch you got five pounders and I am
burning up see you here I know but
that's what's great like she said you
can have weights anywhere you don't need
a lot of space now that we've done it we
got to do it all over again so we even
have our side so a little wider than hip
width start that bicep curl
good tuck your hips all the way down no
cheating
right perfect so automatically that
right side feels a little better than
the left we're all good yeah nice let's
go for its neck is long great - I'm just
making sure that you're getting those
hands all the way down your thighs one
more right back to that shoulder press
squeezing your glutes core tight ribs
aren't flaring back is not arching and
that 90 degree right there at bottom and
press up
coming up next we have that split curl
make sure we do the opposite side two
more we good for two more yeah do it
nice you can always add a little help
from the legs yep great bring the arms
down roll the shoulders open up this
arms we're gonna go forward curl outward
curl great guys look good oh yeah so
there's arms are ironed on right now
good listen you know what it's so
important full body
but when we can take that time to focus
on certain areas yeah and my you know be
external to put on your shirt later okay
so worth it in the end
great can we get six more in sit yes
alright count it down four more three
remember we have that hold in - there we
go hold it up I'm going to keep strong
on this side and this one is gonna do
all the work so we're gonna curl turn it
parallel press overhead extension and
right back down reverse your way so
don't want you to look for form
areas when you go to press won't have
that arm right by the temple you want to
have your elbow up
when you
your extension for your tried sets so we
start getting tire and we start looking
a little ah yeah we want my wonky wonky
wonky or funky we want to look strong
and fit good let's go three how's that
side here that's holy nothin so let's
check oh let's lower that arm down on
that one back there that's good final
one oh try to go for it
go get that little shake out whoo
perfect shake those arms out oh my gosh
I know breathe you're welcome let's turn
the toes this way you're gonna bring
that arm in front
send this arm up remember eyes are gonna
stay up reach yourself down and then
squeeze everything up and reach oh I
love that pull in the oblique so good I
know when you get a nice stretch in the
legs as well hmm
but those ads are leading the gay and
the shoulder is getting strong or just
by strengthening right here three more
two
one more we're gonna bring the toes back
forward
deep breath we're gonna go for that side
crunch so up and about this way
yep up press remember you don't have to
use the weight you drop down to a weight
my focus is on that elbow and knee
coming together three more two one more
yeah perfect shake it out have some
water if you need to tell off if you
need say oh I think we have more arms
and abs to work on how big I got your
back
right yeah I'm ready to move on yeah
okay so I'm gonna angle a little bit
we're gonna go into a kick back hair so
engage the core hinge your body forward
pull your elbows up and we're extend the
arms kick it back good so if you need a
little break a little moment you could
alternate your kickbacks oh yeah
[Music]
perfect really take a moment at the back
to squeeze the arm that tricep takes
that majority of the way your arm looks
so one of the hardest muscles I find to
really start popping yeah but so great
for you here we go go five so hard to
keep those elbows high or good three
remember it's worth it
two and one
perfect we're gonna put these weights
down or drop down on the floor you think
it's gonna be a break it's not it's not
but we are gonna come down into a
forearm plank and we're to work up into
a commando so Anna can modify here okay
100% on the knees as long as she's
keeping a perfect tuck and abs engaged
so how do you drop down to your elbows
and Christelle you ready we're up yes so
right here ship-borne over the toes or
ship-borne over the knees look where
your elbow placement is that's where you
gonna move your hands it's gonna move
your hands back to come up back on to
your elbows so move your hands back
press up and back down now one thing
that I find people do is either date
arch their back or they start moving
their hips to come up mm-hmm
these are both oh no they're both the
notes so hard to keep that plank it is
it's very hard but it also can get so
many results done oh yeah ideally one
exercise as opposed to this moment or I
don't know what happens with that my boy
we want to keep still I feel it go ahead
go two more perfect one more come back
down to that forearm plank and hold
squeeze your glutes we're now focus on
what I call an other year
tush so tuck under pull your belly's
tight squeeze think about your elbows
pulling towards your thighs and now we
talk about our feelings whoo and we're
feeling great feeling great strong
feeling shaky yes and we're hold for
about ten more seconds
whoo breathe good
squeeze what can you do for the last
five seconds how can you make it better
is it shifting forward more is it
breathing more into the belly too
and take a moment mmm
roll your shoulders we're gonna use one
dumbbell and we're gonna go back into
that plank so now we're gonna go into a
kickback in a plank position I'm feeling
ready all right okay that giggle tells
me yes yeah all right so let's come on
down using that dumbbell widen your
stance a bit that's gonna give you a
better base the arm that's gonna kick
back be aware of that hip to keep it
down so let's try to get eight to ten
reps here good and then perfect
modification on the knees but see how
she's still the shoulders are square the
hips are square and we have this we're
gonna lower that hip down right two more
we're gonna switch out perfect you don't
have to take a moment count if you do
we're all working towards our own goals
[Music]
great to watch that hip - and for me one
I'm very nice and I'll have you move
those weights out of the way and we're
gonna start really firing up the core
now and you might say it's already fired
- yeah but we're gonna come down onto
your bellies here and you're gonna send
your arms back behind so we just really
worked on the triceps and now squeeze
your triceps even though there are no
weights here tuck your hips squeeze your
glutes and start to swivel
side to side yup reaching shoulder
blades are engaged nice little moment to
breathe as well cuz you're also getting
that low back right gonna chest off the
floor and when a lot of people don't
realize is having a strong core also
involved having a strong lower back hmm
so the body really works together Keith
- Keith but obliques wrap all the way
around let's go for four three two one
more even it up both sides yeah yeah and
then I'm gonna have you roll onto your
side I'm gonna bring your legs a little
bit more in front so you're almost
making like a wider V you can use that
hand to press down and it's gonna take a
modification but before we get there you
can either go straight legs or bent
knees but we're gonna meet up and relax
the up and relax so that's one option
second option will be to bend the knees
makes it a little bit easier you can
take a look at Anna right here it's
doing a single leg she's still really
engaging that core firing up the oblique
can't help you get up a little bit
higher Christa high feeling good
oh great yeah girl you look good huh
remember anybody who does this workout
if you're working out you're an athlete
you're an athlete you are going towards
your goals so let's go two more one more
perfect so let's do the other side here
that'd be up modify how you need now
flip and we'll put right here so we did
straight legs I also showed you the bent
knees Anna's gonna do the single leg
gonna come up and stretch back down and
down and we are almost there guys so we
just need to push a little bit more guys
look great
remember you have this as a modification
I love the progression to because this
workout you can do so many different you
know modifications or advancement
absolutely the thing is you know some
days we feel really strong days it's
like oh this is really hot out I don't
know what I can do yeah but something is
always better than nothing let's go two
more one more perfect and let's slowly
take a moment get ourselves ready for
our last little bit I'm gonna have you
roll on up and we go back to those
weights oh she's gonna take a bowl no
matter the bag an extra minute oh we're
gonna go into a V set and a bicep curl a
great regression keep your heels down
lean back engage we're gonna lift our
feet up and here will lead you choices
90-degree bend or you can straighten
we're gonna go bicep curl so we're gonna
straighten those legs breathe and here
it's like the more I lean back the more
I feel like my abs so absolutely also a
good little challenge for the modifier
very nice guys we have one more thing to
do after this so what you need to get it
done crushing it get it core so how you
feeling good oh man good go three more
we lay on our back to finish - oh one
more go ahead and lay down and we're
finishing with both your triceps and abs
so option two weights option one weight
option with the legs I'm gonna show you
the advanced Skullcrusher leg lower and
look at the control exhale come up if
that's too much you can bend your knees
tap down this is a great option here a
modification is just to keep it tabletop
alternate your tricep you could always
drop down to one as well if you think oh
no might have got enough work today
something is better than nothing
exactly it's so a great moment here
she's keeping her hips still back is
pressed down we can do this already
feeling it final three
best one - one more that stretch is
calling our name yes right put your
weights down pull your knees in
deep breath rock on up let's stretch out
those arms so you just sit comfortably
however that's for you yeah we did it
guys
yeah all right let's take that arm up
and back pull down on your tricep and
then lean slightly the stretch in the
ABS bring that same arm across so it was
like everything was kind of a silent
build up to just be massive bird that's
our circle
go ahead and bring that arm forward and
press down on your fingertips breathe
make sure you stay hydrated it's great
on the forearm and other side go ahead
and pull back reach over and that just
feels so nice on the ABS as well huh
bring that arm across
and then forward whoo yeah and let's
just push those palms round your spine
tuck your chin and then inhale arms up
and make them armed sometimes
thank you so much honest trade if you
guys love that workout and you want more
of our workout plans check out our
fitness and wellness market place on
glow we'll see you next time
[Music]
