who's ready for some knockout abs son me
um so I have my friends Misha and Amanda
with me watch me she's gonna be showing
you all of the modifications if you want
to spice things up all eyes on Amanda so
what to expect we're gonna go through
six one-minute core exercises for you
we're going to perform two rounds and
after each round we're gonna finish off
with what I like to call a knock out
burnout it's thirty Seconds pedal to the
metal and get breathless
are we ready girl yeah all right I'm
Zack are fighting Froggers all right so
let's go ahead and set up feet about hip
distance apart shoulders stacked
underneath your wrist 60 seconds on the
clock in three two one here we go jump
it up soft on the feet we're adding two
cross body punches and back down
fighting Frogger one two and back down
now me she's showing you the
modification if you want to dial it down
for any reason don't feel bad about it I
know a lot of us feel bad for regressing
or modifications you should it guess
what it's smart to listen to your body
right so do what feels good for you I
like to say do you because you are left
badass modified or not light on those
feet sit back on those heels now with
the punches I want you to focus on the
rotation that's how we're gonna fire
that entire core up up punch punch and
guess what I know this is knockout ABS
but I'm sneaking a little below the belt
in I'm sure you feel that you're likely
holy blue all right last one
stay with me punch punch beautiful okay
oh my gosh shake it out shake it out
what we're gonna do are called fighting
knee strikes we're gonna perform this
standing we're gonna work each blade for
30 seconds Misha is gonna play with
tempo which is a really great way to
modify all right so what we're gonna do
find your balance one leg out hands up
60 seconds on the clock we're gonna work
some
speed and your obliques in 3 2 1 let's
go alright so I want you to dry those
knees up
it's fast as you possibly can
yes we're also getting in a little
cardigan right here so really feel that
oblique that same knee that's the
oblique network feeling
I don't worry we're gonna switch it up
maybe as soft
abs are tight can we take it a little
bit faster yes that's the only answer
yes keep it going ready to switch it up
in three two one hands overhead I know
right but we didn't mention is we're
also getting your heart rate up yes
we're working your lungs as always
you're not got it out
alright keep it going standing leg is
soft back is tall hands coming up and
strike can we pick it up a little bit
more yes yes we can keep it going ten
seconds oh my gosh oh yeah here we go in
three two one done oh yes we're feeling
it right oh yeah okay on Zach
we have superwoman burpees I know you
hate the name Burpee now these are
actually Superman's but sorry guys
we're calling them superwoman burpees
but what I did add is a little sneaky
negative traits up push up push ups are
great for the core and we're gonna get
in a little bit of triceps so feet about
hip distance apart let's get ready to go
in three two one
shoot it out to your high plank now here
what you can melt this negative push-up
you she's gonna drop it to her knees
give me one single superwoman option for
the plyo all right drop it down milk it
three milk it to milk it one and then
give me that right there superwoman and
jump now if it's too much just drop it
it's not a big deal now what I want you
to focus on will we do the superwoman I
know you're feeling your lower back
I also want you to focus on your glutes
in your hands
all right now I thought this was so
great because with ABS we don't think
about our lower back right but to have a
strong core we also have to work your
back correct yes
keep it going thank God we don't have
too many to do heads neutral with your
spine let's get in one more what do you
say yes do it we came here to work but
you showed up furries and we totally got
this last one uh Macy hello
heart rate it's not right okay next we
have oh god you're gonna hate me for
this there's already a tyrannous these
are called fighting side planks Brina do
is thirty thirty so it's totally doable
so what I want you to do is set up into
a side plank position we have two
movements I want your hand overhead
right here get ready torque and three
two and one we're gonna kick it out
straight kick crunch it in knee strike
kick and strike do you feel your oblique
yeah right it's crazy
and I love I mean it's boxing in bubbles
right you signed up for this so
everything always has a little bit of a
fighting spin to it right am I doing
this right
my mouth gets in the way keep it going
now Misha's dropping turrini which is
totally fine kick it strike it let's do
one more on each side
or on this side kick strike let's go
Willy transition thirty thirty and three
and two and one let's go and kick strike
anytime
I'd rather new it's just stopping I want
you to keep moving and drop that news
anytime you need it
completely fine your elbow is in line
with your shoulder there we go
focus on you'll knock out abs five
seconds
this is last one last one last one stay
with me
set whoa whoa right okay thank God for
these allegiances okay so we're gonna
stay on the ground and it's called a
fighting crunch so that's our boxing fan
boxing a bubble we're gonna do two
punches on each side you're gonna
perform when we do our crunch you're
gonna come up crunch it up across your
body and a hook with that same arm then
we'll work the other side all right me
she's gonna play with some public and
three to show me that guard here we go
all the way down all the way up cross
and hook say mark all the way back all
the way up cross and hook they doesn't
need to be so fast exhalation at the top
most important thing is what it's
finding not rotation especially with
boxing you don't realize that you're
always working your core because you're
always using your legs to generate that
power so it's really fun once you've
signed up for this you can tack this on
to maybe a full body burn out we have
all of these great workouts so this can
complement maybe your main workout or if
you're short on time you could just do
this or if you just want to focus a
little bit more rights go to your core
push play we totally got you all right
let's do two more last one day with the
left foot last one yes okay so much
butter
who knew crunches could be so much fun
bye-bye boring crunches we O do those Oh
God are you ready we're ready so this is
the finale this is just hideous I'm just
gonna dress it you're probably gonna be
mad at me that's okay could sometimes
you need to get uncomfortable and do
things we don't necessarily like to do
well I don't like to do but they are
extremely effective for fighting playing
Jack
yeah okay pep talk is over let's got
that all right
feet hip distance apart shoulder stack
underneath your wrist we're doing a
plane check with an elbow strike in
three two one let's go light on your
feet now I know you're probably looking
up at your TV at your laptop so
important once you get the hang of it to
keep your head neutral with your spine
drive your elbow up through the ceiling
your back is tall and straight just like
a tabletop light on your feet now if
you're feeling crazy if Amanda wanted to
speed up the tempo she's like please
don't say that please hook dump me to do
that you can do that add the hot sauce
at the spice do you why girls because
you are badass right
Oh keep a guy oh my god and yes we're
getting some sneaky above the belt in
here as well so this is where I get to
be a trainer and tell the girls key boy
oh yeah see
sneaky break 15 seconds on the clock
beautiful work you look amazing
you look amazing final 10 seconds this
is glorious don't think I'm lazy I just
need a cue you hello final three two one
done okay on deck we're gonna finish off
round one with the 30-second ko burnout
they read into those after them are what
we have is a very dramatic you're like
what what is going on
we're do high knees with straight
punches all right just you're one into
me I mean it don't get mad she's gonna
go so fast like so crazy fast enemy
she's gonna go and write range of motion
right get ready to work and three and
two let's burn it out go 30 seconds on
the clock drag those knees up towards
the ceiling punches now I still like to
perform it great technique with the
punches so you're hitting at all i level
that's gonna sculpt those shoulders a
little bonus elbows tight to the body
focus on that and that'll take away from
the vomit inducing high knees that we're
doing I told you weird stuff that starts
flying out of my mouth I got tired keep
you guys final three
know what edie done yes okay yeah are we
ready for round two we're so ready for
round two
that's right we're taking this first bid
big breath in big breath out
all right on deck we have your fighting
Froggers but now we're a bunch of pros
correct yes yes we totally know what
we're doing we totally have this let's
hit it
set it up shoulders stacked underneath
your wrists your hips are down your abs
are tight in three and two and one let's
go jump it
one two back down let's go light on
those feet right we want to fake like
when we're boxing oh you like to say
look like a butterfly sting like a bee
so we don't want to make too much noise
and want to avoid making too much noise
with our feet nice and light just like a
butt side back is tall abs are tight I
think at this point I'm just so tired
keep going it's probably what you're
thinking right I just keep it real and
staying what you're thinking now as we
get fatigued and we get tired it's easy
to lose our form so this is a great time
for you to check it with your body see
how you're feeling always I want you to
keep moving and modify no biggie
wherever you're at today is perfect
we're way too hard on ourselves right
all right last one cuz we have five
seconds thank God
yes we got balloon belt that yeah that
was definitely a bonus below the belt
you're welcome
looking out for you so we're standing up
we're gonna work those alternating knee
strikes thirty Seconds one side thirty
Seconds on the other side you know you
can go as fast as you possibly can focus
on that oblique right the knee that's
working that's what we want to focus on
that side hands up you're a new door and
three and two and one
show me go as fast as you can here we go
try that knee up you can tap it now if
you're feeling so super crazy
infinite the membrane Amanah so please
don't tell me to do any more you can
keep that foot up it's okay if you don't
haha for a little extra balance I'm just
sneaking in all these progressions to
her like she didn't even know about
please dog alright can you pick up the
pink one more sure you can what's the
answer
oh yeah the answer is oh yeah inhale
yeah so let's go final three two one
switch it let's go up whoa don't fall
over if you do it's okay it happens to
your trigger as well work on that speed
I know we're feeling it I think it's so
fun there's just so many cool and fun
innovative ways that we can work or
that's really hot like without doing or
just sit-ups you know it's so much fun I
love bringing that boxing element into
everything final five four three two one
we've done oh yeah oh no oh yeah oh no I
just looked at what we're doing so we're
doing super woman
burpees you already know the drill I was
gonna say let's do something really
crazy and make it harder but it's hard
enough why doesn't need to be that
difficult I don't want to freak my
ninjas out either
all right here we go so super warrior
burpees milk it down for that tricep
pushup
obviously above the belt is just an
extra bonus get ready to work feet hip
distance apart in three two sixty
seconds let's go high plank it milk it
milk it milk it once you get down head
neutral to your spine option for your
play look like a butterfly and breathe
breathing so important so is grunting
you can always grunt sound effects are
always you're welcome
the longer the videos go on I start
making all sorts of crazy sounds insane
all sorts of crazy things but that's
okay that's what you signed up for
that's what you signed up for keep it
going
because you know working out is not
perfect that's why I like to just let
whatever comes to my flat my mouth
without sensory well not completely
because now these perfect we're not
perfect life is not perfect this video
is not gonna be perfect and that's great
be real alrighty we're human wherever
your abs this is too hard for you now
keep showing up because what you'll be
doing them in no time alright this is
your last one thank God is that isn't it
okay
holy moly no okay every time I look at
them my favorite one the next one is
just more gross than the previous one
and when I say gross a means so good
like so amazing right yes you do things
that we don't like we're going for our
side plank so fighting xiphoid remember
you have to movement a straight leg and
a nice right combo 30 30 hands overhead
let's go kick egg strike it you want to
try to keep that hip up Oh meter meter
kayo obliques going on right here kick
and strike drop it if you need to I just
want you to keep the movement keep going
ah girls are you sweating oh yeah
definitely breaking a sweat
okay I'm totally dying I think it's nice
to admit that right oh yeah I'm totally
dying they're feeling it alright let's
switch it okay okay hands up listen I'm
told I breath I'm out of breath
yep
I warned you I warned you to hear if
need be we just tell it like it is
I always think it's fun to be relatable
and show the more human side you know
your trainer struggle just as much as
all of us right it's not easy
last slide last one yeah so you can also
the fun is just yeah I'm not saying the
fun is my mouth for them sure people are
like please a bit please stop please
stop talking okay you're ready in 15
seconds we're gonna stay on the ground
we have your fighting crunches so we're
gonna pop our feet around you remember
we now since we're a bunch of pros we're
gonna pick up the pace just slightly do
you have it crossing hook it remember
crunch your cross and hug let's go in
three two show me that barred all the
way back we're gonna cross we're going
to hook back exhalation Shh there we go
they don't say in boxing you exhale on
the punch
such a great way and a great reminder to
breathe let's go tiny bit faster let the
hair gray well we're almost on we're
almost at it
we are totally at the finish line keep
working
right we got this oh yeah I love that
whoo we do that's right you got this
we've all got this and keep pushing play
if it's easier right it always gets
easier now stay at home if you didn't
have light hand weights and you wanted
to add a little layer of intensity grab
them next time you know keep like you've
done this video enough times know it
you're pro pick them up just make it a
little bit harder all right two more
whoa I didn't know what I just did
last one this is the cross and hook oh
boy do you know what's next
we're gonna do some fighting playing
jacks so we just have two more things
this will go you got that right time
flies when you're having fun you're like
really you're like you call this fun
yeah this is fun okay here we go
fighting playing jacks let's get into
that perfect high plank position has new
choice or spine shoulders underneath
your wrists feet hip is apart in three
two what let's go it's up up you can
play with tempo we talked about adding
out hot sauce adding that spice if
you're feeling super crazy today take a
little faster if you want absolutely
fine pull your abs in keep that back
straight pits nice and stable
strike that elbow up towards the ceiling
there we go
do you like this one I love it you do
Miche you want to try one just like a
real one yeah oh yeah now toe-tapping
it's great me also can hold a high plank
and just perform an elbow strike so keep
that in mind next time you push play
there's all sorts of ways
there's all sorts of ways you can modify
right so one time if you modify with the
toe taps this is awesome
she's still getting in that fighting
element and holding her planks working
her ko hops keep going in three two one
woo love it I kind of like that
modification yeah that's fun right
because everyone does the toe taps which
is great but I think this worked a
little bit more of your core right just
holding a high high and I feel mmm arms
yeah oh yeah bonus above the belt you're
welcome okay we're almost done we're
gonna finish it off with your KO burnout
thirty seconds on the clock high knees
with straight punches are we ready okay
let's do it here we go this is that
answer and two and one go
all right
I'm gonna come back here I'm gonna go
like this oh look at those names they
can't go anywhere I'm gonna come over
here I danced my way over this is
amazing
she's punch in she's punching ooh you do
box oh my god
keep it going ten seconds I'm gonna join
you keep it going
get those knees a little higher punch a
little bit faster final five four three
two one and done yes so that was your
knockout as amazing amazing you're
amazing if I don't tell you enough keep
showing up
keep pushing play add this on as a
burner little knockout burner for some
of the other workouts in the program or
just do it ab is make sure you're always
warm make sure to pull down and I'll see
you at your next workout
[Music]
