hi my fitness friends its KITT rich and
today I have a workout that incorporates
my two faves cardio and Pilates no
equipment needed so you can do this
anywhere this workout is inspired by
Yogi blackberry apple cider digestive
awakening tea a fruity herbal tea which
can help energize your digestive system
throughout the next thirty minutes I'll
also be including exercises that can
help support healthy digestion so let's
get ready to move and have some fun
alright let's get started before we
begin this is my friend christelle and
this is my friend Kristina follow
Kristina to do the Modifieds
are you ready let's begin you're gonna
take your legs wider than your hips with
your toes pointed forward I want you to
bend your knees take your arms up big
inhale and exhale bend the knees fold
forward and just keep going at your own
pace here what you're trying to do is
connect into your breath also wake up
the legs good let's do a few more here
inhale up and on this last one I want
you to come up into a calf raise lifting
your heels up finding your balance and
then dropping down keeping your legs
wide start to reach up and over up and
over good again focusing on that breath
this is the warmup this is crucial to do
that
keep your arms nice and loose hands
loose now let those arms cross your body
and don't be rigid with this just let
them swing but be mindful to keep your
chest up for me I love a good twist in a
warm-up great we don't twist enough now
from here keep those legs moving start
to take your arms as they pull back
kicking your butt that feels nice now
you want to make sure that you're
keeping your feet flexed so that you're
getting that quad stretch and taking
your tailbone under just a little bit
who should start to feel that heart rate
go up a little bit yeah yes from here
this is gonna lead us into a back lunge
with a torso twist let's step your left
leg back make sure that front knee is
right over the ankle twist towards the
front leg only step it in alternate you
want to drive through that heel chest up
really feel that rotation feel that
stretch taking place
sooo one more each and then we'll begin
yeah
last one and come to Stan legs wide nice
soft hands cupping your shoulders chest
up begin a twist of the torso all right
so as we're doing this I need you to
check in with form right away first of
all no crunching here you're up tall
shoulders are right over your hips your
abs are pulled in tight and lift up out
of that waist as you're rotating good
keep going here we're gonna start to
pull just your right knee in towards the
left elbow ready go in now notice my
standing leg is bent the Energy's in the
heel and I'm really trying to get that
right knee up as high as I can with the
twist happening at the same time in five
seconds we're gonna go into high knees
ready and let's take it up run in place
you guys all know high knees oh yeah you
can do it get those knees up remember if
you don't want to run in place modified
is a beautiful option you're still
working your core you're still loosening
up those hips still getting that heart
rate up hey crystal yes I'm faster okay
in five four three coming down into a
plank here we go hands on the floor step
back shoulders right over your wrists
only your right leg draws in hold that
there and start to swing the legs side
to side
now keep going for me I got to teach
this one now the tendency in this is to
lift the hips keep your hips in line
with your shoulders keep your back leg
really strong as you're swinging the
knees let the hips rotate good now try
to pull the knee in closer to the chin
yeah you really want to get that lower
ab work yeah notice that the left me
down is still a great option you have
ten seconds
woo from here step the right leg back
hold your plank come down onto your
forearms shoulders are still right over
those wrists only your right hip dips
down to the right then come to Center
and continue right and down to Center
you want to feel like your abs are
pulling you back up through the center
[Music]
connect to that breath a lot of rotation
here work in that side body
let's do about three more this is gonna
lead us into Pilates swimming let's go
one more come down onto your stomach
extend your arms lift your head up lift
arms and legs up alternating arms and
legs like you're swimming go now stay
with me
notice what Cristina is doing she's
going a lot slower
she's honoring the fact that if she has
a sensitive back she's pushing into the
floor with the opposite hand to help
find the lift it's not so much about how
high you go it's about the length you're
trying to stretch away from your body
let's go five more seconds here in four
three two one come up onto your hands
and knees for cat cow with the knees off
starting with your knees down your knees
are directly underneath your hips
shoulders right over your wrists start
to round your spine and then arch your
back connect to that breath you choose
here we go one more and I'm gonna ask
christelle to join me here by taking
your knees off the mat and just continue
that same move you'll feel a little
shaking sensation in that tuck very
normal make sure you're really
articulating that spine finding that
arch
you have about ten seconds here keep
those knees hovering right over the
floor try not to let them lift too much
one more lift your hips up and back
downward dog walk your hands back to
your feet hold that stretch there soften
your knees roll yourself up come back to
Center
cut the shoulders torso twist go let's
go left side
what is it righty tighty because of that
ever ok ready you're gonna start to
bring the left knee in to the right
elbow let's go
nice big exhale at the top maybe you can
pick up the pace a little bit more give
it a little bit more pizazz if you will
good coming up we have high knees
remember that one oh yes here we go and
take it
light on the feet smile on your face abs
in tight
quite a combo for life here we go it's a
great combo to work with you say that
now light on my feet smile on my face
absent yes eight seconds here coming
down we've got that plank but left leg
this time ready here we go
shoulders right over your wrists abs in
pull your left knee in swing it pull the
shoulder blades down the back push the
floor away with your hands strong leg
draw that knee and more yeah ladies you
have about five seconds do not drop the
knee well of course unless you're
modified here we go left leg is back
hold it come down to your forearms hold
it left hip dips down and then Center
keep going for me I want to check in
with you at home or wherever you are
doing modified you want to make sure
that even though you're on your knees
your hips are still down tailbone under
for me so I'm gonna ask Kristina to dip
her to tuck her tailbone a little bit
more and she'll find access in that left
oblique just a little bit more you have
five seconds here this is leading us
into swimming give me one more and come
down onto your stomach extend your arms
lift up and swim really feel the back of
the legs kick kick kick kick kick
stretch through those limbs
energize the back of that body you
cannot work the front without thinking
about the back in five four three two
one come up onto your hands and your
knees no need to break shoulders right
over your wrists and knees underneath
your hips let's come off your knees
Christelle and tuck and release good
we're coming up on the end of round one
round two totally different moves you
with me yeah you feeling hopefully you
feel a little more blood flow so much
circulation is better digestion is there
already starting to get a little bit
better relieve that tension in the body
scoop takut five seconds here last one
downward dog walk back to your toes hold
the stretch soften your knees roll it up
around to some standing core so from
here let's stand in the left leg right
leg is out arms are now lift it up at a
diagonal and bring the hand in knee the
difference is though for those of you
want to take it up a notch
Christelle we're gonna hop it up alright
let there we go
like you're giving your knee a high-five
yeah you're so good doing so great ready
five seconds we're gonna step that right
leg back to draw the knee in ready and
go in now notice I'm hopping many of you
will go not so much I want to stay here
stay low I feel like I get more control
feel my ABS more that works whatever
you're vibing today is what you do five
seconds and on this next one
oblique stand tall arms up knee comes up
crunch hop it up now again you don't
have to hop you can do a little crunch
the point is to really get that knee up
you're doing awesome I want to join you
ready hey hey
new dance burger yes look so sexy in
five four three two rest
whoa all right from here we're moving
into jumping jacks with the arms pushing
forward ready go so the arms are
deliberate imagine oh you're really
pushing something forward that works the
abs and any jumping really works your
lower abs like crazy
five seconds here coming up we're gonna
go into a low squat inside crops ready
and go cross up jump cross
you're doing great now keep your chest
up even though you're getting low in the
legs how low can you go yes cross that
body push that door
[Music]
five seconds here
last one come back to a plank we having
fun yeah
here we go plank position this time
right knee hits the three spots we go
left elbow tap back into the chin tap
back right forearm keep going only right
leg just making sure you're hitting all
three points
stay with me checking in with forum nice
shoulders remain right over the wrists
you're feeling the lower abs draw in to
draw the knee in you have five seconds
here last one make sure you close it out
and then come down onto your left side
you're on your left forearm with your
legs slightly extended in front of your
body then you open up your body to the
sky so you're sitting on your left butt
cheek right arm up side v-ups little
contraction there exhale now it's so
important that when you're working the
arms you think about them check in with
that right side feel what's happening
there strong legs
now notice Cristina is bending her legs
in great modification still works so
well
how you doing christelle oh so good i
feel it five seconds here last one good
now come down on to your left side
totally so that you're resting on the
arm the legs are slightly pitched
forward for balance right arm is back up
this time you crunch up reach for the
leg and drop back down and continue up
crunch and drop notice that your heart
rate is starting to go down that is on
purpose we are gonna drive it back up
when we do this again for the left so
take this opportunity to really inhale
through the nose exhale out the mouth
give me one more here and then come up
onto your left forearm your legs are now
in line with your body top arm is down
in front of you hold this here abs in
tight lift both legs up hold
now imagine as of the right leg when it
comes forward the left leg goes back
behind you and then just scissor switch
good the goal here is to find the
stability of the torso nothing moves
except the legs if you're finding
yourself wobbling that's normal you'll
get stronger that same muscle that we
just worked that right side of the body
it's the same muscle that needs to work
right now to keep you stable you have 5
seconds here good last one and relax it
down come on to your stomach push
yourself up into a plank downward dog
walk your hands back soften your knees
roll yourself up and let's go for round
two ready left leg is extended and go
let's drive it up again yeah let's have
some fun my mom only says she feels I
was switched at birth because she has no
idea how I find working out fun I don't
understand how did this happen in five
you're doing great
now you're gonna step that same leg back
behind you and pull it in remember you
don't have to hop you can keep it low
just make sure if you're staying down in
that right leg that you get lower yeah
infox ready for the oblique
here we go take it up
I'm not concerned about you looking
pretty here or handsome just do you do
the best you can
five seconds gearing up for jumping jobs
ready go
whoa so maybe right now you're going
KITT one minute just give me a second
this is a great option okay remember
it's not a long set you can do this if
you don't do today you'll do it with me
another day I'll be so proud you did
ready
squat cross squat cross push that door
these exhales at the top you really
helped pave punch out in exhale yes
great note I loved that v getting ready
for your plank last one here we go
shoulders right over your wrists and
begin left knee taps right forearm chin
left tricep oh I feel you
yes roof great opportunity focus in
close your eyes feel the muscles being
worked instead of having your eyes open
and seeing everything and let things be
such a distraction
feel your body here
you have five seconds finish it now
you're gonna come down onto your right
side to work the left side you come onto
your right forearm your legs are
slightly pitched forward arm up open up
the body and begin so the tendency here
which I do which is why I'm reminding
you is I tend to close my chest here and
sink into my shoulder try to stay up
lifted strong confident here keep those
legs glued together
let's go for two more and then come all
the way down onto that side legs are
still slightly pitched forward left arm
is up crunch up lift the leg up feel the
oblique squeeze and drop back down
really keep it in that left side if you
feel a little wobbly that's normal
last one here come up onto your forearm
legs are now in line with your body top
arm is down in front of you lift both
legs up hold that abs in tight scissor
switch the legs
wooh keep it stable keep your shoulders
still not as easy as it looks
yeah what's going for a stroll in five
four three two one and good all right
come on to sit up for me so from here
we're gonna open up that body after
working those obliques so much your
hands are behind you you might want to
lean into them and they're wide so
they're not super narrow take them wide
like the mat scoop into your lower abs
like a C curve here like you've scooped
out ice cream but chest stays lifted and
now lift your legs up from here you're
gonna rock side to side with those knees
you're gonna go one two and on the third
one drop the knees to the floor come up
onto your knees and open up your body
here and then take it down and let's do
it again it's your own pace one two
three and if you do the same side like I
did don't worry about it just find the
other one
and let's go again one find that
rotation this is so good for digestion
so good to release tension and that's
stomach good let's do one more ready and
just rock side side side take it up lift
open everything and relax so now we're
moving into focused Pilates inspired
core work again with the intention of
working through that tension that you
feel in the core legs straight up to the
sky Pilates V with your feet bring your
hands behind your head and hold now I
want you just to hold this if you're not
familiar with the Pilates v your heels
are together and your toes are apart so
they're shaped like a V now from here
your legs are gonna go down towards the
floor and then once they get to your low
point you're gonna open your legs hip
width and then draw them back up and
squeeze your heels together at the top
inhale down exhale up now if you need to
modify you're gonna do this with bent
legs same idea inhale down exhale up you
also have the option of placing your
hands underneath your butt I'll
demonstrate here to help relieve some
tension in the back if you're finding it
hard to connect them to the core
[Music]
focus in
you ready to reverse it yeah here we go
you open go down squeeze the heels to
drive it up really hard on those lower
abs do the best you can yeah me too
let it shake here so when you shake it
nothing shakes oh yeah one more and bend
the knees come to sit up again with your
hands behind you a little more advanced
move here a version of single leg
you're gonna scoop into your abs make
sure you can lean back into those arms a
little bit cuz you're now gonna take
your legs up in the table top with
flexed feet the right leg is going to
extend as you draw your left knee in and
then switch and switch and switch now
keep going for me I need to check in
with everyone to make sure that we're
doing this right so notice that the
modified version she drops her leg to
the floor and then you can really focus
on the knee pulling in to get those
lower abs that helps to compress on the
organs the digestive system good now
from here you also want to imagine it
though I have my hands underneath your
shoulder blades and I'm pumping your
heart up and then the lower abs can
still draw in scooping them out and
really get that knee dry towards the
chin last five four three two one
and come to sit up you're gonna take
your right knee lift it up your hands
are holding onto your knee so that it's
strong there so leg pushes up against
hand hand pushes against leg let's start
this way in the modified version keep
your left leg down you're gonna slowly
roll yourself down so you get the tips
of the shoulder blades and then using
just your abs keep your leg where it is
just try to roll yourself up keep going
the tendency here is to use the momentum
he was kind of throw yourself up I'm
asking you to really feel your core feel
the muscles pulling you down feel the
muscles bringing you up more advanced
left leg extends out at a diagonal
not an easy move very focused let's go
for one more and switch legs start with
the modified unless you know you're good
to go you can extend the right leg and
give it a shot each side will feel
different oops stay holding on to that
leg so your arms are working here the
arms are pushing down into the leg as
the leg pushes up into the hands let's
go for one more and at the bottom keep
your left knee tugged in to the chin
right leg is now extended hold this
pulse the left leg in twice one two
switch one two now this one is very
special for digestion that compression
there very good breathe into it if it
bothers your neck at all keep your head
down pulse pulse stretch stretch
now from here I want you to hold your
left leg in right leg extended let's
drop the head just for a moment to give
your neck a little a bit of a space and
time to breathe now place your hands
behind your head
come back to a crunch position twisting
towards that left knee only now hold
this should be hard your right leg is
extended if it needs to be on the floor
that is okay if it needs to be bent
that's okay hold it now the left leg
that's bent extends out to the right and
draws back in inhale out exhale now
notice that I'm holding the side twist
feel free to just add a crunch if that
feels better for you give me one more
now switch to the other side so the
right knee is now pulled in hold it hold
it abs in breathe deeper let that stress
leave your body and now go right leg
goes out exhale draw it in inhale out
exhale draw it in good try to get off
both shoulder blades here give me two
more last one bicycle crunch flow go
twist twist twist twist twist twist
wring it out deepen the breath lift the
upper body you can going five going four
going three two one and relax
nice work all right from here I want you
to take your legs wider than the mat
arms lift it overhead I want you to roll
yourself all the way up to a seated
position for Pilates saw your legs are
as wide as the mat you don't want to go
too much wider because often what
happens as we dip into the hips right so
you're tall in the body arms are out to
the side inhale exhale twist sawing off
the pinky toe inhale up exhale soft
bring those organs out last one here one
each side and from here roll yourself
right back down and then from here bring
your legs together arms out to the side
and from here you can either draw the
knees in to take them up or just take
them straight up to the sky the legs are
gonna go down to the left at a diagonal
dropping down when they come up the
right arm is gonna go up to meet the
legs drop it down come up to meet down
now feel free to do this with bent legs
feel free to do this with a very small
range of motion it does not have to be
as big as I'm making it last one here
hold it
drop the right arm come back to Center
if you need to break go for it otherwise
the legs go down to the right you're
gonna lift up with the left reach for
the toes drop it down lift up reach two
more
last one and hug the knees in all right
we've got one more move before we
stretch this one feels really good I
want you to flip over onto your stomach
now a lot of people don't realize that
after you work the stomach it's
important to stretch it and often
massage it it feels so good on the
stomach and it helps to release any
tension possibility in the back as well
so you're gonna bring your hands
underneath your shoulders your feet can
either be hip-width apart or pilates V
if you have a sensitive back separate
your feet from here you're gonna lift up
into a mini Cobra you're pushing into
your hands your shoulders pull back your
abs and ribs are pulled in and then like
a teeter totter you drop onto your
stomach lift your legs up inhale up
exhale drop I cannot stress enough the
importance of breath in this one that
exhale on the down massage that belly
let's just go two more here last one and
sit back into a child's pose
whew you guys did awesome this was a
very different speed for me today it was
way more focused you did excellent you
ready to stretch out oh yeah let's do it
come on just sit up for me sitting
cross-legged no take note which leg is
in front she will switch it and from
here I want you to stretch your arms up
to the sky big inhale and on exhale
rotate bring one arm in front of leg one
arm behind the body push into the hands
to lift the chest up and
breathe if you're looking for an extra
stretch right hand holds on to the left
knee to deepen the twist and gently come
back to Center let's do it again big
inhale up exhale twist to the other side
push into the hands to grow tall through
the chest deepen it by grabbing on to
the knee
[Music]
[Music]
very good staying here take your right
leg out left leg is folded in to open up
the back everything we just worked reach
for the foot take your top arm up and
over chest up
close the body towards the leg
and last one here left leg out right leg
pulled it in reach for the foot reach
your top arm up and over heart lifting
to the sky
and then closing the chest here
and now just coming up sitting
cross-legged anytime you do any
movements like that anything that's
really concentrated or big you just
always want to come back to yourself
focusing on your body and express
gratitude to yourself for being able to
do these things taking your arms up to
the sky palms touching each fingertip
touching feeling that closure as you
bring it to your heart and dropping your
chin towards your fingertips closing
your eyes and to yourself right now
expressing one thing that you are so
grateful for opening your eyes keeping
your hands to your heart thank you for
taking the time to workout with me today
and allowing your body to try some of
these Pilates integrative twist
movements this session was inspired by
Yogi blackberry apple cider digestive
awakening team deliciously fruity herbal
tea that helps to support healthy
digestion I hope you feel energized do
you feel energized thank you edible yay
and ready to take on your day you did it
and you did great see you next time
