all you'll need is a lighter set of
weights now let's do this so I have the
lovely Tara and Megan joining me Megan
will be doing the modifications tour and
I will be going so full-out let's do
this alright you get started jumping
jacks
out and in we're working those arms so
get a move in and save one in front of
the other you don't want to put the
other switch in it yes for ten nine
eight seven six and five four three two
and one hit the floor jump the feet back
now out and in hop those feet out and if
that's too much just alternate stepping
out for a ten and nine and eight seven
six five four three two and one here we
go hop the beat up by your hands and
back together yes and if that's too much
just alternate stepping it forward
stepping it back keep hopping it forward
and back for a ten nine eight seven six
five four three two and one
now feet together - drop it low feet
together - drop it low if that's too
much just step the feet together then
drop it low in announcer bird ten nine
eight seven six five four three two and
one hit the floor now knees to the chest
in in run like you're running away from
your ex let's go hurts and nine in seven
I can tell if you don't
if you want him back about how quickly
you're running let's go and seven and
six and five four three two and one hop
it forward forward and back let's go
forward and back keeping the weight in
the hands ten nine eight seven six five
four three two hop it forward now into
the other just drop it low in and out
drop that booty low if you can for kick
nine eight seven six five four three two
and one hands down pop those feet out
and in jumping jacks with the feet let's
go for it ten nine
eight seven six five four three two and
one one more time hopping it forward
hopping it back you're welcome there ten
nine eight seven six don't stop in six
five four three two and one hop it
forward in and out let's go for it ten
nine eight seven six five four three two
and one hands down step those feet back
hold your plank squeeze those booty
cheeks together and press that between
those shoulder blades hold at ten nine
eight seven six five four three two now
take it across the body with those knees
crossing the body if that gets to be too
much come down on your knees same thing
just pull that belly button up to the
ceiling in and in cross ten nine eight
seven abs in in seven in six five four
four four four four my favorite number
four and three two and one hold the
plank don't move
squeeze the booty cheeks together press
up between those shoulder blades abs in
hold it
ten nine eight seven six five you can
keep the knees down if that's too much
for you five in four in three two and A
one down to those forearms then up to
the straight arms let's go down to the
forearms up to the straight arms if you
need a break tough you're not getting
one let's go down and up for ten nine
eight seven six five try to keep those
hips still four three two hold the floor
arms down don't move for a ten nine
eight seven six five four three two now
dip those hips take it side to side your
feet should look like windshield wipers
going side to side drawing a rainbow
with the hips because hello
[Music]
nine eight seven six five four three two
and one hold it center don't move
squeeze those booty cheeks together abs
in for ten nine eight seven six five
four three ten nine gum seven six and
five and four in three and two and knees
to the floor
tap tap tap tap lightly touch that floor
if that's too much you keep it down in
that forearm plank feet up toward the
ceiling or move at a slower pace yes for
ten and nine and eight seven six five
four three two and one knees down bring
the feet forward over to the left side
coming down onto your right forearm
grabbing your one of your weights with
the left hand keep it on the floor at
first now you're gonna lift the hip go
up then down to the floor up then down
the floor if that's too much just keep
your right knee down on the floor
lifting the hip and lowering the hip up
and down you got it in five yes
in four hello side body in three uh-huh
and to hold it up right there now lift
the weight up then down to the floor up
then down to the floor keep those hips
lifted yes in five you got it in four
keep moving in three two more two more
two hold it up right there now pulse the
hips and lift your left leg up if you
can for a ten in nine and eight seven
six five four three two and one lower
down other side swing those legs to the
other side bringing it the weight into
the right hand left forearm down on the
floor stack those feet now lift those
hips up and again if that's too much
take that left knee down and just lift
the hips keeping the right foot on the
floor lift and lower good five keep
moving in four don't stop in three yes
in two hold it up right there now right
wait up then tap the floor up and down
let's get it up and down lift and lower
in five get it in four
in three two more two last one hold it
up now pulse the hips lift your right
leg up if you can for ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and one
who bring those legs back behind you
coming down on to your hands and knees
grab your weights yes you're gonna lift
that weight straight up to this side
then back then again alternating good
really think about this being an ab
exercise too so keep those ABS pulled up
to the ceiling your back is slightly
rounded don't be letting that booty
stick out it's not that kind of party
let's go this and lower good forward out
in front of you yes out in front of you
warming up those shoulders lift and
lower up and down for ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and one
weights down step those feet back if the
weights are not in your hands and that's
too much that's okay now hop those feet
let's go for it ten nine eight seven six
five four three two and one hop the feet
forward stand up nice and tall we're
turning it forward tuck those weight to
the floor and up to the ceiling down and
up every time you stand squeeze those
booty cheeks together keep those ABS
active take it down and up let's go in
five keep moving in four keep moving and
three don't stop in two last one last
one bring those feet hip width apart
arms up now out and in again keep your
ribcage closed in don't be lettin those
ribs pop forward you're not a chicken
let's go out and then your mat you might
be my chicken but you're not a chicken
let's go chicken and four don't stop in
three two more two more two knees are
slightly bent hold it out and now bicep
curls out and keep those elbows in line
with the shoulders for ten nine eight
seven six five four three two hold it in
now hopping those feet out then in lift
those weights out
and up let's go for a ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and one
feet are hip-width apart now just bicep
curl up and down you're giving me a full
curl so all the way up then all the way
straight with those arms now only come
halfway up halfway up up then down yes
yes up and down here we go four more
four uh-huh and three good good and to
hold it up right there now open the
weights and tap them together out but
try to keep those elbows close to the
sides of your body so squeeze those
shoulders then in out and then you got
it in five don't stop in four keep
moving in three good good in two hold it
out right there now out and in pulling
those elbows in behind the ribcage yes
out in out in for ten nine eight seven
six five four three two and one here we
go up and up you got it lift for a ten
nine eight seven six five four three two
and one bicep curls let's go all the way
up and all the way down
watch those shoulders don't be slapped
in forward don't do it keep them back
let's go now only come halfway up
working the bottom part of your bicep
let's go lift lift up and down yes yes
lift and lower here we go in five four
three two hold it up now reach it
forward serve that platter
out and in aha you like this body it's
new you gotta take it out yes out and in
new year new body yes and five let's go
in for don't stop in three Yass Yass and
to hold it out right there now out to
the sides to bring it together out and
in remember nice and tall with that
torso no leaning back there's nothing
back there for you trust me let's go out
and in here she is in five don't stop in
four don't stop and three you got it in
two hold it out right there palms down
now pulse it up yes
ten nine eight seven
five four three and two and one here we
go up working the top those arms lift
and lift get the heart rate up ten nine
yes eight seven six five four three two
and hold it there don't move hold it now
turn the palms up then back to the back
wall up then to the back wall
ten nine you're welcome eight and seven
and six and five four three two and one
palms up now bicep curls in and out yes
burning the tops of those arms work at
ten nine yes eight seven six five four
three two pull those weights in now
pulse it up right leg up into your
balance as you go for ten nine yes eight
seven five four three two and one now
we're gonna punch it punch it now if
it's too much to move those feet just
bring those weights out in front of you
yes out out out out for a 10-9 get it 8
7 6 5 4 3 2 and 1 Peter hip-width apart
weights in front of you you'll drop it
low and lift curl those weights in let's
go down and up yes yes down and up if
you can touch those elbows to your knees
good for you Barbara let's go down and
up in 5 keep moving 4 don't stop in 3
good good
in 2 elbows to those knees take that
back nice and flat don't be letting it
round round so now bicep curls drop it
low to lift it if you can bring those
elbows to the front of your knees good I
like it 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 abs in 2 and 1
all the way up and elbows the knees up
flipping those palms forward and if you
need to take your time take your time
we'll get there don't worry 10 9 8 7 6 5
4 3
to hold it low booty low now lift those
weights up to the sides now what I don't
want to see is you rounding forward
looking like some cave creature like my
ex-boyfriend let's go up and down and
down yes it's not a read it's just the
truth and four uh-huh and three we all
make that choices yes and to hold it up
right there now it's half those weights
back to the booty back and back stay
flat with that back yes for a ten nine
eight seven six five four three two and
one all the way up to standing bring
those feet hip-width apart
weights behind your head elbows nice and
close now pulse it up let's go lift and
lift elbows right beside those temples
for ten ribcage nine eight seven six
five four ten nine eight seven six five
four three two and one bring those
weights all the way up to all the way
down yes
nice and tall with that torso no slouch
ease with those shoulders and five feet
moving in four let's go and three keep
moving in two last one hold it up now
flip those palms forward and back nice
and tall for ten nine eight seven six
five four three two hold it up palms
face each other now lower those arms
halfway down then up to the ceiling yes
but I do not want to see you snaky with
that torso it's not that kind of party
either keep it nice and tall ten nine
eight seven six five shoulders down four
three two hold it there now turn it to
the side walls then together turn to the
side walls together stand up nice and
tall
and old leaning back for ten nine eight
seven six five four three and two and
one now punch it out out out out go go
go go for ten nine eight seven six five
four three two and one waits behind
those heads bring those elbows close now
pulse it and pulse it yes for a 10-9
that's it and eight
seven six five going ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and one
take it down load with that booty you're
lifting those weights up to the sides to
back down against kiss those shoulder
blades together again
lift and lower back flies in five uh-huh
and four don't stop and three good good
and to hold it up right there now tap
those weights back to the booty out and
in for ten nine burn it out and eight
seven eight six definitely burn five
four three two and one coming down to
the floor onto all fours keep those
weights in your hands you'll lift it up
with the left arm extend it back then
back down lift with the right arm extend
it back and back down up back down up
back down let's go yes don't worry this
will be coming into play so if you're
gonna be in the plank for those of you
that really want to push it let's go
remember the arms remember the arms yes
you move in as you lift that elbow up I
want it to come above the ribcage then
go straight yes above the ribcage didn't
go straight but don't let yourself be
all cuckoo-crazy with that back let's go
flatten it out alright taking the hands
down step the feet nice and wide if you
can now with the same arms we're going
up extend back and down otherwise if
that's too much for you just keeping
these down and if you need to take a
break and try it a few times great let's
go back and out back and down keep it
back and down but keep those hips nice
and still ten nine eight seven six five
four three two and one both weights down
bring the knees down take those feet in
front of you good uh-huh now right here
sitting up nice and tall with the feet
flat on the floor if you can
bicep curl sitting up nice and straight
uh-huh now lift those feet off the floor
if you can
legs together for ten nine eight seven
five four three two and 1/2 feet down
cross the ankles weights behind your
head now pulse it up for a ten nine
eight sit up tall eight seven six you
got it in five four three two and A one
weights besides you lift the feet up now
reach those arms up and down up and down
feet can be off the floor if you can
ten nine eight seven six don't you dare
stop five and four and three and two and
one cross the ankles yet again weights
behind the head elbows close now pulse
it sitting up nice and tall for ten nine
eight seven six five four three two and
one weights besides you palms up lift
those feet off the floor if you can now
reach the arms up and down high five up
to the ceiling then down to the floor up
and down let's go ten uh-huh
nine abs in eight don't stop in seven
don't stop and six
uh-huh and five keep movin and four
you're like please stop yes let's go in
two last one cross those ankles weights
behind the head sitting up nice and
straight now pulse it ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and one
bringing it forward everybody yes - turn
it forward onto your knees
you're gonna bring those weights up in
front of you punch it forward and back
forward and back nice and tall with that
torso no leaning back as you reach those
arms forward there's nothing back there
for you let's go and five yes in four
keep moving in three two more two more
two last one last one bring those
weights in hold them there now you're
gonna come up to the feet bend down to
the knees if that's too much just hold
your little hold your little squat let's
go up and up and down and down up and up
and down and down and if you fall on
yourself good I like it let's go for ten
nine eight eight seven six five four
three-two and a one off on that squat
you'll lift the elbows squeeze those
shoulder blades kiss them and kiss them
ten nine eight seven six five four three
and two I'll hold the elbows up now kick
it straight out and in the palms face
the back wall as they go out out and in
ten and nine and eight in seven stay low
and six and 12 in parity and then nine
and five and four and three and two and
one nice and tall bring the feet hip
width apart now palms up nice W with
those arms W like why are you doing this
to me yes let's go and five and four in
three and two and I'll hold it there now
reach it straight out and then drawing a
Y with those arms wide and in out and in
but hey you chose this video so don't
blame me blame you five all the way out
four and three and a two hold it out
right there don't move palms up for ten
nine and eight slight bend in the elbows
eight and seven and six and five slight
bend in the elbows five and four and
three and two and one now bring them in
and out yes
in and out let's go in and out keep
moving in five juice do not stop in for
three yes yes into last one last one out
to the sides now pulse it up for ten
uh-huh nine eight seven six five four
three two and one jumping jacks bicep
curl out and in let's get it five in 12
in thirty five and ninety four and
thirty two in 53 and twelve eleven in
ten
now I need to cut it in eight seven six
five four three two and want to keep
curling up and quick-quick
shoulders back let's go for ten nine yes
eight seven six five four three two hold
it up tiny pulses up yours only below
your elbow than above your elbow yes for
ten poof
nine yes eight seven and six and five
four three two hold it up now take it
out and in yet again out to the sides
then back together kiss those shoulder
blades behind you yes for ten nine eight
seven six five elbows in five four three
two and one open those feet up you're
gonna take those weights down to the
toes then up to the ceiling keeping
those legs straight if you can keep that
back clasp if you cannot touch your toes
go as low as you can keep the back flat
come up squeeze the booty cheeks
together down and up let's go and down
the body then up the body ooh for ten
and nine band and snap Gang Gang and
eight and six and five good and four and
three and two hold it up right there now
bring the elbows down in line with the
shoulders then up down in line with the
shoulders then up yes now as you go left
leg up into your balance if you cannot
balance just keep both feet down for a
ten nine eight seven all the way up
seven and six five four three two and A
one beep bring those feet in now we're
just gonna cross the body really keep
those ABS active as you cross yes boom
boom protect your face because you
probably spent a lot of money on it
let's go for ten
eight and seven and six and five and
four and three and two and one weights
down now up to the sides to back down
again up and down let's go up and down
yes
watch yourself whenever you lift those
weights don't let your shoulders round
forward uh yes we're five keep moving in
four let's get it in three good good
and two hold it up right there hold it
don't move ten nine yes eight there
shaking eight and seven and six shake
for Jake yes yes seven and six and five
and four and three and two and one who
come down on the floor my little
darlings
yes collect yourself because we're
almost done
arms up to the ceiling you'll take those
weights to the floor then up but as you
take those weights back do not let that
ribcage pop up you are not a chicken
honey I'm not about to fry you let's go
then and let's get it down and up really
keep that rib cage in abs or pulled down
to the floor let's go for ten nine I
just showed how country I was right
there and seven and six and five you
have to ski excuse me yes and five and
four and three and two hold it up right
there lift the shoulders up the head now
out to the side okay I want those ABS
active now if you want a little bit more
lift those feet off the floor into a
tabletop yes keep those ABS active if
you need to rest your head go ahead
that's okay for ten nine eight seven six
five four three two both feet down now
take it across and cross karate chop
across out and boom boom and boom yes
yes boom imagine my face on either side
of your thigh and just knock me out
let's go ten nine eight seven six five
four three two and one both weight
Center pulse it up reaching for those
knees past your knees if you can let's
go for ten nine eight seven six five
four three two and one arms up to the
ceiling legs up to the ceiling
now bend those arms in tap the weights
right beside your temples and then up to
the ceiling yes yes it does legs too
much up to the ceiling bend um or flat
feet let's go uh-huh now as you've been
the legs lower it down a little bit then
up a little bit and up but lower back
stays on the floor down and up yes in
five come on in four keep those elbows
above your shoulders three and two last
one last one hold it up flex your feet
now touch your toes with the heads of
the weights yes for ten nine eight seven
six five four three two and one both
feet down arms come out to the sides to
up to the ceiling out and in working all
four corners of the chest yes out and in
as you lift those weights up to the
ceiling squeeze between your chest yes
yes out and let's go in five keep moving
in four keep moving in three good good
in two last one last one hold it up
right there lift the shoulders lift the
head now bend the arms in and out but
try not to let your elbows bounce around
think about the elbow staying still it's
just bending in and out for ten nine
shoulders up and eight and seven and six
and five four three two hold it in lift
those feet now reach the weights up to
the ceiling lift and lift let's go for
ten nine you got it in eight seven six
five four three two a hold it there
weights up lift the feet up off the
floor yes everybody you can do it for
ten and nine and eight and seven and six
five four three two and one rest it who
put those weights down yes all right
take those legs way out in front of you
let yourself rest here think about your
life think about your choices take the
right arm across hook it with the left
arm and try to keep your shoulders flat
on the floor Yass
feeling a stretch cute switching sides
left across right arm Hooksett try to
keep those shoulders down legs stay long
coming up with arms above the head I
want you to keep the ribcage down for
now now lift the ribcage up arching the
back feeling the stretch in the front of
that body then close it down inhale lift
it up exhale roll it down yes inhale
lift it up exhale lower it down good
good all right rolling all the way up if
you can swing those legs behind you
hands down beside your chest elbows
point up to the ceiling inhale lift the
upper body up if you cannot come all the
way up just come up as high as you can
round it right back down inhale press it
up stretching the front of that body
exhale roll it right back down last one
inhale press it up hold it up looking
over the right shoulder keep the
shoulders down looking over the left
shoulder keep the shoulders down coming
back Center press the booty back rolling
all the way up take that right hand
behind your head left hand goes to the
right elbow now look up to the ceiling
leaning to the left a little bit
switching sides mm-hmm look up to the
ceiling
coming back up Center on those knees now
swing the arms across and back across
and back just letting those arms really
really lengthen uh-huh all right hands
to the floor curl the toes walk those
hands back coming all the way up to
standing facing forward we're just gonna
swing those arms swing them swing them
you can let them go in the same
direction you can do both at the same
time whichever feels best for you
reverse that direction
uh-huh this is a great way to keep your
kids away from you yeah back cross and
back cross and back you can tap them
together cool for you hold them back
interlace those fingers leaning all the
way forward if you can reach the arms up
to the ceiling keeping your hands
together cool if not try to keep those
hands apart yes
shake the head no no shake the head yes
yes you're indifferent you're allowed to
be let those hands go then the knees
roll it all the way up and give yourself
a cute little pose Bing you're done
[Music]
