okay all let's get right into it with
some good dynamic warm-up we're gonna
get at the back of our mat crawl forward
drop those hips to an up dog I like to
let the hips shift forward squeeze my
butt for a moment walk back try to keep
your hands flat to the ground as long as
you can't bend the knees and stand all
the way up now right in front of me
you'll notice that Brittany is doing the
modified version of both of these
activities and right behind me Mikhail
is gonna be standing right with me we're
starting off and there's no need to
modify unless um you feel like you don't
want to bring that chest up high and you
want to bend those elbows just a little
bit and if you want to listen to your
lower back not feeling comfortable feel
free to get into that and last one here
come on back crawl it drop push through
those heels and stand up high now
pushing through the heels is always what
I want with all of your squats and
speaking of which our next activity and
warm-up we're gonna start with our feet
together hand straight out like we just
pushed now step to the side drive your
elbows in keep your chest up like a row
and exhale to stand side to side inhale
and exhale
and again you get to decide to speed
right now we're not here for cardio we
are here for strength training I'm
trying to activate that back that mid
back is all about making sure you have a
nice tall stance with your posture how
low are you able to drop those hips as
you drive those elbows in and you keep
your chest up high my questions are not
rhetorical I want you to show me I am
watching you it's very creepy I can see
you I can see you get down low and open
up these hips open up this front body as
you drive those elbows back last couple
moments here side to side we go side to
side we go keep that breathing I want
that to be a top concern don't let
yourself hold your breath it is not that
time
right now you breathe and become more
powerful by using that power
instrument of your breath laughs one
here and right now the legs are warm so
we get back to this crawl no more up dog
we're gonna do a Superman so walk it
forward
lie down try to go sternum first hip
last Superman squeeze that back body
squeeze that booty push up high walk it
back and sit down low
now if you can drop your hips lower than
those knees and that feels comfortable
for you please indulge me in that but if
that's not where your range of motion is
feel free to just try to take it as low
as you feel comfortable but a nice goal
is getting your hips at least to the
height of the knees okay just rock in
that body coming forward Superman and
pushing it right back up I let my back
round just a little bit when I push back
up out of the Superman just to take my
spine an opposite ranges of motion so
open the chest then I push close the
chest
walk it back drop this booty low hands
to prayer just a few more to go and yes
I do want your heels planted when you
get back to that squat if you're having
trouble with that most likely taking
your feet a little couple inches wider
will help you out with that let's get
another one
we got the time walk it out remember
this is still warm up and we are not
here for cardio we're here for strength
training and when you think about what
that should mean for your workout slow
it down press stand on up slow down
try to get as deep into your range of
motions as possible each time now I want
you to drive your elbows down your back
and open your chest just like you'd be
doing if you're on a lot pulldown
machine and when you squat I want you to
reach overhead don't feel pressure to
look straight forward you can look kind
of at a 45 degree angle
towards the ground keep the neck
comfortable so I'm inhaling as I get
down because that's gonna fill my body
and help me stretch and reach reach
reach exhale come on up pull those
elbows down there your back so my hands
are really trying to go almost towards
the back of the room so I'm not only
reaching high I'm pulling my hands
towards the back getting a little bit
more activation through my back body
more than halfway there you'll notice I
pull my elbows down as I come up high I
just want to get as much out of that
back as I can
yes feeling it hello how low you gonna
go though hello are you gonna go last
moments here oh and final inhale exhale
I stand tall very nice now from those
squat positions we're gonna get into our
first exercise and it involves a
deadlift and a row so we've got two big
ol muscle groups that are working
primarily here and they are both in the
back of your body I want you to respect
that by grabbing on to some significant
weight and the majority of this workout
is designated for a significant kind of
weight so just open we're gonna lift
those hips look towards the ground one
row let it down and squeeze that butt
and stand tall so a nice deadlift lift
those hips drive the elbows and high and
again just like I was saying before it's
not cardio its strength training so look
for consistency in movement more of a
steady-state training not a
high-intensity hit okay one drive of the
elbows at the very bottom I'm even
keeping my elbows close to the body
which is just more of a signal that I
can handle some big ol ways here we do
have longer intervals so if anything is
not feeling beautiful and good you
just slow it down take a bigger pause
and you're at the very top what I'm
coming up I'm not even thinking stand up
all I think is squeeze that black boom
okay
and it my bottle do the rest pull let it
down and squeeze one thing I see a lot
of people that start to stand up before
they let their arms all the way down and
let you let them all the way down these
time one more pull it down and squeeze
okay so this is the part where you can
drop the weight for like 10 seconds if
you'd like all that we're gonna do with
each set is increase the amount of time
that your elbows are high we're gonna
pull that's a very pop so let's start
with two seconds come on down inhale
exhale pulse two one down and squeeze
that button so right now every time I
stand up I'm giving myself just a quick
moment and going right back down if you
don't feel you're ready for that
pacing you spend more time at the top no
shame in that game because when you're
standing on top you're squeezing that
but you're still getting some work done
when you stand back up you're lifting
your chest depressing your shoulders
down your back so there's always
something working if you're doing this
right
squeeze it come right back into it just
A two A one A down let's squeeze it less
than ten seconds remaining yeah 201 down
the you should hear the side of my voice
this beautiful PopSugar music and the
sound of your breathing exhale and rest
I'm gonna rest my hands for a hot second
you can shake out these hands if you
like okay how you don't do it are you
don't do it are you gonna do it oh my
god that was such an embarrassing to our
TV movie now we're gonna grab those
weights and it just goes to a three
second let's get it go three two one and
bring it back up now when I'm going
between exercises and giving an
explanation
if you feel
like you couldn't last longer in these
sets you can keep working do my
explanations you don't have to have the
same pause breaks I'm here to
collaborate with you and these workouts
I want you to push yourself toward your
limits respectfully and responsibly so
if that is that you'd like to move fast
you like these work interval slots
longer I support you and all that you do
if that means you can go grab heavier
weights I definitely support you
let's effect this body off you get what
you give in this life so give a lot to
this work up so we can give a lot of
these results right back let's get one
more in there lift the hips pulse it
three two one I'm down good so we're
about to go to that interval those
biceps may start to feel it to just
really focus on getting these elbows up
high okay that was enough of a break
grab on pick it up squeeze that butt and
go you know one of the funniest things I
see when I'm teaching our people that
we're in the midst of practicing a
really good hinge the proper way to pick
up a heavy piece of equipment but when
they put their weights on the ground and
pick them back up they do it with really
sloppy form watch the way you're picking
up your weights as well are you using
the form that we're teaching you right
now bending those knees trying to keep
that back in a nice controlled position
I hope you are it's not about just
learning how to be stronger in the midst
of a workout just learning how to be
stronger in your everyday life I want
you to use this form when you're picking
up your groceries Bettany's knees get
your legs ready to help your back let's
have to use weight last one here
pulse it on four three two one has
down squeeze that but stand tall and
let's get down to the flow so we've been
working the back and this next exercise
is gonna combine all the muscles on the
back body and then we're gonna flip
right over and work the muscles of the
front body so hands up hips up high I
want you to reach one arm at a time to
the back of the room my hips are gonna
stay consistently high I inhale as I
reach overhead to try to get my body to
be as long as possible
now if you feel you can control these
weights well but you don't feel
comfortable touching the ground that's
okay you don't have to that's the way to
modify it just a bit but I would love
for you to try to keep these arms long
if you got to bend it there's no shame
in that game it will make you use more
triceps and using more triceps will make
you hate the next exercise even more but
hey there's always some sacrifice to be
made okay there's always some benefit
and some consequence to everything in
life so sometimes you've got to choose
your route you hear me I'm being
philosophical keep moving thank you rest
now we're gonna turn over and these are
gonna be our first shorter intervals of
today I want one pushup and then one
reach with the hand switch hands every
time let's get a quick 20 seconds in
here maybe 25 low exhale
high so Brittney's on those knees but if
you want to be on the toes you can
definitely just put those feet a little
bit wider and that will modify it a bit
and also you can do the push-up on the
knees then pick up your knees for that
reach if you can handle that one more
here and rest I did an odd number of
push-ups I will start on the other hand
when I reach for this second set the
second set starts in five seconds you
you're ready let's get on it and go get
low then reach it as you push the ground
away and lift that hand that's the best
time to exhale right I'm not just
thinking about the hand that's lifting
the hand that's on the ground I'm really
pushing that into the ground okay and
try to gain control of the center of my
body and last one here okay rest so
we're gonna turn over get right back on
our back and reach to the back of the
room this time I want you to have the
option of taking the same side leg as
the hand that goes overhead up with you
tick make it nice and controlled I like
to keep my me at the same angle like 90
degree angle that I have it in when it's
my foot is on the ground it stays at
that whole time and that just takes a
little bit more work from the core the
more you have a goal or are making the
body do what you want it to do rather
than whatever it's trying to just make
happen that's the more muscle that you
are activating and calling upon your
recruiting get this body to do what you
want it to do you're in charge this is
your instrument the best instrument
you're ever gonna be given to learn how
to control it okay use your breath once
again inhale take it back exhale back to
Center dude you'll eat this a nice long
interval cuz it's calm you can just
catch your breath and feel good okay
uh-huh
there's a method to my madness y'all and
rest now we're gonna turn over get back
to the pushup from the reach but I want
you guys to have the option of adding
your opposite leg you're gonna really
want to exhale when you're lifting the
opposite arm and leg and feel control of
the limbs there off staying on the
ground so get low exhale
then inhale lower exhale high exhale I'm
locking the knee of the leg that stays
on the ground and I'm focusing in on
that foot not turning Wow my opposite
arm and leg are in the air let's get one
more here breath good show
we're doing one more round of those I
know they're hard but they're worth it
okay fill everything about body working
three two and go and if this is your
second third time doing this video plus
some of y'all are on like the 50th time
of semi videos and you're getting strong
and you don't need that ten second break
don't take it keep moving oh yes I love
when I hear from people who have taken
the video they're like I was working
harder than you the whole time
I'm joking no one's ever said that I
have heard I laugh at my jokes to know
that people say oh last one yeah yeah
bring it down with control rest now
let's stand up so we feel good we're
feeling flexible we're feeling like at
our break is appropriate with all the
drip drip that's coming and now we're
gonna have a little bit of balance as
we're in a split squat and we're
dropping that knee as low as we feel
comfortable as we bicep curl so the
majority of my weights on that front leg
I'm doing the right leg notice my left
heel is high my left knee is active when
I'm standing tall coming down low
I'd write back up how low can you go
maybe you're still feeling those biceps
from what we were doing those roads
don't worry you are not alone Renier
feels it to anybody else you don't have
to sit you don't have to say you feel it
just cuz I have you can be like no
Renier okay but let me just let me just
say
using some twenty so okay these weights
are significant for at least the higher
rep work up baby boo okay let's get one
more here oh and right now we're gonna
come down on the knee I still keep my
right foot in front but my left leg is
giving me a lot of support I'm flexing
that glute we're gonna do a shoulder
press
let's stay straight up and down so meet
in front come out and press open
and push I just breathe it through y'all
right oh yeah baby
how tall can you stay let yourself get
supported on that left leg oh one more
good one I'm going to give you a short
break just ten seconds rest okay
one more time if you want to increase
your speed and you have that in you and
the forms gonna look right please do it
ready second set go that's it yes
breathe through hot right back in front
the body and push just lead out as
Arnold presses we get a little bit of
anterior delt I bring it back to the
front and then push it up to the sky to
the lockout those elbows try to lock out
those triceps
oh yes maybe one more come on yeah yeah
I rest okay let's come on up we're gonna
train legs left foot is forward our
right knees gonna get as low as we feel
comfortable as we bicep curl ready go
well I like to take my knee down and tap
it gently to the ground just show off
that range of motion if that's not
comfortable for you find the level that
is how low you feel comfortable going
we're going all the way through on a
nice long interval here because I know
those biceps can take it because both of
these ladies just that they didn't feel
it
okay I'll never forget I'll never forget
I heard you okay let's get it y'all oh
and if you don't feel it either that's a
good sign that next time you need to
pick up some heavier weight you heard me
let's go
oh and final one ah I'd say I'm talk
okay we get back on to that me I got if
you aren't comfortable on the knee you
can take a towel you can fold the mat
get a little extra cushion and now left
shoulder press it huh push it back down
nice the kneeling is one of those
positions where you don't realize how
much balance it is until you almost fall
off balance they're like oh this is
balance training I get it okay I'm very
concerned put my torso tape staying
tight my right glute staying active and
me just staying tall we get one more
yeah okay little rest here again if you
don't need that rest don't take it you
don't got to be a follower in this life
don't be afraid to be an individual
y'all be your own dang second set can
you speed it up go only beat it up if
you felt really comfortable okay I get
maybe one or two extra reps in but don't
get it twisted holding high to the sky
that's good work so having a nice pause
on these weights our overhead is always
a good idea yep come on let's go one
more
oh one more yeah okay press nice okay
off we're gonna actually stay on the
ground I mean we're already here we
might as well when you get some more
good core training we're starting at a
modified plank side plank my left arm
directly underneath my left shoulder
I got a dumbbell in front my body what I
want you to do
grab that dumbbell come under your body
pull it in and push it up now you have
the option
when you push it up to the sky of
raising that right leg nice and I again
this is about exploring your range of
motion getting into your obliques so no
need to rush especially on the way down
really try to reach under that body
towards the back of the room who you can
feel that glute work as you lift that
leg if you're choosing that option we're
more than halfway there pull it I push
this to the sky there it is come on
nice breathing up exhale high less than
10 seconds remain whoo
bring it and a push down and around
bring it and a push I lied I'm adding
one on because I can I'm in charge okay
Brigid I don't push and down and when it
goes down to the ground it's at rest now
from there we're gonna stay on the same
side and do a side plank these are only
gonna be 25 seconds long you can do side
click on the elbow or on the hand push
the ground away lift those hips high and
hold whoo now I'm trying to stack my
legs which is a little higher level
shoulders down the back I'm squeezing my
butt it should feel like you're standing
tall even though you're on your side
push into that ground okay whether it's
your elbow or your hand less than 10
seconds remaining reaching high towards
the sky pushing your left hand into the
ground 4 3 2 1
good news one more set on this side that
could be the good or the bad news I
guess you get Fisher the glass half
empty her glass half-full person okay
now pushing the ground ready and go now
if you want to try it on your hand but
you're not ready for your feet to be
stacked you could always separate the
feet it'll make it a little bit easier
but these dips do it practice that
higher level oh here it is okay I feel
that we got 10 seconds follow
you know what is ten seconds in this
short life we have to live but something
to enjoy and rest okay we're gonna turn
over I'm giving you a nice break because
we're about to have this left arm push
the dumbbell to the sky and that left
arm was just working pretty hard so
let's start setting up right hand
underneath the shoulder left hand in
front the body reach underneath and pull
and push it high again you have that
option of racing that left leg as you go
up to the sky with that dumbbell and I
just alluded to something I'm always
trying to speak about these moments when
were working how these are time to enjoy
you got to work out the rest of your
life we don't want to drag this
experience you want to look forward to
it this is new time okay and if you can
enjoy challenges like this in life
imagine how much more you're gonna enjoy
things that are actually just incredibly
fun with no hard work attached to it you
know what I'm saying I'm sure you do
that's your last one right there
and hello so on the right hand side
plank we start in three two hello
oh so again we're looking for a pristine
posture shoulders down the back chest
open
booty is squeezed I want you to try to
turn on as much your body as possible
okay not only focus on the fact that our
shoulder is most likely feeling this the
most we got five four squeeze that butt
three lock those quads and these down
rest huh one more of those to go we got
that I know I mean why am i acting like
this is so hard
and hold
and you can just feel the end incoming
we're about to stretch it's gonna feel
so good everybody's excited about it I'm
McVerry excited about it
just push into the ground Oh dad come on
keep those hips up high finish this off
here
five for a free a tool a one and down oh
goodness
okay oh we're gonna stand up and get
ourselves a nice standing stretch we've
got a lot of oblique work today a lot of
side body work so let's start with these
legs wide first I want you to push your
hips to the right reach your right hand
to the left
and take a big breath as you reach your
right hand even further so inhale reach
reach reach reach reach stretch that
side body exhale come up and around and
take that left hand to the right your
hips to the left and let's do the same
thing inhale reach reach reach reach
reach exhale come up and around and
again we're gonna reach this time you
can look down at your left leg for that
left foot and I want you to bend your
right knee I want you to get as low as
you feel comfortable if you can lift the
outside of your left leg do it try to
keep the upper body open to the front of
the room inhale one more time exhale
come up and around and switch I'm gonna
look at that right foot and I'm gonna
bend my left knee keep my upper body
open to the front of room if you can
lift the outside that right foot you can
do it shift as much weight onto that
left leg as possible inhale and exhale
to sim Sala that may be where you want
to stop with that progression if you
want to go one more level high lift that
left toe keep your left leg long you're
going to reach your left hand for your
right foot as that right hand reaches
overhead staying open the front of room
just like before feel that increased
stretch in your left hamstring big deep
breath reaching in both directions that
right hand reaches to the left exhale up
and around and again right toe up right
hand reaching for the left heel and left
hand reaching for that right wall oh yes
one of my favorites keep that chest is
open to the front of room as you can
nice deep breath reach with that deep
breath reach reach reach reach reach
exhale and come on up now
I'm going to squeeze your booty bend
your knees gently and reach to the front
of the room as you try to look back or
maybe up to the sky squeeze that button
how far back can you go inhale deep
breath and exhale come back forward and
let's just hang right here my neck is
resting comfortably just hanging and I
can grab my opposite of with my hands
just let the upper body hang the lower
body has the majority of your weight my
hips are up high and then I want you as
your upper body is just hanging to bring
your feet in towards each other one step
at a time make it calm make it calm when
your feet are under your shoulders just
hang there let your head hang heavy let
your arms just hang now let go of those
elbows those hands just come down shake
your head yes you're just so happy about
that amazing workout and you've taken it
all that positive energy shake your head
no for any negative thoughts you're
having because you don't have time for
negativity in your life that is not
going to serve you let's shake our head
yes one more time because we love to end
on a positive and then slight bed
underneath starting with that low back
keep that neck hanging heavy got that
lumbar spine thoracic spine then end
with that cervical grab those hands
inhale squeeze that butt reach back one
more time inhale exhale forward and
thank you so much for joining me today
[Applause]
you
