you guys are in luck today we're gonna
give you a cardio and core workout by
the inspiring mafia dias thank you Anna
this workout is from my eighth month
lifestyle guide and it's amazing for all
fitness levels are you ready to get to
work let's do it let's get it alright
let's start this warmup we're gonna take
it from the top down we're gonna start
with neck circles everything 4 5
starting clockwise let's go give me 5
neck circles releasing the tightness
[Music]
with every rep try to make those circles
bigger and bigger hello
left side is very tight let's reverse
that and from here if you want to take
it slower then you can see and recognize
areas of tight
[Music]
let's follow it with the right arm bring
your vision to your palms
[Music]
find the stretch on your pecs going
through your last one left this is nice
I like that little twist to through the
torso yeah you know spine rotations
[Music]
then we're gonna pick it with the tips
and we're gonna do five big circles
pinch forward feel the back of your legs
lengthen go around for five then we're
gonna reverse this movement recognize
some areas of tightness and try to put
your breath where the tight areas are
I'm breathing into my head and reverse
this and you also want to learn how your
body moves right and there's so many
people who are so tight you need this
locked up in the hips from sitting too
much right now let's find a half
kneeling position curl it hips under
until we can feel our glutes and your
hammies and then we're going to reach
for five to each side and move with it
you're gonna feel a lot of solace here
[Music]
and this is preparing us for everything
we're gonna do for our workout going
into your last one and we're going to
switch I need to do this every morning
right starts the day off right
all right love it we're feeling good all
right so the way we're gonna start this
workout we have four sets we're gonna
perform each move
back-to-back with no rest in between and
we're gonna start with a bicycle crunch
we're gonna star in our backs eight reps
and on this bicycle crunch we're gonna
start towards the left eye one cross
body for you to have your left elbow
always touching the floor as you reach
the right elbow towards that mean
inhale and your way down exhale and use
your elbows as leverage so that you can
bring that elbow to that mean now let's
pick it up from there six
seven and let's move towards the other
side oh oh yeah I'm feeling that it's
almost hard to keep that an elbow down
and pressed into the floor right oh yeah
use it as leverage and one more and now
we're gonna get up and we have 30
seconds now did you have this
jump-roping if you have a jump rope at
home pick it up and let's move it 30
seconds and you can play around with it
if you want to whatever intensity you
want to add to your jump rope do so 30
seconds
I like adding that skip when I'm
modifying all right here don't get some
abs engaged and if you're at home and
you need some modifications just look at
what Anna's doing right here all right
let's move on to the second move of that
circuit we have dead bugs so if you've
never done a dead bug you're gonna start
on your back bring your legs up parallel
to the ground and we're gonna go
opposite leg opposite arm curl your hips
under so there's no space in between the
mat and your back bring that heel
towards the floor bring your bread up
and if you want to make this more
challenging start straightening your
legs bringing them out from the axis of
rotation we have about eight reps
halfway there keep at it and if you feel
like your back is coming off the mat
reset and just bring the heel down back
up in a modified version it's okay yeah
beautiful
now we're gonna stand and follow the
cardio portion of the program would have
jumping jacks for 30 seconds
breathe like that combo the abs are
fired up so I feel you are in every car
do live oh yeah stay right here you got
this
pace yourself if you need to we have
nine more seconds got it
breathe
hmm next bed we have spider-man's so
you're gonna start in a high plank and
if you look at Anna she's going to be
doing the modified version so I want you
to start shoulder-width apart
straighten your legs curl your hips
under so you can give me the ugliest
plank ever we're going to drive the
right knee towards the outside of that
elbow bring it back and switch we got
eight reps inhale as you find your plank
exhale us to find the spider-man
I know I know when the knee comes
forward it's like it's such good
strength for the shoulders you know I
hated you so much work just stabilized
well more beautiful back in our backs
straighten your legs as much as you can
you're gonna inhale the way down exhale
and try to touch your toes
thirty Seconds pace yourself this is
going to burn whoo I feel it already if
you want to bend oh my god you got you
wanna bend your legs slightly yeah and
as they get tired that does help right
six five four two we have a London
bridges ladies so I would like to start
in a forearm plank and let's let me take
you through some cues for this forearm
plank
I want your shoulder to be right
underneath your elbow and your elbow to
make a straight line towards your wrist
so we're not making a tripod we're gonna
keep the same distance between our
wrists once you find your body position
right over that shoulder and a straight
line we're gonna straighten our legs
curl our hips under and form a bridge so
you're gonna continue pushing away from
the floor with your forearms as you find
that bridge so that you're not
collapsing on your scapula that's three
reps for I know baby last one coming
right oh yeah now we have alternating
knee races you're ready we'll play let's
do it alternating knee raises
you can pace yourself by just bringing
that elbow to the opposite knee if you
need to but we're gonna stay right here
I like it I stay on the ball of my foot
so I can get my calves working - oh yeah
keep pushing we're almost there for that
water break
push now if you want to push with me
Kelly nice yeah nine eight seven six
five four three two oh that break oh
yeah you need to then huh
and now that you know all the moves
we're gonna take it a little bit faster
okay okay come on it Oh pray if you need
to in the same way so trust me I'm
feeling what you're feeling right now
you ready yeah bicycle crunches a rep
say now that you learn the form let's
actually switch from leg to leg okay
okay all right
ready let's go beautiful and one
and to and keep using that elbow that
stays on the ground at all times as
leverage to help you find that elbow to
that knee keep adding one more ladies up
to your jump rope you do it so imagine
adding a little weighted jump rope to
this later run yeah you're in the gym
right right maybe a run for 30 seconds
yep this is just good cuz you can do it
no matter what we have eight seconds
left breathe in through your nose out of
your mouth all right set bugs
all right nothing down for me okay so on
your back bring your legs parallel to
the floor yoga block between your legs
and let's move in if you feel like your
core is strong enough extend those legs
all the way towards the wall
hashtag goals I know let's fix it that's
seven and eight beautiful Oh
jumping jacks 30 seconds
and if you want to start start jumping
whoo you can hey now I know right that's
a good advanced move Dawkins right
people that could do that for 30 seconds
yeah not me right now but it's possibly
some of you 10 seconds left you know no
for you guys it's the next set that does
it for me since there's no cardio moves
it's all in the ABS spider mints once
you find that plank
keep pushing away from the floor with
the heels of your palms let's get it and
these get serious all right bring your
legs up ready 30 seconds
you can definitely pace yourself here if
you want right I feel like a lot of
times people really jack their neck here
sometimes so I would almost like say not
to come up this far right yeah and you
sit back keeping the tension on your
core yeah and relaxing your upper traps
so if you need to bend your knees yeah
to reach your toes like I'm doing go for
it
I'm not judging you okay next one London
bridges and I want to be clear what
we're working with your core we're
tossing turning contorting in different
ways so don't feel self-conscious if
your body looks a certain way right give
me the ugliest plank you can give them a
curl under and let's make those bridges
in 105 per side three that's four going
through the last one right now and five
ready for your alternating knee raises
all right all right let's go go
[Music]
oh yeah we're going to need a burn right
here there we go
keep at it ten seconds you got this oh
yeah breathe it up now that we're
feeling warm we have two more circuits
you're ready all right take it off we're
going to the bicycle crunches now are
you guys ready - okay at least bicycle
crunches you guys ready let's do it okay
[Music]
you remember you want to leave one foot
in one elbow crossbody always making
contact with the floor
[Music]
hitting one more all right oh right back
up into that jump rope you got this yeah
or if you want to stay right here you
can stay right here
switch it up imagine you're doing double
unders okay we have five more seconds
keep at it
[Music]
beautiful that box up and down up and
down that's right if you notice that
your back is starting to 12 your ribcage
it's starting to hyperextend then modify
it all right just bring that heel like I
said earlier closer to your butt here
yep one more beautiful
we got jumping jobs that's alright the
dead bug oh my god it's just such a good
stabilizing move yeah everybody should
be doing that move every day well it's
one of those basic movements yeah nobody
wants to do because it's so based yeah
but you need to master your base like so
good yeah I remember I was dead bugging
all day when I hurt my daughter
yeah more seconds keep at it
beautiful now to the evil circuit so the
evil set spider-mans followed by heel
touches all right
so on this plank make it as ugly as you
can and here you start doing a little
tilt forward when you're bringing that
knee to the elbow you should feel a lot
of obliques here oh yes
[Music]
more love it on your back
we don't sweat with sparkles glistening
over here okay 30 seconds and here you
never want to hold your breath fry your
body use this oxygen and convert it into
energy so try to find a good rhythm on
your breath yes cuz it's always like
when it gets harder you want to mold oh
that's when he needs the moment right
yeah no we have London bridges so we're
gonna start in our forms again have that
weight over that shoulder in a straight
line and remember to keep the same
distance on those wrists curl your hips
under he gave me that ugly plank yes cuz
ugly with good form is better than bad
for Suzanne like your back it's dipping
and you're not ready for these London
bridges then you can just simply hold a
forearm plank last one I think I did an
extra one whoo we get rewarded for extra
credit right let's go to alternating
high knee knee races gotta end up the
warmup
you guys should have pick up the pace on
the last set yes
what I'm doing in I'm holding myself
accountable gonna push past my comfort
zone
whoo keep at it we have 10 more seconds
5 4 3 2 Ariana's up his last set
okay I promise so now let's pick it up a
notch okay this is where you give me
everything you have Yunnan finish this
workout no when you couldn't give me a
little bit more okay we're rep all right
so we're gonna start with bicycle
crunches right you ready let's go lady
just yeah we're gonna thank me tomorrow
any thinking you might say one back up
[Music]
I've never able to do it don't look at
me doing it I inspire you got this three
more seconds stay out of it
beautiful Ready Set box 2.0 then jumping
jacks
[Music]
and trust me it only gets better from
here
this might be tough but I hope that you
know anytime you push him past your
comfort zone you're a step closer to
being stronger I want this to be your
warm up at some point and your fitness
journey every time I'm getting up now
I'm like oh I'm feeling it here we go
jumping jacks jumping jacks this is one
of those moves where so basic so
fundamental it works every month oh yeah
whoa poor leg I'm a filly Mike haha
Hey all right this evil circuit well I
keep seeing circuit set in a spider-man
followed by you're gonna touch your toes
okay okay so that ugly plank push away
from the heels of your palms ready are
out and what helps to is to try to put
your vision where that needs going I
know I'm really picking that knee up
even higher true let's go
whoa last Super said yes sir kid all
right way London Bridge is your love
alien love handle alien ants
we're gonna go a little bit faster now
I'm who right you ready all right we're
at home you want to keep at your pace
all right we go full beast mode okay go
Holdings Mon last 30 seconds you've done
it and you're probably gonna earn a nice
protein shake or maybe pasta drink
yourselves or something really lovely
right then we're continue to burn right
here ten more seconds if you want to
double those knees rub your water it's
time for the cool awesome you've earned
it yes the cool water is always
something I look forward to oh yes my
goodness all right
now for the cooldown if you've never
done a down dog
I'll get you through your cubes so we're
gonna start in a high plank push away
from the floor with the heels of your
palms curl your hips under and drive for
your sacrum to the ceiling from here all
you're gonna do is try to stretch your
calves by bringing the knee towards your
face and alternating especially after
this jumping jack
yeah and the high knees and calves
beautiful
we're gonna do this two more times
and then we're gonna go into cat cow cat
camo you know whichever turn morning you
write this right so you're getting all
fours we're gonna start inhaling bring
the belly button down take room up
exhale and continue to push away from
the floor with the heels of your palms
curl your hips under and exhale
on the inhale
feel how your apps are stretching yeah
will feel that even more tomorrow I'm
gonna exhale feel have your shoulders
and your upper back are doing some space
and getting loose
[Music]
[Music]
and from here we're just gonna uncurl
our toes and go into Child's
[Music]
thank yourself for with the work that
you've done you are a warrior you're not
a quitter
and it's been my pleasure to bring this
work out thank you so much
