hey guys I want to take a moment to let
you know about slow hop sugars new
fitness marketplace we've been
experimenting with a number of different
workout plans and programs to give you
even more class fit sugar in addition to
the massive library of free workouts we
have right here with more free episodes
on their way we're hoping shooting new
workouts
offering some of your favorite workouts
ad-free and we have more plans like 30
days to a flat belly program coming soon
including my favorite a 21-day beginners
program that will help you get back in
shape and change your life we also find
programs from some of our favorite
trainers like Katie Dunlop and body by
Simone and Kristin Apollo all those guys
so come visit us on glow to see what
we've been up to we are really excited
to keep the movement of platf it sugar
alive and one way we're doing that is by
asking people like you to pay for some
of the workouts that have kept us going
all these years and don't worry this
channel isn't going anywhere
we'll see you right back here next week
