hey Fitness friends I am so excited for
our first ever class fit sugar family
workout that your kids are gonna love
this episode of class fit sugar is
presented by Fitbit today I'm joined by
the Feng family and we're going to turn
on our Fitbit to get moving and track
all the fun so today we've got Charles
in the back we've got Christian here
gonna do some moves
maybe win some challenges because mercy
she's over here in purple looking
beautiful and then we've got mom mile in
on the side so today we are gonna get
started with a little warm-up grab your
family grab your friend and have fun
with us today
you guys ready to warm up okay let's
start with skips so everybody off the
mats and we're gonna skip around just to
warm up our legs to get our heart rates
up a little bit okay we're getting our
steps in right guys remember if you guys
don't have a lot of room at home you can
always skip in place right that
everybody has this big workout center
you could always be here skipping in
place maybe give each other a high-five
y'all right there good
give each other a high-five as you go by
good job all right
and bring it back to the middle
hopefully you're feeling warmed up we're
gonna start with our first fun activity
and that's the single legged hop okay so
we're gonna balance on one foot
and we're going to start to hop on that
one foot ready here we go
good you guys look awesome I love the
Fitbit eight to that these kids are
wearing because it makes activities fun
and rewarding kids can burn virtual
badges and trophies and compete in step
challenges right good switch legs the
other side
are you guys up for some friendly
challenges today good and relaxed so
today we're gonna have some friendly
competition we're gonna do some
challenges you're gonna earn a special
prize if you're the winner all right so
our first challenge is gonna be a
balance challenge we're gonna stand on
one foot and we're gonna hold that
position for 30 seconds the winner gets
to pick the family activity on Sunday
good so hold it there try not to let
your other foot touch up keep your foot
off there there you go you can't touch
anything with that other foot for the
whole 30 but you can you can move your
hand that's actually harder to do so if
you do hand maybe she get extra points
because she's moving other parts of her
body which makes it much harder good
mercy
that looks great Christian's got it two
extra points and switch legs
other leg we got to hold it for 30
seconds now are you guys both balance
equally on each side looks like it's
harder on that side huh because
sometimes it's harder on one leg versus
the other that is that side harder for
you look at this you guys have perfect
balance over here the whole family is
gonna win this challenge how about you
guys are you feeling it who's winning
good hold it there couple more seconds
get that foot off the floor there you go
oh and okay I think the winners back
here that all day you guys get to pick
the family activity what's your fancier
favorite family activity Christine
running oh that's awesome yeah you can
count your steps that's so good all
right now the next one we're gonna do is
our frog hop okay so we're gonna come on
to the mat because we're gonna go down
into a squat touching the floor and then
jump up towards the sky
ready go up and down so we're going up
and down touch the floor reach towards
the sky good look at how high you're
getting remember the Frog hops it makes
you get low and then it gets you off
those feet get you jumping towards the
sky
whoa child's go
crazy look at you mercy good job girl
awesome keep it going
couple more seconds here we're working
those legs we're getting strong good job
keep it going
frog hop it all over keep it going
almost there
that's it you've got it last two last
one up all right take a moment take a
moment what do we got for our heart rate
do you have a heart rate over there my
lid oh I'm at 122 113 137 157 that one
gets the heart rate spiking alright guys
now this next challenge we're gonna go
down into the squat hold so we're gonna
hold it in the squat position like we
were doing the frog jump and the winner
of this one is going to be considered
the squat starter so you guys are gonna
get that label of squat star if you can
hold it for the whole entire minute this
is not an easy challenge look at where's
knees just hanging out she doesn't even
know she's in a challenge squatting
right this is just one activity looking
at scabs or her freckles whatever you
can do right what are you doing over
here huh are you enjoying this one yes
are you guys enjoying this one this
one's not easy
hey get that get that down get that
sound good you gotta be considered the
squat star you gotta hold it
that's it with a big depth on that squat
is no joke look at you she's got the
perfect deep squat right there and come
on up everybody that was pretty awesome
I would have to say that everybody's a
winner on that one and so everyone gets
the squat star title today okay badge of
honor
alright now you guys will Scout
hopscotch does everybody know hopscotch
okay so hopscotch we're gonna try to go
one foot
and we're alternating let's go we're
gonna hopscotch all day long
hopscotch all day good job look at that
coordination now this is a tough one for
coordination but it's so fun
it gets you playing if you can draw out
some chalk to make it fun that's awesome
great but you can also use your mat or
your floor or just going one to two feet
three and one all right high fives high
fives all around people good job
you ready for your next challenge okay
let's come down onto the floor and this
is the plank challenge here we go let's
begin so without letting your knees
touch don't let your knees touch don't
let your belly touch get your butt up
good hold it there you guys look so
strong now the winner of this one it's
gonna get to pick what show they want to
watch on TV good job
hold it there you got it good and relax
everybody have you done that before no
that's the first time I'm so proud of
you but that is a hard move huh mom is
dripping sweat we are feeling good
we're gonna come back onto our feet
we're gonna go into some jumping jacks
you guys know jumping jacks right who
does the best jumping jacks in the
family we all have to be the judge of
that here we go let's go jumping jacks
arms up over the head
jumping off the balls of the feet
beautiful now this is just a 10 minute
workout right so it's great to add
before or after other activities and I
love this age to that these kids are
wearing because it really motivates them
to get their recommended 60 minutes of
daily activity each day because they can
set on one hour active minutes goal I
just love that come on guys you're
looking good almost there
keep breathing I want to hear that
breath and relax all right who's up for
another challenge yes yes everybody oh
the family
I love the Feng family these guys are so
much fun and they are working so hard
let me just get a quick heart rate check
on you how are we looking
how many steps you got there
142 110 110 I'm at 117 what do you got
steps oh yeah looking good
2,800 steps 3,200 steps all right here's
the challenge for you guys now we're
gonna be on the mats for this one and
it's called the roll up toe touch so
you're gonna be on your back you're
gonna roll back and touch the floor and
then you're gonna roll up to touch the
toes and we're gonna see how many you
can get in one minute now if you can't
roll all the way down or up you're gonna
do what my Linh is doing and she's
sitting here she's gonna reach back
touch the knees and alternate sides okay
going back and forth like that okay
everybody on your back and go reach up
touch those toes all the way back touch
the floor and back up good job you guys
this one is not easy
keep working hard here roll it all the
way up you're working on the core
muscles of your body sit-ups yes it's
harder than a regular sit-up you guys
are doing the extreme sit up here and
you're getting all the way to your toes
do you feel that stretch in your legs
good job looking good almost there you
guys keeping count what number yawn
right now
how many 15 15 Ricky how many of you
have okay you can you can count next
time we do it keep going let's see how
many you got Charles 23 Oh looks like
dad's gonna win guess what he wins if he
gets the most guys gotta hurry up right
now I'm at 30 Oh 30 I don't know how'd
you go from 15 to 30 time oh okay 20 to
30 so what's your total right now 35
what do you got Oh a mercy live count
well it looks like Christian won that
means he gets to stay up 50 minutes peck
peck
well I can't do mercy oh you do you were
doing as vide as her and you can cheat
it on 135 - Wow so you both could just
stay up 15 minutes past that time okay
what a team
all right here let's come back up onto
our feet we're gonna do our last
challenge and that's the sprawl and the
winner who gets the most sprawl in one
minute gets to pick what's for dinner
tonight so you guys you want to do all
your best to win this one you ready
we're gonna come to the floor we're
gonna jump out jump in and jump up let's
go get it going you got one minute make
sure you're counting are you counting
there you go Chris
[Music]
you got it we're almost there you guys
got 15 more seconds you can do it eight
keep county and keep county
what do you got 22 good and time 23
honey 3 how many get 40 high five how
many get 19 and a half
oh great job you guys
so it sounds like you're the winner
what's your favorite meal right rice Wow
I like this kid he is the healthy one
sushi even better love it sushi for
these guys you guys but thanks annually
give him a high five we hope that you
enjoyed this workout with some friends
some family members let us know what
your favorite exercise was and who won
the challenge is awesome everybody good
job good job
mercy you did so good
[Music]
