get ready to burn major calories with
Eliza Shirazi creator and founder of
kick it by Eliza thanks Anna I'm so
excited to kick it with you all today
we're going to be doing ten rounds a
bunch of modifications are available so
all levels are welcome and no equipment
is necessary you ready to kick it do it
all right kick it crew we're gonna start
round one with some big inhales and
exhales take a deep breath up to the top
big stretch exhale let it go let's do
that again big inhale reach all the way
up to the top exhale one more time B
dress up to the top exhale shoulder
rolls we loosen it up let's take it to
the front right here four four three two
alternating arms so you're just taking a
big stretch waking up that body yeah we
keep it here for four more counts how we
doin ladies love it three two backs your
shoulder rolls so just drop back open up
that chest that's it four four four
three Center swats we take it slow drop
and press
driving through those heels powering up
you got it four more in four angry yeah
in two ready Nordic it ok alternating
right and left here we go kick right and
left now kick it at home remember your
kicks can stay low it's just about your
power flexing those feet / 4 / 3
shoulder rolls to the back here we go
roll nice we keep it here a little more
great - to the front let's roll 8 7
that's it keep it up per floor three
alternate your arms right here we pick
it up and up
now release those heels so you can get a
bigger stretch oh good
eight more counts per eight yeah seven
six five you ladies ready to kick it
again laughs can you go three push right
and left awesome keep it up we got four
more counts and then we move onto this
in four three two shoulder rolls here we
go roll take it to the front let's go
roll take you to the back let's go last
time to the front blue very low jump
press jump and press now you should be
able to wiggle those toes and your
sneakers you're sitting all the way back
in those heels rope booties feeling it
keep it up for 4 for 3 4 2 let's reach
those arms right here reach that's it
we got our final board counts right here
in for ingress we got - let's take
inhales and exhales in exhale inhale
exhale two more exhale one more let's
take those shoulder rolls to the back
roll it up feel a nice and warm oh yeah
give it up for four three two to the
front we roll
all right ladies we're gonna go for
front kicks again love it ohh in three
two one and stay up we keep working into
round two ticket crews that's it I like
how this feels in the ABS - I'm like
yeah
abs are getting right back the Lord
you're gonna feel it burn for burn three
inhales exhales here we go in exhale
again press exhale that's it bend those
knees press it up one more time here we
go and shake it out come on round two
we're gonna focus lower body all
low-impact let's just practice our squat
we lower down slowly chest is lifted we
press up Shh exhale we're gonna take a
little quicker down and press inhale
exhale drop press drop
we're gonna hang out for four more
counts in four in three two more we got
curtsy lunges so take a look it's back
center back Center
good taking that back knee to hover the
ground drop Center that's it
keep it up feeling in that tush yeah my
legs are already feeling it and prided
yep final four counts right here kick
your crew keep it up for three we got
two single squats take it slow drop rest
now remember that breath inhale exhale
eight seven six
we got it five four three
we got two let's put it all together
we're gonna start with this leg back
Center jump this way that's it
jump again and press Oh
focus on that lace jump two more nice
work we got one more
whoa it's burning uh-huh now we're gonna
stab her on this take a look we take it
down / - press drops root to breath oh
yeah channel the damper - one more time
here we go chop curtsy lunge this leg
let's go and switch you catch that
breath
there is no given the leg the break
right now huh
we got four more you got Anna movie -
lets go for our combo can we take that
curtsy lunge
Center squat and quits let's go whoa Oh
and breast jaw now round two is no joke
Eliza how'd you have low impact but it's
gonna get ya yeah we got four breasts
we got three hopefully you're smiling at
home one more right here
oh now let's hold with those staggered
squats here we go
drop
and press drop and press again Hey one
more time here we go curtsy lunges throw
leg which shoulders down and back
now if you're feeling fatigued which you
probably are I want you to think about
those shoulders rolling back long spine
we got four more counts come on boy
three yeah we got two let's go for our
combination here we go
side hold it drums switch side that's it
let's go kick crew drop Center okay
start to really own it come on two more
sets drop we got one more here we go oh
we go for staggers right here drop and
that little extra love it last one here
we go
curtsy lunges only we start with this
leg back
[Music]
drop and licks Final Four we got three
two combination here we go kinky crews
boy pull drop lips that's it keep it up
use that breath
we're with you you make it through round
two you are a part of the kicking oh you
gotta be feeling it
let's go through one more right here we
take our stagger squats you drop down
down whoa oh one more and we take a jump
rope how you doing oh those legs hello
all right round three are posh cardio
round we start left foot front right
foot back hands come up jaw them down
like bending your knees let's just start
with our jab so that arm is coming out
you're relaxing those shoulders but
you're also tucking your chin light
bending your knees get up eight seven we
work for three adding on you have jab
uppercut jab uppercut scooping under
rotate that back heel yep
here's your first combo Kiki crew jab up
jab one squat jab up jab chop jab up jab
jump babe jab up drop are they a strong
core guide you here jab up Deb that's it
jab up tap one more jab up jab we take a
jump rope to throw right foot front left
foot back hands come up jot down we
start with our jab press now you're
pulling that hand right back into your
face yep press snatch it back keep it up
eight we're counting am
Emily we add our uppercut right here jab
uppercut
now don't forget to release that back
heel up so good up ready for that little
combo here we go
jab up jab Jo that's it
jump jab up jab one more jab up jab jump
rope it's just a March right here no no
impact roll those shoulders back so
we're gonna throw junk jacks and it's
gonna show you modified version got you
back we're gonna go full jacks just
right here press now we're gonna do two
jumping jacks two knees
you got up for to me for two up / - me
for - that's it kick it crew pull whoo
keep it up let's go
press em pull so good press and pull
again press we got one more right here
alright take a look at where we're going
we're gonna take a cross hold cross
cross now make sure you rotate those
feet cross it's like a lunge that's it
for more keep it up you got 4 3 2
reverse lunges here we go back take your
time back final - bring it back final
one here we go
bring it back to Center jump rope -
jumping jacks - knees here we go whoo
3 Jim let's go up and poke yep now add
your own intensity to it that's it maybe
you're taking that modified version with
Anna you're still working just as hard
yeah push come on pick it up
final two let's go right final one
all right Kiki crew we take it over to
the left cross hold press yeah keep it
up press press so good
one more times whoo let's go more legs
are burning yeah to drivers line just
take your time right leg slow back and
hold two more keep it up
back one more back we hit plank position
set it up
modified version you can drop your knees
we go for push-up three two one drop
breath drop breaths how you doin lady
whoa drop press drop one morning that we
break here we go jump and press oh all
right so again we're gonna get a drink
so good news Java and I make it always
around five so good my arms needed to
get in the mix you guys man my legs
we'll get ready for some time yeah yeah
we have all arms through this round so
let's set ourselves up around five arms
come up relax your shoulders
light bending your knees the challenge
of this round is to keep your arms up
the entire time yeah we're gonna throw
just a pulse whoa keep it up just pulse
now remember you're fighting your own
bodyweight here so do your best to keep
up with yourself do your best to finish
come on post post ho ho that's it four
three two we take a tap bet
so the trickier kicky crew is to keep
your elbows up yeah I was just gonna say
that like it's harder the easier version
is if you drop your arms down just a
little bit harder version keep your
elbows right feeling that why did I'm
Benna yeah you're gonna I know right I
asked for it really worked for eight
seven six five four three two let's hold
it out pump that's it now kick it crew
if your lower back starts to hurt you
can always step one foot behind to
release that tension we're gonna find a
quicker pulse you have three two one
three two one notice how when you flip
your palms you get a little bit harder
whoo we work for four oh my goodness
silent killer here and let's hold it
palms up just tap tap okay we've got
eight more counts how we doing yeah keep
it up for to take a look we bring it
down press yes oh my goodness it burns
now remember this is your active
recovery so make sure you're breathing
drop one more hold it let pulse whoa oh
girl whoa four three we hit that quick
combo right here three two one three two
one we're with you kick a group call
keep it up
seven six five four what are you
fighting for today come on we bring it
up and down just a little bit of release
here oh my gosh without hyperextending
beeping four four four three
you're laying there baby to tricep dips
here we go we take it down press that
shoulders are gonna thank you tomorrow
either or sure eight we got five work
footboard
[Music]
we bring it down shoulder taps oh my
goodness keep it up come on this is
where you're gonna fight yourself here
you do come you know you can do it
self-taught going right now and I leave
in three two one three two one yes four
more counts we got four to weave in his
tricep dips oh my gosh seven six five
four three two all right you ready for
round yellow all right so modified
version you can drop your knees and take
shoulder taps right here which still
will hurt because of what we just did
yeah Emily and I are gonna take it side
taps right here
final eight count seven six five four
three two pick it up to the top we jump
rope shake it up shake it off
we got a side kick and attack it looks
like this size tap now your tap doesn't
have to be big just a little press
side-side-side that's it
modified version for our combo side tap
four three two one side tap em you ready
ready your advanced version you drop
side jump two more let's go cool guys
yeah one more guys lets me in in that
March March it out restart next leg side
jump side yes
flexo speak
we got four more and then we're gonna
start the modified version three
- all right let's go to that modified
version top marked it out whoa all right
am you ready I'm ready
here you go Kirby if you want it one
more egg guys we got something that's
called pattycake and kick it I'm going
to show you what it looks like we throw
it a low squat down down clap clap one
two one two keep it up now we take
kickboxing
[Music]
[Applause]
one more take a look side then we press
front back now that's a really small
Bend press side again
two more keep it up one more here we go
plank position we hold it here one long
line modified version you can drop in
here and I are gonna go side taps and
you can take those shoulder taps oh yeah
eight seven six five four three
patty-cake here we go boom one two one
two keep it up come on
so thanks now the goal is to drop your
seat
just a little bit more oh baby oh jeez
look at this one hold it here side
little Beggs side now keikaku remember
these low-impact moves require power
doesn't matter how high you're kicking
it's about your power press push again
press to work your blue side press one
more plank position
three two one here we go
who's that breath seven-six
we got four how do you kick up to the
top whoa
I swear my hair gets bigger yeah your
kid like two sidekicks here we go okay
again whoa these kick slow if you want
that's it
side so good again four more counts
push three more here we sack whoo two
more
push one more lap time
plank position this event side tap let's
go eight more counts
eight seven how we do banana do an
awesome four three
patty-cakes let's go yep we got four
[Music]
breasts
that's it good side is so much tighter
for me I know
four more we have four yep
Brett we have three breasts rehab to
last one oh yeah pattycake can finish it
up Kiki crew come on press press press
no good yep shake it off her oh man
we're starting to lose it yo rally party
around front kick hand up tick tick yep
that's it flex your feet as you bring
those legs out
all right TV crew - kicks - jumping
jacks and we'll modify will do pull up
to that fit kick press tick so good tick
jump rope right here reshuffle three two
one switch yep option one three two one
push for two counts three two one
advance done here we go three two one
one more time yep all right and we
breathe guys oh my god you guys are
thank you my dear take a crew at home I
hope you're feeling good oh yeah
all right get get grew we have our maps
yep we are going to start with some
glute work but remember that when we're
working our glutes in this we're really
firing our core is loans full body so
just keep that in mind find a
comfortable spot maybe you have a mat as
well we're gonna start in tabletop
position nice neutral spine here knees
are about hip-width apart and your
shoulders are lining up with those risks
we're gonna begin with what I call fire
hydrant
you're gonna flex your feet right here
we take it up then we switch legs press
and down flexing your feet here to
activate just a little bit more you
press and down press and down that's a
kicky crew come on keep it up we got
four more to go
in four three we got two last one now
just take a look you're gonna reach up
press up same leg up press you want to
point your toes on this one up press up
last time whoo this is top six legs your
ego same thing up press again here we go
that's it two more
whew yep one more all right Kiki crew
back to those high dreams we start press
Center yep flexing those feet now if
you're dropping your neck this is really
common I want you to pick your head back
up
neutral spine we're gonna end with a
quicker combo it's gonna work like this
up down press up down press up down
press up down press for more
three more two more Child's Pose boo how
we doing so good those are like small
moves that do not know much sometimes
with small movements turn out to be the
hardest ones but we've made it into
round ten so I want you guys to take
that neutral spine one more time
just stretch it out here rolling one
wrist and rolling the other wrist you
ladies ready cooldown yeah baby let's
take it back to Child's Pose whoo reach
those fingertips far front then we're
gonna take our back arm to thread the
needle so you're gonna just bring that
back arm underneath now notice where
your top hand is can you work that top
hand diagonally over towards the other
side of your mat whoa that's big stretch
that gets right behind the shoulder
weird I really want someone to massage
all the time yep and then let's slowly
bring it back to Center and then you're
gonna take your other hand spread it
under sitting all the way back in those
heels
working that hand in that opposite
direction
[Music]
maybe you can smell how much you've
worked you can I was just gonna say I
know I got a workout in let's bring it
back to tabletop position
neutral spine we're gonna kick back into
plank we're gonna help this transition
us into down dog so I want you to pedal
your legs out one knee bends or any
other feels awesome
and since we've worked our bodies hard
today we're gonna walk our feet up to
our hands let's take ragdoll opposite
hands to elbows no kick it crew my
hamstrings are always super tight so
feel free to bend your knees so your
belly can rest on your thighs just drop
your neck here don't worry about how
straight those legs are just focus on
how good this feels and more of a
resting restorative way and then release
your grip you're gonna slowly roll it up
take your time your head should be the
last thing inhale arms reach exhale swan
dive forward touch your toes now tiptoe
your feet to the top steer mat take a
seat and roll it back hug your right
knee into your chest we're gonna go for
a spinal twist so just be mindful if
your lower back is a little tender I
want you to take your time you're gonna
release your arm let your left arm or
hand rather grab that right knee and you
can just bring it over your body for a
twist here looking over your opposite
shoulder might feel good and then we
bring it back to Center
and we switch legs whew I could stay
here all day yes we can do but it's so
good to have this cool down afterwards
just for recovery yeah so often people
will skip out on recovery or cooldowns
this is the best part of the workout
let's hug both knees into Center before
we fully rest come up into a little ball
that might feel good hugging your self
and then legs go long to relax on the
ground palms face up you take a long
inhale through your nose long exhale Shh
now roll your shoulders down and back
and let your feet fall apart to open up
your hips and as you rest here I just
want you to keep in mind that if you're
still feeling wound up or maybe a little
anxious this is a time to challenge
yourselves in a different way the other
rounds in class are about the
physicality how hard you're working how
hard you're pushing but the challenge in
this last round it's doing a little bit
more work inward so you don't have to
corner yourself into meditating or being
Zen but just allow yourselves to fully
relax to fully unwind give yourself some
space
let's take one big inhale all together
one big exhale we wiggle those toes and
those fingers and you hug your knees
back into your chest curl yourselves
back up into that little ball and then I
want you to either take fetal position
or you can rock and roll a couple of
times and we're gonna come into a seated
cross-legged position here hands on your
knees we're gonna take one inhale all
together arms reach up to the top and we
feel it at the bottom use the heart
center Shh and let it go thank you so
much for tuning in kick it crew at home
thank you Anna
thank you Oh awesome work today kick it
crew hope to see you soon
you
