hey beautiful people it's Dasia and
today we're gonna torch calories with
this 30-minute high-intensity dance
workout this episode of dance fit sugar
is presented by Samsung Galaxy watch
active today I have Samsung the well
advisor
Emily 10 demonstrating advanced moves
with me and Christina will be showing us
the modified options
we're starting our work out on our
Samsung Galaxy watch actives to track
our calories and our heart rate let's
get set here girls
I'm excited all right you guys ready
yeah let's do this we start with a nice
big chest opener his finger tips out to
the side
and release the fingers and can track
the chest stretch out the back one more
time just like that big deep inhale
exhale stretch it out one more time
side body stretch five six seven eight
good up over to the other side
one more time just like that we have
some leg stretches coming up stepping
the left foot back five six seven eight
step it back press the hips forward now
bring the knee into the chest give it a
nice tight squeeze roll the ankle out
other side here we go
[Music]
bring the knee into the chest now bring
that same heel into the buttocks and
stretch out the quad here we go
arm all the way up other side nice work
torso twist three two one
you exercise for the joy of feeling good
and getting stronger and the holiday
season brings us all so much warmth and
joy so let's bring some of that joy to
our bodies by stretching getting warmed
up and then dancing it out roll down
roll up three two one here we go roll it
down roll up again four three two one up
two more just like that
last one great job ladies addict or such
side to side now this workout is
designed to help you burn its ton of
calories but it's also so important to
meet consistently and burn calories
throughout your day I read that
consistency is more important than
duration when you're working out so I
really love that the galaxy wife active
reminds me to you I like to add a few
extra squats and other yoga postures
when I get that thumb get to the other
side definitely all those consistent
movements throughout the day really do
add up and shake it out nice work ladies
all right we started a bit differently
today with a stretch and with the new
year coming up I've made it a goal to
mix up my workout routine I've also been
adding different exercises like running
cycling and swimming and I love that the
galaxy watch active can auto track seven
different workouts I love that too so
even though I'm mainly a yogi I've been
focusing on doing a little cardio and
tracking my heart rate as well I'm not
the fastest runner but I can at least
track my effort via my heart rate so to
me that's more important than how far I
go or how fast I run I just want to get
up to 120 beats per minute
throughout half an hour and I know that
I'll be a better runner any better at
cardio as long as they keep up with it
and you'll definitely get your heart
rate up today are you guys ready let's
do it
we're ending up on the very first dance
move we're gonna start out slow and then
speed it up we roll it in Pump It here
we go five six seven eight to the left
two pumps other side here we go just
like that
[Music]
let's speed it up five six seven eight
roll two pumps
this one's a little funky I love it
we're gonna add a little jump into the
next move so we jump forward and back we
start slow five six seven eight jump
front we shake it out good we jump back
and check it out nice ladies one more
time slow jump it up jump in dag all
right now we put those two together so
we roll it we pump it twice we roll it
Pump it twice we jump front and shake it
out jump back and shake it out here we
go
jump it up jump back slide to the side
roll it out two pumps that's it keep it
going I'm getting warm
all right now we just jump front and
jump back and we take it around the
world turn to the side to the back here
we go other side shake it however you
want to it's not about how it looks it's
about how it feels I love that yeah
which direction here we go you girls
like get in it I love it back to the
front
combo last time slide it to the side
here we go up and back and we're done
nice job ladies so good all right are
you guys ready for some new dance dads
we start with two steps up two steps to
the side two steps back jump out in it
so it goes up up out out back back jump
out and in let's try it two more times
just like that
good now we're gonna slow it down and
add the arms
so first run out out step it back back
back arms go all the way up clap to the
top slow that back back one more time
just like that keep the tempo up step it
out step out step it back can we speed
that up two more nice work alright new
step on the way so we stop say to the
side we do two twists jumps now we
boogie it down down bring it all the way
around other side drop they out two
twists jumps boogie down and the other
direction keep it that slow let's keep
it going ladies
[Music]
are you guys ready to speed it up let's
go I think we can do it five six seven
[Music]
keep it going last you know one more set
let's go feeling those obliques even
with these twists so yeah that's it
alright guys shake it out
I think it's time to put both of those
steps together go you ready let's try it
nice and slow so two steps up arms up
six seven eight up up now out step it
back back back
now we shot say it to the side to twist
jumps we'll get out
nice work now we start with the opposite
foot arms still go up up out out this is
gonna bring you back to the same side
same place you were shot say it out
twist off but get out speed it up in
five six seven eight goes out
buggy down other side here we go let's
go brainpower
we all got it I'm not
[Music]
and shake it out oh I think you guys
earned a water break what do you think
DJ turn up those holiday tunes whoo
today we have a DJ for our workout when
I'm working out at home I love that the
Galaxy watch active can play music
directly from my watch so awesome you
know what ladies let's check our heart
rate
oh my gosh it's at my favorite number
111 I love that mine's out 120 already I
got 125 oh yeah I love that calories at
a match 66
I'm at 59 calories burned I'm at 66 -
exactly the same way and we're back we
start with 2 steps on the diagonal
taking our feet out then we jump our
feet out in out and in yeah let's try to
take it to the tempo so it goes diagonal
diagonal out in out in step step out in
out in one more just like that now we're
gonna slow it down we add the arms out
on the diagonal bring it in again out
and bring it in now the arms go out to
the side we cross them in front of us we
take them out one more time and then we
bring it down can we try that slow here
it goes out it out jump it out now bring
it off together ohh
out last time slow you guys ready to
speed it up let's go I know you can do
it at home here we go
[Music]
it's time to take those heart rates just
a little bit higher push for a little
bit more for more times like that here
we go last you we got a new step coming
up here we go
grapevine groove so we go step back and
back and back three rocks again to the
other side step back and back back three
rocks let's keep it slow just like that
we go step back back back rock it out
just like that against that I think it's
time to turn it up guys
here we go five six seven eight back
back back rock it out there we go
and you don't even have to move that
much you can kind of keep it underneath
yourself and just rock right here that's
it one more three more last two and then
we're gonna put it all together slow
slow it down out together step back Rock
yeah
I'll spell with the other foot slow and
in jump out cross out together step it
back little grapevine groove there I
think we're ready to take it higher
ladies double time here we go Oh
out jump out getting out together
grapevine groove and rock it out you got
it we're dancing now Medusa oh yeah keep
moving down buddy that's what it's all
about
two more
[Music]
now just prove it out freestyle meet you
have some fun with it
four eight seven six five four three two
one let it nice work ladies all right
it's time to pump that heart rate all
the way up
start with marches in place and punch it
down just like that and if you ever need
to just come right back here double up
here we go twice oh yeah you're gonna
feel the cardio on this one one more
[Music]
let's kick it out and punch the sky
single legs up up now right here there's
no jump but your stuff is gonna feel a
little out of breath I'm already feeling
it keep those kicks nice and low double
it up add that little jump here we go
so now we have two knees to kicks
three-to-one it goes down down and kick
kick that's it down down have fun with
it
one more times you're rockin now last
two last one
step it out in place a little recovery
oh thank you yeah ladies you guys are
doing such a great job you guys know
we're not done yet
no hands on the hips
let's jump out on the diagonal here it
goes stay with me
four three it's time to add the arm
straight down into the three two one
here goes what I love that coordination
yeah if you guys can take it low you can
definitely take it a little higher arms
up two down two up here we go
keep smiling cute jumping I got a little
something for your brain down up up down
with the arms keep moving the feet and
up and down down up up down you got it
down up down blacks out of our cardio
part doing these two kicks here we go
that's it oh yeah we're all up there
ladies 20 seconds of work left I know
you can do it feeling it three two one
step it out right here
you guys killed it it's time for another
heart rate check should be pretty high
right now oh yeah we're yeah cuz see
that I'm at 120 oh I'm at 125 127 yeah
nice work let's take another little
water break right here I'm gonna need it
you're gonna need it
take advantage of that let's get a
little calorie count in here
how about you Christina where your
calories out at 81 calories Asia that's
awesome
I'm about the same I'm at 84 okay got
you a 79 Wow awesome job ladies
let's get back in the game all right
guys and this is our AB section so we're
following up our fists and just twisting
the body trying to meet the opposite
elbow to the opposite knee keep that
core nice and tight engage those ABS and
twist the body you can flex those arm
muscles here four three two and one now
we're going to extend the leg we take it
half time we reach for the toes try to
keep your balance here we're still
punching the ABS lifting the leg nice
work eight more I like better test your
balance especially when you've been
moving around all that time lack three
last two and last one all right we're
gonna position ourselves in a plank so
we'll turn to the side here step your
feet back Kristina you're gonna go into
a nice tabletop position
beautiful now we're pulling the knee
into the elbow so we pull it in nice and
tight keep it going
[Music]
try not to make a mountain with those
hips
so pick those hips and the flat line
with the bag
[Music]
now we step the foot in step it back now
we step into the other foot and spread
it off to step up step back step it in
separate our oh yeah it's a full body
workout here only three more I know you
can do it
[Music]
last one stay strong and out out come on
down to the new year's go ahead and turn
over on your back we're gonna extend one
leg out nice and long floated above the
ground bend the other knee and start to
reach for the heal eight seven six five
four three two switch legs
eight seven six five four three two one
more set
[Music]
other side
[Music]
and then let the arms just lay out flat
before we get back up and dance one more
time pull the knees into the chest
take some tiny rocks and then we'll rock
up to our feet and three and two and one
rock all the way up make your way to
your feet we got one more set of
choreography you guys ready for this oh
I'm so ready oh I'm ready for it too
we start this dance with two tops on the
left two tops on the right then we
single it out two steps we jump the feet
out and in we're gonna go ahead and go
full pace here because not the ending
speed that we're gonna arrive here so
sorry six seven eight you tap it out
single it out jump out and in just that
much just like that here we go five six
seven eight tap it out step step out in
beautiful the next step is gonna be a
pivot you're gonna turn to the back
and I give me three quick hips and then
we boogie it down to the front yeah
let's take that nice and slow five six
seven eight we step forward we pivot
three-hit shakes boogie down all the way
around to the Sun seven eight can we try
that full tempo let's go here we go
five six seven eight pivot one two three
shimmy it down to the front I think you
guys got that yeah let's check that
second piece on to the first piece five
six tap it out with the left six seven
eight we tap it
two steps jump it out in in pin a turn
three hip shakes boogie down to the
front again from the top top it out
step step jump it out and in give it
three shakes boogie down one more time
like that whoo go nice work ladies
all right the next step is gonna look
really familiar so remember when we step
twice to the front our arms went up then
we stepped out to the side we step back
we jump out and bring it up to a o'clock
we're gonna add that on okay here we go
ready for the challenge five six five
six top it out to the left tap tap step
step hip it turn three shakes boogie
down now step it to the front arms up oh
oh
clap it all together nice work I'm gonna
write it just like that
let's go five six seven eight
[Music]
nice work alright guys so you remember
this part
it's our grapevine groove so we step out
to the side we step it back and back and
back then we rock it out three times one
two three we take the other step Shaw
saying to the side to twist jump spring
that brings us back in place and then we
boogie it down all the way around full
circle let's try to hit it six seven
eight step back and back and back rock
it out chasse to the side to twist jump
take it all the way around six seven
again
grapevine groove three rocks shot say
back to place book it all the way around
one more time just like that step back
and back in back three rocks chasse two
touchdowns
take it down down down down all right
here's the big finish we take it all the
way around tornado the hips all the way
around the circle three times bring it
down the body and then we swing it to
one side throw it to another oh yeah can
we do that let's do it let's try the
whole thing together nice and slow top
it out
five six seven eight top top single it
out here two singles jump it out in in
out hip you turn to the back three
shakes one two three now we boogie down
half turn
good job arms go up to the sky we step
two to the front not take side side back
back we clap it up grapevine groove all
the way step back
back and back rock it out one two three
shots a to the side we take it out to
twist jumps take it around in a circle
big finish with those hips around around
around around we swing it to one side we
throw it to another let's put it all
together from the top a little faster
here we go top it out single it out dump
it out dump it in pimp it three hip
shakes booked you down to the front arms
go up step it up step it out step it
back all the way pull it together
grapevine grew three rocks shot thanks
to the side twist jump boogie down to
the front big hit around around around
throw it you've got it Hey all right
guys now it's time to turn it all the
way up now that we know all this house
it's the grand finale all right guys get
yourself in the groove find that rhythm
cause it's a little bit faster I do
you're ready Christina so ready are you
ready I know you're ready at home here
we go five six seven eight tub it up
[Music]
take it shake it up step it up here we
go
[Music]
[Music]
all right you're gonna oversee those
probably a little high we got a few more
times to work it out I love a good
challenge all right let's get ready for
another go at it let's get it ladies 5 6
5 6 7 8 top it out
oh that one felt good it fell a lot
better than the first time yeah I think
we can get it again five cigarettes a
Vinick
[Music]
now we're just dancing we're home free
so put your own groove on it and keep
moving that body I just groove in the
middle a little freestyle never hurt
anybody I think we can hit it again here
we go let's five six seventy totally
doing this workout during the holidays
oh yeah we got to get it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all right it's a big grand finale this
is the last chance you get to dance come
on do it five six seven eight
[Music]
[Music]
I want to do it one more time whoa
looking good ladies
[Music]
all right now you get to freestyle for
eight seven six five you got four three
two one
great job ladies let's get one more
heart rate and calorie my heart rates
about 125 my heart rates about 128
awesome Emily and I'm up at 140 I love
that my calories are at 214 that's
awesome I have 201 so good I'm got 210
way to go ladies all right let's cool it
down take those feet nice and wide and
open up that chest fingertips stretch
why just like we did in the beginning
take a big deep breath contract and
stretch the back interlace those fingers
and press them forward
[Music]
yes it's such an amazing job you too do
you think you're leading us yes of
course
shake it out take the arms all the way
up
[Music]
again bring them all the way up soft
bend in the knees
[Music]
let's stretch over stretch our side body
one last time
[Music]
I love this music make me a little
sleepy meet you
I get such great sleep during the
holidays and whenever I can I sleep with
my watch on so I can measure my sleep
over the course of the week I'm also a
fan of tracking my sleep and seeing my
patterns over time so I've noticed that
on Tuesdays I get the worst line of
sleep so I've been trying to wind down a
little earlier on Tuesdays it's really
interesting Emily that's kind of the
same thing for me too but Fridays or my
hardest nights to get to sleep so I've
been really trying to practice some
breathing exercises to help me you know
speaking of breathing exercises let's
start our breathing sequence let's take
those arms all the way up
leave the fingertips at the top deep
breath in grow an inch taller and exhale
soften the knees fingertips meet at the
bottom just keep repeating that
[Music]
I love the breath feature on the Galaxy
watch active it reminds me to be mindful
and checking when things are hectic
just a quick one-minute break can do
wonders the helps slow us down and get
back in the present I love that when my
mind is clear I find that I truly get to
enjoy the holiday season so let your
mind body and soul go on a beautiful
vacation this season by adding in some
breathing exercises to your stretch time
or after an intense workout just like
this you know what we want to wish you
all and all of your loved ones a very
happy holiday season and a prosperous
new year great job guys
thanks so much both awesome
[Music]
