are you ready to challenge yourself
today I have a high-intensity workout
and you don't need any equipment let's
get ready to smile sweat and strengthen
this sweat tea session is presented by
yogi all right my friends this is my
friend Dani she's gonna be taking you
through the modified and this is my
friend Rachel and she's gonna be rocking
it out with me are you guys ready to
feel the burn yeah yeah all right let me
get in a warm up let's begin in just a
simple squat feet are hip-width apart
and going down and up so check in with
your form because we do quite a few
squats here in jump squats and I want to
make sure that you're well taken care of
your chest is up you go back into your
heels loosen up those toes and stick
your booty out like you're trying to
show it off abs in come on up you got it
now let's add a calf raise at the top
you go down come up onto your toes and
then drop back down and what we're doing
here is we're loosening up those calves
waking up those ankles because we're
gonna do jumps we want to make sure
those are nice and loose you have about
ten seconds left
down and up connecting to your breath
I'm very excited for today give me one
more and then come on up let's take your
legs wider than your hips we're gonna go
for a side lunge slide reach down and
then go to the other side so notice that
my opposite hand is reaching towards my
toes I'm sitting back just like I did in
the squat and I'm keeping my chest up
now if you can't reach her your toes
reaching for your knee is totally fine
remember we've got you covered in this
routine I want you to always know that
you can follow Dani you're never gonna
beat yourself up right because the fact
that you're moving the fact that you're
here is enough all right here we go one
more each side and bring your hands to
the floor step back into a plank
position for me so shoulders right over
your wrists I want you to step your
right leg out outside of the hand open
that chest up nice final twist feel it
hip stretch bring that hand down step it
back and alternate open it up
feels good it's a constant reminder for
me when I start working out to connect
in with my breath and step it back keep
your booty low for me so you get that
nice stretch I want you to do one more
each side
last one and from here this is gonna
take us into a downward dog hands to the
floor sit your booty up and back and
stretch now really push that floor away
and I want you to pedal your knees so
bend one and then alternate getting that
extra calf stretch for me pull your abs
in be aware of those pedal to the metal
go ahead give me one more each leg and
then both heels down bend your knees
walk yourself back roll yourself up and
let's start to kick your butt like
surprised now if you can't start running
in place I want to wake up your arms a
little bit more so let's just start
shaking out those hands now I want you
to flex your feet you are literally my
friends kicking your butt all right then
from here take your arms forward and
pull them back as you're doing this move
and you can alternate the hand that goes
on top feel that nice stretch through
that chest are your abs pulled in I hope
so I got it I want you to continue with
your legs like this but your arms go up
and pull down yep waking up the back and
the shoulders woo that heart rate is
starting to go up you'll thank me that
you're doing this before we begin
because it's a nice preface for what
we're about to do in five four three two
one all right let's begin all right so
from here we are gonna begin this
routine coming into a lunge position
you're gonna take your right leg forward
make sure that knee is right over the
ankle your opposite arm your left arm
comes down with your right arm up you're
gonna come up kick the leg up twist
towards it and step back into that low
ready go twist and down twist now keep
going for me I'm gonna come back to my
friend Rachel over here now notice that
she's keeping her chest up she sits way
back into that right heel now if you
know that that does not work for you
right you can't get that low I want you
to make the range of motion smaller you
don't have to touch the floor you can
reach to the knee and you don't even
have to kick the leg forward okay you
can keep the leg bent try to get that
twist through the torso here whoa
feeling strong everybody when my heart
rate goes up like this I get so excited
give me one more here come down - hold
your lunge so you're in this sprinters
lunge you feel that right leg bring your
arms up to the sky
hold that then you're gonna lean forward
kick your back leg back fly your arms
and go down kick it good so it's like a
little warrior 3 kick kick of the booty
fly those arms you got it now check in
with your form make sure that knee again
is right over that ankle but it's not
going over the toes that your abs are
pulled and tight and kick your butt up
like you mean it
squeeze keep going for me you guys are
looking great at home looking strong now
balance might be an issue for you here
okay you can always go slower find it
right we say sometimes you got to lose
balance to find it you have about two
more whew yeah one more and then come on
up oh we're gonna go into a squat jump
that left leg the kick back now kicks
forward squat jump side kick go up
forward up side kick
hi-yah go now remember you don't have to
jump you can do just a regular squat now
keep going I want you to check in with
your form here jumps you need to be
mindful of your land
when you land you in tow ball of your
foot down to your heel and remember how
I warmed you up with your squats where
you're keeping your chest up sticking
your butt back it's the same here you
have about 10 seconds left hop kick it
hop side give me one more up forward up
side fast feet go that right leg just
feels a little heavier doesn't it oh
yeah if you don't feel that jiggle you
are not moving fast enough okay come on
let it shake I live for this let it
shake here so when you're out there at a
dance club shake it nothing shakes come
on hold it down squat hold it get low
chest up abs in yes you can
one more round go fast feet go Hut shake
that out forget like it didn't happen
wait forget like it didn't happen can't
even think right now just do just do
stay with it
hold down hold and I want you to stay
low in the squat 4x jumps jump your feet
together forward jump forward wide hands
to the floor jump back jump outside of
the hand bring your chest up stay there
lakes together lay this back let's try
that again flex forward legs wide hands
to the floor jump back jump forward
hands up legs together legs wide go
forward side back up continue on your
own now I need you to be mindful of your
back here you don't just fold in your
back you get so low in your legs your
chest is up that you feel only your legs
working here right and yes of course
your abs are working in that plank yes
down look
so great keep going you have about 10
seconds yeah he's doing a beautiful job
of keeping it modified I don't even know
where I am
that's right I'm a pop sugar hey one
more whoa hold your squat here and come
to stand all right now listen up I'm
sure you notice that was all on the
right side so now we got here on the
left okay boy this is what remain for my
friends we're made to repeat and go here
we go right arm down chest up and cross
twist and down cross twist and down
remember it's about the twist of the
torso and keeping your chest up driving
through that front feel oh okay
catch your breath you got quite a
journey here ahead of us stay with me
stay strong you do great and I'm proud
of you you got about ten seconds here
down you like my endorphins are you
gotta give it one more hold that right
leg back in that lunge stay there
bring your arms up get low check in with
your front knee kick your back fly
warrior three back kick back you can
bring your arms up and then fly them
back or you can keep your arms forward
and fly but I want to feel those
shoulder blades squeezing together keep
going for me
nice so if you can this is a great note
even for Rachel here she can get lower
in that back leg
[Music]
if you could get lower that would be
great you got it and fly you have about
10 seconds whoo kick it
oh I'm on the wrong leg look at that you
know the moment I was like wait a minute
something doesn't feel right you got it
I'm feeling the evening out last one is
my luck and they're coming into the
squat jump squat forward kick side kick
go up bow kick up side kick Hey Oh
up side if you're feeling it you're
doing it right all right if you're out
of breath you're doing it right if
you're struggling you're doing it right
if there's something that says I'm gonna
keep going you are definitely doing it
right keep going up then kick hyah up
have fun with it get that leg moving
keep going
try talking the whole time go talk to me
you got it 10 seconds on the clock
remember you don't have to straighten
out the leg there's a beautiful
modification wow I'm feeling that keep
going kick whoa
last one fast feet go huh shake it out
move it out yeah so fast they're barely
leaving the floor squat hold yeah you
can just up Hey look at me
yeah you can go good
the prayer hands and squat down hold
remember those X jumps with the plank
yeah go bow out
jump back jump up chest up together
back forward out jump back keep going
for me as I was doing this I was
realizing maybe some of you today are up
here in your jumps I want you to try to
get lower especially on that when your
legs come together and wide stay low
together why you're not folding that
back keep your chest up low in the legs
drive through your heels I know I know
give me one more and relax walk over to
one side of your room and I want you to
say kid yes I can because shuffle sprint
ready stay low and go shuffle to one
side stop weeks work let's go cut yes
this is what I do with the six year old
I live with oh there's her socks
well now she's left the ball
oh it's a constant butt my butt looks
great
we've gone reach shuffle get low in the
legs chest up those legs should be on
fire one more each side
last one okay grab some water whoa job I
feel that you know where things as they
go I can't believe I love to see that
you're out of breath he has her as if
it's not challenging me that it's not a
good workout okay so you've got this
okay next up we're gonna do cardio core
if you sat down please get back up
please this is not the time to set this
is the time to jump for joy right well
let your heart great go down for just
another 10 seconds as we leave these
next moves are just for your core good
man are you gonna feel them because
they're all standing all righty so well
actually that's not true this person is
not well here we go come down it's
called a plank X so you're in the plank
with your hands together and your feet
together okay then you're gonna step out
wide with the right and the right leg
and then bring your left arm and left
leg together and then step out and bring
it together and then go to the other
side so try to do two to each side and
continue for me what you want to feel in
this is that your shoulders are right
over your wrists okay
checking with your butt well first say
hey looks good but to check in with your
button make sure that your butt stays
down in line
okay your abs are pulled in tight the
tendency in this is gonna want you're
gonna want to rock your hips right keep
them still as much as you can
this is very good you don't have to go
fast you can go slow you have ten
seconds here whoo yeah God's a big X
give me one more and come to stand high
high knees go check it up now modified
you'll have to run in place you just get
those knees up as high as you can now do
not give me fist with your hands open up
your hands they are slightly loose move
those arms with it and get those knees
up chest up you got it oh I'm feeling
good but one no don't worry about high
knees you're running no where you're
running nowhere so let's go somewhere
well you want to go I want to Bali let's
go to volley
I've never been where do you want to go
you got it going eight seven six five
four three two one whoa whoa I think
you're standing I'm changing my mind
right now give me a new move here blank
now really quick you are in a Pilates V
with your feet you're not sure what that
is your feet look like of need right
heels together toes apart that's very
important here on this one all right so
let's come to that V position shoulders
right over your wrists legs strong inner
thighs squeezing point your toes rock
forward flex your feet rock back now
hold that there bend your knees tap into
the floor straighten go Rock forward
rock back
then straight rock well you've been
straight and continuous form is so
crucial on this one alright now what you
don't want to feel is that when the
knees drop that your hips do too so I
want you to imagine as though I'm
holding your lower abs up so I'm gonna
just Rachel here scoop your tailbone
under just a little bit Rock forward
rock back hold that there's a knees tap
down you filled with new friends right
so pay attention to your lower abs there
keep them engaged and notice if your
heels separated I want them to squeeze
back together that's a very important
here okay you have five seconds what's
that far away in one more oh - and for
coresight your legs are wider than your
hips
we'll move on to your toes squeeze your
butt arms up and begin circling that
upper body finds a balance in a good way
I hope ya so this one is so crazy cuz it
looks in theory like it should be easy
but you realize how much goes into
holding your bounds on this so you
really have to think of the back of your
legs here squeezing your butt and then
reverse it whole I lost my balance as I
was talking to you forward and back and
if you can increase that range of motion
really going back hi getting wild I got
my partner I was at a bar and I was like
hey yeah I wish back then get it two
more year huh huh got it last one drop
your heels whoa
we're now gonna go for some more core
with the jump squad in between so watch
me jump squat when you get low arms or
forward twist to one side go up and then
alternate twist up
now notice Danny is not jumping which is
a great option you will still definitely
feel your core do me a favor keep your
chest up please step back up and if
you're in the mood pick it up pick it up
pick it up pick it up hey you got it
feeling that joy now I'm sure yeah it's
so hard while you're in it you're gonna
feel so good when you're done trust me
on this you got it and relax whoa
okay coming up we have a standing pike
we're gonna start with just your right
leg back so right leg back left leg
forward arms up similar to core cyclone
like that okay
now the leg kicks up and crunch and then
step it back go exhale up back up back
continue here's what's super important
about this one is the contraction of the
upper abdominals all right so a lot of
you are really flexible in your
hamstrings and you can just kick up like
it's nobody's business but that's great
but you're just getting a stretch what I
want is the crunch your arms are an
extension of that upper body the arms
don't do it the upper body does stay
strong for me give me five more seconds
on this side try to complete two more
last one and then let's switch left leg
back arms up go
and if you happen to know which hand was
on top switch for like KITT I don't know
I am thinking a lot about a lot of
things right now I'm not really sure how
I feel about you okay I promise you you
will fear that dopamine boost and you're
gonna go suddenly everything that
bothered me before it doesn't bother me
anymore I'm clear I'm hope and I am
available go five seconds crunch keep
doing that wrong like hello
last one woo and relax come on down this
is the only one well you're gonna be
slightly on your butt but not on your
butt okay so your fingertips are the
facing forward or out to the side it's a
matter of preference from here you're
gonna lift your butt up scooping through
your abs and then let's start with just
tapping the opposite knee find your
balance
tap tap then if you feel like I can do
this no problem
send your legs straight reach for the
toes tap now you want to make sure that
it's a cross action see I just feel like
a two-year-old kids it's like hot corner
see you got across now seeping a pick up
the pace go ten seconds to get it up get
it up last five more balanced on one
side for sure that happens and relax
side heavy come on to stand grab water
do not sit ok side tap now here's the
thing this is our kind of last round but
it's quite long okay it involves the
upper body and involves the ABS and
definitely involve some booty at some
points so it's a little bit of like a
combo platter the first lose legs
second is ABS now
that full-body activation sequence away
today okay all right so we're gonna
begin in a downward dog so your hands
are down you're gonna take your legs and
different than most downward dogs I want
you like to be much wider than your hips
so that you have good stability here now
before we begin to come forward into
your plank so you can make sure that
your shoulders are right over your
wrists right this form is very important
here your butt is in line with your
shoulders and then bring it back now if
you feel strong enough to join me in
this I want you to take your left arm
and wrap it around your stomach like
you're giving yourself a hug and then
when you come forward into your plank
your left arm goes out to the side like
a back fly and then you go back into
that downward dog and come forward into
a back fly continue for me now you'll
notice that Dani said today all right
some people have shoulder injuries and
be mindful that right here this is a
great hug to stretch the back the
shoulder and then fly it up to squeeze
more faster back and manage your core
working on this one because you only
have one arm to work with and you have
to work those stabilizer muscles give me
one more here and I want you to hold
that left arm out to the side and just
stay in then chest pulls forward abs in
for four three two and one relax it down
now I'm gonna have you guys turn to the
side on this one we need our mats now
again your pans rolling and
shoulder-width apart your knees now in
between your hands but notice for this
directly underneath my hip and my left
leg is extended right behind and open so
can you see that
I took my leg I turned it flat onto the
inner part of the foot and then float it
up so find this position for me your
tailbone is under your chest is pulled
forward you're going over one tricep dip
dipping your chest down to the floor
come up and then sweep the left leg out
to the side and then back go for it down
up sweep back down up sweep now the
tendency here is to rock the upper body
you want to try to keep that upper body
still as a leg sweep and then you want
to imagine as though that leg is
sweeping along glass and so you don't
want to drop the leg low you want to
keep it on that same plane the whole
time sweep back keep going for me I want
to check in with my girls and see how
they're doing now real quick a tricep
pushup your elbows need to be touching
your ribcage they are not flaring out to
the side please be mindful of that
you also want to make sure that you're
leading from your chest on the down
you're not leading from your chin give
me one more here and then come up onto
your hands as you were take your right
leg a little bit wider take your left
leg outside of your back so notice that
the leg is outside of my hip my toes are
pointed I'm gonna float the leg up at
that diagonal come down on to my office
and elbow bend the legs pulse it up then
come back up float it up kick and back
up up kick and up so you're going into
different levels here lift whoo for me
this part feels good
yeah I love feeling that glute
activation I love feeling these unique
movements here stuff that I don't
normally do tailbone under be mindful so
you're not just bending the leg you're
pulsing it up be mindful of that
you got it licked and up give me one
more here move it and then come on up
all right so let's come back to that
right knee so that means stay down the
whole time you're not gonna lie on your
right hand up with that knee you want
about a foot in between maybe a little
bit more and then open your body up so
that your left leg is extended and your
shoulders right over your wrists and
it's okay if it's slightly behind you
want to feel that lift through the
bottom side there top hand behind your
head and then take that left leg that's
extended and floated up and then bend it
and from here tailbone under abs in ribs
in float the leg up pulse it and then
you're gonna crunch in woo up and crunch
lift and crunch keep going for me now
this is a move that I want to invite you
to find your level okay so notice that
Danny here is down on her side but she's
not even lifted up in a side plank
because she really wants to learn how to
isolate he got left side okay so you and
home I invite you to do that same thing
lift leg up and then crunch it what you
should feel right now is work through
the top side but also work through the
bottom whole bunch of stuff is happening
right now give me two more to finish
lifting up and crunch last one up crunch
and then come down onto your stomach
so from here this is our little
commercial break before we do the other
side you're gonna lift your head up like
you don't want to drown in the water and
then float your arms and your legs up
and alternate swim abs in tight breathe
here feel the lift feel the shoulder
blades pulling down your back squeeze
your glutes and keep pulling your belly
button in and up towards your spine this
is five four three two one and relax sit
back into a child's pose oh I know let's
prepare for the other side what do you
say here we go legs wide
okay so this time the right arm wraps
around your stomach and then you come
forward as that right arm goes out into
that fly and then back go for it fly it
out and back now remember check in with
your forearms shoulder right over the
wrists but stays down like you're in a
regular plank I notice that my legs are
wide so I have that good hip stability
here and the speed is up to you it'll
vary slow or you can go fast whew I love
this I've always wanted to fly you know
it'll do it'll do whoa give me two more
here good and last one
hold it chest pulls forward both hips
pointed down abs in like strong three
two and relax
all right so from here what do we do on
that side left side right okay so your
hands are down your knee is in the
middle of those wrists it's directly
underneath your hip and this time your
right leg is extended right behind that
leg and it's turned open so the hip
turns open then you float the leg up
chest pulls forward tricep dip and then
we sweep the leg out to the side
good tricep dip sweep the leg out to the
side now again keep going please be
mindful of what's going on in that upper
body
keep your arms strong shoulders down
your back I actually have to remind
myself that all the time nice your
elbows are glued into your side body
while she's really going for it it's
almost like you're bobbing for apples
except you don't tuck your chin right
right out to the side beautiful now do
your best to try to stay leaning into
the right arm as the leg sweeps out to
the side very nice Rachel you're doing
great
keeping those elbows glued in I want you
to give me one more here and then hold
that there and drop the leg down taking
it slightly out to the side open up the
hip from here you load it up come down
onto your left elbow bend the leg pulse
it up and keep going for it and up try
to make it as smooth as possible smooth
transition down and then up and make
sure you're getting that leg that little
extra pulse at the top really squeezing
the
like to a whole lot of things are
working right now your arms your abs
your butts a lot of stuff is working
give me two more here let's go for one
more and then come on up so keep your
left knee where it is just line your
left arm up and then open up your hip
top hand behind your head and notice
that I have a little problems here I'm
trying to find my balance try to do the
same here and then float up and that's
what you know your core is really
working here tailbone under abs in now
bend the leg and then pulse that leg up
and crunch in whoa you know what I'm
realizing right now this side is so much
harder right so that's gonna happen for
you - you're gonna go Wow
one side does not feel the same I'm very
aware of my body but certain moves
sometimes surprise me when it's really
tough you got it can you breathe a
little deeper for me say that two more
last one and relax all right from here
final thing come down to your stomach
let's swim commercial break chest up
arms and legs lifted and swim truth this
this is not a commercial break this was
a beautiful strengthener for your back
and your glutes you always want to make
sure that we are mindful of that back
pull your abs in
you got five four three two one sit back
into your child's pose and you didn't
all right come on sit how do you feel
you guys did awesome alright let's do
some quick stretches here take your
right leg out to the side left leg
pulled into the body reach your bottom
arm and take your top arm up and over a
nice big stretch if you've never trained
me before you know I do stretch a lot
because it gets your hamstrings your
inner thigh and your lower back and it
opens up your side body all together say
I feel it so much in my obliques yeah
good then you take your top your body
and turn it down to your toes and
breathe
[Music]
long and lean yeah I'm sweaty and then
come on up let's switch so I want you to
check in with your breath right now in
all seriousness we were joking a lot
during that routine but I want you to
notice the quality of your breath now I
want you to notice the thoughts in your
head notice how much clarity you have
pay attention
because that is what exercise does it
clears your mind it reminds you of who
you are that you can and you will and
with me you just did yeah close your
body down stretch travel to Bali and
back in 30 minutes and then come on up
cross your legs by yourself alone
wherever you are close your eyes and say
one thing that you are so grateful for
hold that stay with that take your arms
out palms together take a big inhale
exhale hands to your heart drop your
chin to your chest hold that gratitude
and if you're near mine right now you
thought of more than one thing then you
are a very blessed person and I am so
grateful that I got to train you today
great job
[Applause]
[Laughter]
