hey beautiful people it's Dasia and
today I have a hardcore hip-hop groups
hit workout that's gonna torch major
calories this episode of dance fit sugar
is paid for by core hydration this
workout has a lot of cardio intensive
bursts but know that I have you covered
with core hydration water break so you
can replenish and be ready to take on
your next series of moves I have Fionna
over here to my left
doing modification and Misha over here
to my right doing the advanced version
with me
let's get dancing we start with tiny
torso twist side to side just loosening
up the core here we're gonna add it
reach in three two one scoop it up reach
reach
nice work next we're gonna isolate the
wrists hands on the hips in three two
one
it goes side front side and then back
keep breathing here reverse directions
side front side back try to just move
the ribs here rolling it out in three
two one here we go to the left there we
go
now chest comes out to the right three
two one other way
[Music]
four more and then we roll down and
touch our toes three two one roll all
the way down bring it up reach the sky
nice and tall rolling through the center
of the body two more last one feet wide
let's rock the hips left to right today
I want you to stay true to your core the
core is the center of everything we are
and everything we do to hit bumps to the
back double-time it's back back the core
is the energy that exists between people
and the energy that exists within each
of us there we go step it out rolling
those shoulders back nice work four more
like that
[Music]
break here alright guys check it out
it's time to dance let's do it you guys
ready five six seven eight we step and
just touch we're gonna take our arms out
you guys ready for that one make it a
little bit bigger five six seven eight
top nice work
tap it front six seven pull it back
there we go back to our step touch with
shoulder roll here we go left and right
nice work they're getting nice and loose
stop in the center and just roll the
shoulders back small a little bigger
last one super big and shake it out
we're getting into our first interval of
work so hands behind the back we're
gonna step touch side to side for 45
seconds then 15 second rest here we go
we're into our first bit of work try to
drop the chest as low as you can as you
step it out in this first dance move
keep breathing through the whole entire
exercise
[Music]
for the last 15 seconds we're gonna pump
it a little higher and throw our hands
up
are you ready neat let's do it here you
go throw it up you got a two CNIC over
there lot seven seconds stay strong
three two and one
fifteen seconds of rest our first rest
we're going into oblique crunches to the
side fingertips behind the head you
bring the same knee to the same elbow we
got five more seconds of rest you ready
three two one let's get into it
now don't worry about the music here
just find a tempo that works for you and
keep pushing yourself through the entire
45 seconds
[Music]
I'm already feeling my core how about
you guys oh yeah I love it now for the
last 15 seconds here we're gonna add a
little hop if we can take it a little
faster here we go
keep crunching to the side seven more
seconds here
last one let it go shake it out awesome
job you killed it you crushed it
alright guys we're at our first core
hydration water break so go ahead and
celebrate by getting a little sip of
water so during this entire workout I
want you to listen to your core so
whether that's adding your own flair to
a dance move or taking a break when you
need it know that you know what you need
most let's go ahead and grab our mats
all right guys now we have our mats
let's get back to work so we're starting
with a ball change to the size double
push yeah and push push and push push
for the modification you just step and
push it out there we go see Anna you got
it keep breathing as you contract your
core you got 25 seconds left keep
pushing
[Music]
fifteen seconds we're almost there black
three two and one shake it out we're
dropping down to the floor for our next
block of work into a forearm plank for
the modification you'll just go into a
tabletop position we're stepping the
feet out twice and we have to hip ting
here we go three two and one
it's out out in in dip and dip that's it
keep that core engaged keep those lips
nice and tight try to keep that neck in
alignment pick a point on the ground to
stare
[Music]
you're more than halfway there last one
hip dips awesome work let it go come
back up to your feet back up to a
standing position we got a new dance
move so we're gonna start bouncing those
shoulders side to side we're gonna go
into a sumo squat and then into a
deadlift knees over the toes three two
one here it goes down up and forward
hinge up the hips
bring it up that's it keep engaging your
core here as you go down and up and
forward and up
[Music]
are those ABS burning yet oh yeah good
[Applause]
but glutes are part of our core too so
we're keeping them just as tight without
modification you guys are just
shortening the range of motion
you're doing great last five seconds
down one more time
and let it go take a break shake it out
alright guys we're back on the floor
one more core move for this round we
reach out twice and then we lay on our
back twice and cross our arms across our
chest here we go three two one reach up
up back back good
don't worry about the music here just
find an adequate pace for you and keep
going
[Music]
how you feeling Sienna oh yeah I love
that only 15 seconds to go
and then this time is over and we begin
our next interval
[Music]
four three two and one nice sort of hop
up to your feet we're back in with a
dance move so we have three new drivers
we step cross and tap it out
are you ready here we go three two and
one so up up up step cross up up up
step cross good how you doing me doing
great good you want to take it a little
higher for me let's do it
quit that yeah there we go last fifteen
seconds going strong
[Music]
one more and shake it out nice work guys
alright we got another AB move we're
gonna crunch and pull our arms into the
body face the front five seconds to rekt
and we're in here we go pull it down in
there we go jump right next into that
block of work
you guys are crushing it take it at your
own pace use what you have do what you
can you got this
[Music]
only 15 seconds left keep crunching it
out that's it
almost there remember to keep breathing
last three two and one
there we go shake it out all right next
up we got a grapevine we'll just start
with the feet but then we're gonna add
the arms scoop it out and throw it away
yeah you guys ready here we go five six
seven eight grapevine to the left touch
now if you want to stay here you can
either leave your arms free or keep them
on your hips or you can scoop them out
with me and I in three two one here we
go down row there we go
take a big scoop towards the ground
throw it up that's it
[Music]
for three last two and last one throw it
off nice work
killing it killing it alright guys we're
gonna drop down into our sumo squat
bring our fingertips behind our head and
raise those heels as we go into an
oblique side Bend drop it down here we
go
again take this at your own pace if you
want to go to the beat of the music you
can but don't worry about the music just
here for extra support
stay with me down here for five more
seconds and then we shake it out and hit
the other side in three two one
shake it out drop back down into that
sumo squat we're hitting the right side
keep that core tight knees over those
toes
let it burn last four last three two and
one
nice work awesome all right guys we only
have two more moves next one's a dance
vote so we open up that chest we body
roll it down and then body roll to the
front you guys ready let's hit it
chest chest roll and roll
that's it keep that slight bend in your
knees as you take it from side to side
only 25 more seconds here I know you got
it in you almost there we're gonna
finish strong with one more core move
are you guys ready
whoop I know you I
[Music]
give me one more nice and strong roll
and roll let it go shake it off alright
guys get into that plank but this time
into a high plank nice and tall we jump
in for a bear call position and then we
lift one leg let's get into that bear
crawl position step those feet back into
plank air goes in out lift alternate the
leg with the leg lift here out lift nice
work in out lift for that modification
you're just in the tabletop position
walking out to plank and then back into
tabletop that's it try to keep that back
flat so flat you can place your core
water bottle on top of your back nice
work give me two more like that black
one in out lift and let it go great job
guys and now we're at our next core
hydration water break so go ahead and
take a sip of your water and take a
moment for yourself
[Music]
so I want to take this water break to
have each of us think about what it
means to stay true to your core what
does that need to use Anna to me it
means finding authenticity and
everything I do I love that and how
about you eesh to me it means fueling my
true beliefs and following my passion
every single day that's beautiful
and for me it just means checking in
with myself daily and listening to my
gut we're gonna get into our last
interval of work our hardcore section of
our workout so let's go ahead and lay
down on our backs palms flat on the
ground shoulders touching so we take a
little rock back and we tap the toes
down just a little rock and tap those
toes down try to keep that lower back
glued to the ground here we're already
in this set of work 30 seconds left
let's go keep breathing here that's it
15 seconds left keep pushing remember
you're going at your own pace here
[Music]
last four three two and one
let it go fifteen seconds of rest but
stay laying down on your back you're
gonna extend one leg one leg to the sky
and those shoulders are gonna come off
the ground
we have alternating leg grabs in four
three two and one here we go for that
modification keep those knees bent and
those shoulders on the ground try to
keep those toes pointed if you can and
those legs completely straight you're
more than halfway there keep going
[Music]
[Music]
nice work guys plus five seconds push
all the way to the end finish strong and
let it go black exercise on our backs
here our feet are gonna go up out try to
get those feet as low to the ground so
mine are gonna be about six inches off
the ground after they go up straight to
the sky here we go start our work now
[Music]
and out try to keep that back glute to
the ground that's it check in on
yourself
are you breathing is that core super
tight and are those legs reaching out as
low to the ground as possible only ten
more seconds
[Music]
last three two and one
let it go come up to that seated
position you're gonna lean back just
slightly place your hand on the knees
your feet are gonna go out out and in
and then you have to rock ups with your
arms in the sky here we go three two on
one out out in in rock and rock there we
go starting a little party on the floor
right here if you can lean back a little
lower go for it
remember this is your workout so you
push yourself as hard as you can ten
more seconds and then we're coming back
up to our feet on it oh yeah nice job
nice nice Tatiana and you're done shake
it out and come back up to a standing
position you'll be just behind your mat
here so we're gonna criss cross with a
little jump and clap in the middle then
roll it down twice are you guys ready
yep let's get this party started
hit it criss cross roll roll criss cross
roll and roll and you can go a little
lower at the roll if you want again you
can just add your own flair because this
is your workout so you get to do you
20 seconds left last little work here
keep grooving and moving that's it last
one and two rolls shake it out
so next we're pushing to the side then
we have three heel taps and opening up
our arms for the modification just keeps
our hands on our hips great job here we
go six seven eight
push reach reach reach push so that
flick that slides across the floor it is
the first foot that goes into attitude
not as you just means a bent knee there
we go keep that chest lifted and that
core super tight
[Music]
you're almost there I want you guys to
check in with your core here is
everybody feeling strong oh yeah good
let's use that strength to push through
this last bit of work here it's a
challenging set so keep pushing yourself
last one push reach reach and reach
shake it out all right guys we got
another dance move
you ready it's a little dance with a
little bit of core we roll our ribs ties
then we roll our hips because those hips
are part of the court action too so
let's roll roll roll roll just focus on
isolating the ribs and the hips here and
then we'll add a little spice a little
flavor in a second
that's it a top and down below one more
like that and now the arms are gonna go
out and in here it goes out out in and
that's it oh wow and
Oh Oh in that thing keep that energy up
last one roll it down shake it out
alright guys now we got a box step it's
our last step we're gonna take it home
and shimmy the shoulders with it so it's
step cross step back and then to toe
taps or you can just stay here with the
toe taps you guys ready five six seven
eight tap it out that's it two taps
let those shoulders loose
that's it halfway
[Music]
[Music]
give me two more last one and just stay
here with me
just shimmying those shoulders all the
way to the end can you make it a little
bigger I know you can a little bigger
that's it guys stay here and shake it
out all right guys we're moving into our
core burner you ready for that yeah you
ready for that oh yeah so here I'm gonna
allow you guys to pick your favorite
core moves we're gonna start with a
standing vise fingertips behind the head
we go for 45 seconds strong here we go
you gotta keep pushing all the way
opposite knee to opposite elbow
[Music]
if you can pick up the pace here go
ahead and pick up the pace just keep
engaging the core that music is ramping
up we're almost there
[Music]
and let it go
alright guys 15 seconds rest let's pop
down to the floor our next four burners
get it the our bicycles and again you
guys can choose your favorite core
workout just go for 45 seconds strong as
soon as I music comes in here we go deep
breath in and let's go remember guys
this is a burnout so keep going at your
quickest pace
[Music]
remember to keep that torso rotation in
there if you're doing bicycles with us
keep pushing yourself nice and strong
we're almost there keep fighting for it
[Music]
let it go alright guys you ready for one
more core burner this is the last one
let's drive it home let's finish strong
together I'm gonna go into mountain
climbers how about you guys gonna climb
down mountain yeah yeah Sienna you got
us on the modification yeah let's go for
it see it out into that plank let's
start running up the side of that
mountain we're in this together guys OOP
knees into the chest of course super
tight run it up
[Music]
keep breathing you can do it keep
climbing that's it that's it
we're almost there right for these last
15 seconds
[Music]
four three two one
let it go wow that was amazing you guys
did so great go ahead and stand back up
to your feet we're gonna cool it down
yeah nice work take a deep breath take
those feet nice and wide we're gonna
reach all the way to the top of ceiling
and then bend our knees at the bottom
arms all the way up let it all go all
the way up and let it go
two more like that
gather up all that amazing energy that
you created for yourself today last one
arms all the way up we're gonna Bend one
knee keep the other side straight in a
warrior lunge take that elbow plant it
on your thigh and reach up and over so
at the core of who we all are each one
of us is so unique and special we all
have a passion and a fire inside of us
but it's up to us to let it pour out
into the world reverse that reach
[Music]
good four three two straighten both legs
bend the opposite knee go into a warrior
lunge on the other side plant that elbow
down and reach up and over try to press
those shoulders down take some nice deep
breaths here
and reverse that warrior
[Music]
beautiful work you guys are doing great
you did great and you're still standing
let it all go straighten both legs shake
it out
go ahead and reach down for your toes
step your feet back into a plank and
lower down into up dog
so remember continue to strengthen your
inside so your outside shines the
brightest go ahead and push back into a
child's pose and those hips straight
back stretch those arms out right in
front of you four three two one go ahead
and push up into a Down Dog start to
walk those legs out whenever you're
ready start to walk those feet into the
hands I want you to just hang out here
take a tiny sway side to side and we're
gonna roll up one vertebrae at a time
until our fingertips touch the sky in
three two one roll it up
fingertips all the way to the sky
stretch it all the way out and our lace
those fingers press it all the way up to
more side bends here and up and over to
the other side little baby back bend
take it back
[Music]
and curve the core forward drop the arms
bring the head up and shake it all out
go ahead and give some love to your core
it works so hard for you today you guys
worked so hard way to go ladies thank
you guys for working out with us
