get ready to work your whole body with
Barry's bootcamp senior instructor and
move with coach Ingrid clay thanks Ali
so go ahead grab one set medium to light
weights and let's get ready to do this
all right guy is gonna start with a
quick little warm up unit starting a
partial squats feet shoulder-width apart
come all the way down bring it up
halfway give me a two-second hole up
here and then right back down nice to
control chest up make sure you don't
curve that back nice and controlled all
the way down halfway up hold one two so
right now we're warming up your leg
glute your hamstring right there almost
there we're gonna drop to the ground
next one it's a push-up squat
combination increase that heart rate get
ready to drop in five four three two one
so you're gonna drop to the ground hit
that push-up come into that squat hold
it then go right back is that push-up
you go definitely have modifications
here we got to drop to your knees in
that push-up go ahead and drop to your
knee step it in you don't need to jump
it in all the way down push-up hit that
squat nice and controlled
guys we got about 10 seconds right here
I know consecutive you're never gonna
stand it up again we're gonna go into
some skaters keep that heart rate going
get ready to stand it up in five four
three two one we're gonna top side to
side of course you can modify that you
don't have to add the jump if you're not
there yet that's okay it's perfectly
fine stuff for you more sides attack you
and those skaters nice and low you
should feel the quad burn do I do you
feel the quad bar yeah two seconds here
ladies I guess almost there you're gonna
take it into a squat
alternating washed up next for 30
seconds I'm gonna go into town for a
second nice a good job in five four
three two one
squat alternating lunch down again you
gotta modify this
take up a job little closet should be on
fire mine are already this is the warm
up your own Lazare in five four three
two one nice Oh check it out towel off
we're gonna grab the weight and we're
gonna move on to the first round
alright ready to go okay it's gonna be
starting in a squat alternating back
lunge with the shoulder press C
wonderful your weights down here squat
back lunge press in the back lunge back
into your squat oh nice to control
[Music]
right what we got another 20 seconds
here
make sure you're at about a ninety
degree angle when you hit that bag lunch
you want to make sure that you can see
your toe you're taking the test squat
deadlift side right in five four three
two look keep that squat go into
deadlift
[Music]
come up side right squat
Archie lower back chest up in that
deadly through your heel that rate
deadly diarrhea nice to control guys if
you ask me your side rain go ahead and
[Music]
by right you have 20 seconds here yeah
is it really good they're working at
mostly shoulders and like this round
five second we don't wish to see little
squat upright row in five four three two
one they're gonna drop it down into that
sumo squat you're gonna hit us some
o'clock turn your toes out come up after
that upright row good modification here
if you need a monocle guy lighter
weights just drop down pull it the
weight sizes so yeah fifteen seconds
here guys we're gonna have a little fun
we're gonna hold that's the most why so
we're gonna keep the upright row all
right you get ready to hold it ladies in
five when you say fine I knew it three
two one hold it
let's keep that upright row let's keep
it going
yes you can oh you're coming to the end
of this circuit you got 20 seconds here
we're gonna drop that way it's a little
pulse okay get ready to drop it we got
15 seconds here yes you can yes do it
hold it you only got 10 seconds left
you can almost there get ready draw that
way in five four three two one drop
stay low well Paul said this is enough
to get real right now right all of their
guys that if Paul let impulse I'll give
you 10 seconds to shake it out then
we're gonna go right back low again oh
yeah right there
I know shut up keep that for you
ten seconds you got 10 seconds almost
there ladies stay with me 5 4 3 2 1
10-second shake out we're going right
into a sumo five four three two one drop
down knees in Wow all right this is all
glutes here all glues bring it on
squeeze it you got about 15 seconds
right here we're gonna turn it up a
notch we're gonna go with just it was a
squat jump I'm thinking about the beach
oh yeah good thank you Ali don't like
that glue come on guys over there in
five four three two one
we know sweetie eyes we got 30 seconds
squat jump let's go I know but this
actually helps believe it or not right
yeah you don't look there
earn that water break you got 15 seconds
boom how much there come on 10 seconds I
know oh look there have you got a pulse
it can't jump if you're not there yet
that's fine go go go
4 3 2 1 Oh check it out oh crap the
water we do that one more time
I know hey do that one more time don't
look there stretch it out a little grab
some water if you need so we're gonna go
again you go about ten seconds I know
we're gonna pick up those wait this
isn't the time to if you need to drop
dead you got two sets of weights you
could drop two lighter set into that
whole round again just a little lighter
let's grab in five four three two one
drop it into that squat back lunge press
squat back lunge squat
back lunge right back into that school
you got 30 seconds shoulders and legs
perfect combination shoulder sprain to
body small in legs everything you got 15
seconds here thing almost there we're
gonna switch to that deadlift squat
lateral raise in five four three two one
taking it to that's why arsenal or back
side ring siren nice to control I
suppose Daedalus you and me show you
stuff in about a 90 degree angle pull
through your heel squeeze the glue the
top side race control that weighs on
that side right there's no need to rush
the lift take your time again if you
need to alternate that side right
alternate that's alright you still full
of burner right you still feel it yes 20
seconds here Oh 15 seconds we're going
back into your favorite one we're gonna
say that do a little squad of right row
I think why did I put that in there
because you need it yeah why do you make
that switch goodbye four three two one
spread those legs how about let's go see
you won't try
right row elbows are high here put your
chess boards just slightly yeah 15
seconds
they're never gonna hold it I can go up
right row only almost there
10 seconds another modification see if
you got a shot that way in a hold and
just hold it without that right roll in
five four three two one hold it all
right Roley I pick that but back
keep that chest up yes you can your
shoulders should be burn it just quad
right you can always track down to one
weight since you gotta drop down to only
you only have ten seconds here but we're
going to that pause oh you're gonna drop
that way your five four three two one
drop your weight you got 30 seconds here
yes you can I'm gonna give you that
ten-second shake I'll go so you know
it's coming yes you can you got 20
seconds here breathe oh okay you guys 10
seconds ladies two seconds
stay with me four three two one only two
seconds so you go right back into it get
ready to drop it back into that to apply
in five four three two one knees in oh
yeah oh yeah don't forget it
hello there Oh breathe good news is this
is the last one in this circuit but you
got two more you're ready go to your
squat down here 5 4 3 2 1 watch it wait
for you go to that job and let's go
you only got 30 seconds that water break
is coming earn that water break
whew you're almost there 20 seconds
fifteen seconds really you only got ten
seconds here five four three two one
yeah shake it out
we got a 30 second recovery here I know
they were gonna move on to biceps back a
little more shoulders may be on the
floor come back guys you have 15 seconds
here whoo let's start making our way to
the floor
we're gonna be starting a push-up
alternating rolls with the side plank
really good feeling good girl just drop
it down in five four three two one all
right get into that wide push-ups and
push-up row
[Music]
push-up row push-up
blank Oh she'll play now guys you don't
have to bring this weight up in this
link if that's not where you are it's
perfectly fine
about 30 seconds here
ladies don't like push out it's a little
bit quieter here when we do these you
almost there though get about five
seconds we just stand it up good five
four three two one let's stand it out
whoa bent over a double row she ended up
straight hammer curl showed up Hut oh
you want your feet a little bit
shoulder-width apart here
Archie lower back cuts up elbows right
in the middle back squeeze the shoulder
blades
stand it up elbows in hammer straight up
press modification you can go into that
double row you can Alton a your hammer
curl and then alternate your oppressive
unita whoa
thirty seconds
20 second some real work going on here
today we're gonna go to that over
reverse row next bicep curl reverse
shoulder peasant in five four three two
one
your palms are gonna face the front
elbows in the back reverse row stand it
a bicep curl palms face you for her
shoulder press
reach over reverse roll curl reversal
make sure you have that arching we're
back you gotta modify this
take the weight down you got 30 seconds
here yes this is the gangster one not
gonna lie this is the gangster
combination right here it's working the
biceps twice because when you hit the
reverse row you hit the vices hit them
again and then you'll do it get your
shoulders up ten seconds ladies boom I'm
gonna take it to a white girl and kill
divide this in five four three two one
take your elbows by your thigh oh my
girl
we got 30 seconds here okay if you want
to try to keep the elbows by the side
here have a tendency to have bring them
off keep him nice and controlled we got
15 seconds make sure you keep your knees
soft right now your tire so you need
your help from your lower body you want
to keep your knees soft
don't pull three lower back almost there
we're gonna hold it
we're gonna hold it we're gonna take it
in and out in five four three two one
oh nice and slow here nice a spa hey if
you gotta shake it out shake it out you
got 20 seconds right here yes you can
you're almost there
you talk to the floor and
take it up all right we're going into a
push-up its he'll jump in your push-up
instead it's help jumper me yes you can
get ready to go there yeah five four
three two and one
drop those weights you're gonna drop it
down push up Soto in the push-up bring
it in stand it up tuck down burp it
push-up in push-up so I come in tuck top
[Music]
so I'm doing an intermediate level
here's a tuck jump you just jump it in
whoa you're almost there
five four three Oh 30 seconds break how
we feel
we'll do it one-on-one on there that's
good how are you feeling all right
all right there we got about 15 seconds
and we're going through that one more
time almost there
all right ten seconds
get ready to drop it down push up
alternating rolls side plank let's do it
in five four three two one
[Music]
here feel here no go away
20 seconds left that's all that matters
is that we're still here ten seconds
five four three two one
dan Durda whoo bent over double row
hammer shoulder front sorry
hammer curl shoulder Hut back down Oh
[Music]
another modification you can go into
that double row you can alter Nate your
hammer curl and then alternate your
press if you need to all right hello
yours use that brain
[Music]
oh okay
15 seconds good good
I can hear you we're in it together get
ready to switch it up inside
three two one bids it over palms face
the front
get that reverse bicep curl reverse
right
whoa reverse we're hot bicycle reverse
Christ keep those knees off you know my
shoulders not even getting a little
tired so I'm using my legs to help me
get that weight off whoo
[Music]
[Music]
five four three two one
shake it off shake it white girl no no
you need to longer shake out you can
always take a long shake out I'm gonna
take it up a notch
well let that way come Wow if it isn't
already for like 20 pounds it's gonna
feel like 40 yeah you already take it in
and out in five four three two one we
could have halfway oh ha ha 20 seconds
here
first your shoulder the process we're
about to drop it to the floor
push-up tuck jump Oh
Burpee that's coming back it's the last
window ten seconds here five four three
two one
stop those weights hit that ground last
one of these guys pushup tuck up even if
you join the modification give it a try
guys
give it a try like once you don't know
where you are unless you actually try it
[Music]
two seconds five four three two one
how's it going alright
how off grab some water last one last
second yes you can hit the floor we got
a little bit of chest we're gonna work
those triceps and you know I want a
couple other things in there
so grab your weights lay it down so you
want to lay it down this will be your
one position your - is he gonna come
down into that chest press but guess
what we're gonna add that butt lift
you're gonna squeeze the glue the top
bring it back up you can also add the
core in here tighten your core as you
bring it up squeeze the glue push up
nice to control here make sure you
breathe
on the work you got 30 seconds here we
gotta go just triceps getting back to
ten you got to bring those legs in the
air next we're gonna hit a little bit of
a core you're gonna take it to testify
skull crusher with a clutch all right I
know you got 15 seconds a sweaty 100
guys pin 5 4 3 2 1 legs up turn those
weight in but with weights in you're
gonna drop it into that fly and lock in
those elbows drop it down it's you're a
skull crusher then give me a punch nice
and controlled guys beautiful fly goal
crusher make sure your chin comes up
towards the ceiling Eric orange try not
to rest
you're ten on your test whenever you
rest your challenge has to hit about 20%
of your core when you take it up towards
the ceiling we're working over 70 that's
more guess what
summer bodies are made in the winter so
let's make some summer bodies all right
drop it into that fire bring it in
skull crusher straighten those arms go
into that crunch here guys you got 20
seconds here we're gonna keep that skull
crusher though okay keep that skull
crusher we're gonna take it and tough it
up with the overhead tricep extension
all right you got ten seconds here
fly-in school straight grunt let's so
it's if I switch it up in five four
three two one
we're gonna keep that Skullcrusher I'm
gonna straighten my legs come up into
that sit up and then hit that overhead
and then I'm gonna bring it down really
slowly nice and control push your back
up against the floor go into that skull
crusher again tighten your core come up
into that fit up hit that overhead
string those arms then bring it down
nice and slow you can either put your
feet on the ground here I'm straining my
legs that kind of takes things up a
notch because you really force that core
to you
all of their core to get up make sure
you keep those elbows in though that
overhead you got about 20 seconds right
here we're gonna flip it over next bring
it down nice and slow even when you
bring it down you want to make sure your
chin is up towards the ceiling we got
less than 10 seconds we're gonna flip it
over tricep push-up alternating tricep
kickbacks in five four three two one
let's flip it over
so tricep push-up it's a little
different than that why push-up we're
gonna walk those leaps in getting to get
a minor Pike on your knee
I like a wide stance here gives you more
stability drop it into that tricep
push-up bring one orma kick back Oh back
down tricep push-up back down you guys
on your knees here oh it's tempting
going your knees drop down to those
knees you still get that workout my
triceps are burning they are on fire
here guys especially if you feel like
your forms being compromised -
absolutely because we get tired you
start to shake and it's better to make
the switch alright gonna take it up his
and up and down plank in five four three
two one move those cleats on the side
we're gonna drop down on our forearm
you're gonna come up whoa back down
bring it up back down
again guys we got got to your knees drop
to your knees
oh whoa there in five four three two one
whoa you get 30 seconds here I don't
know about you but my triceps were like
shaking on this one we got one more time
guys this is the go it seems like an
easy one it's deceptive but it's not
it's a really hard one you got this guys
what we're gonna do it one more time
we're almost there you got ten seconds
with you one more let's do it let's
almost get into position here guys on
your back grab your weights
chest press butt lift in five four three
two what we
[Music]
right the control
guys I know these can be challenging but
you are where you are start where you
are and build up to it I mean we're
still all strong you know you gotta find
it sometime
you know so you got it you got this it's
all about the journey in stores arrive
are the butt lifts whichever one comes
first
almost there guys you got about 15
seconds here way to bring those legs up
you're gonna go into that ball crusher
fly chest fly in that crunch over there
get ready to make your switch in five
four three two one
legs up drop it down exact fly goal
crusher shut up
[Music]
let me try to push that back against the
floor you keep that goal crushing when
you hit that fly you always want to keep
your core engaged here so this is a good
reason to add the crunch because the
crunch hooks remind you oh my core
always they can't he's just always been
a jerk or you got 20 seconds right
[Music]
it's so important inhale exhale on the
work take your time there's no need to
rush the left I see these so many times
everyone's going so fast quality over
quantity all right get ready drop those
legs go crush your sit up overhead in
five four three two one
keep that goal crusher come into that
sit up overhead
[Music]
it's a very focused very everything is
so engaged right now you have to be
focused I mean you're engaging those
arms your chest your core and you want
to make sure form is everything guys you
got 20 seconds and I'm being careful
because I want to make the most out of
my core here so I'm gonna take it down
slow yes my shoulders are very 10
seconds we're gonna flip it over hold
hands 5 4 3 2 1
Oh hip it over we're going into that
tricep pushup
Oh alternating rows here weights in just
a tad tricep pushup
hopefully any tricep kickback I'm sorry
if I said rope
[Music]
[Music]
ah the workout it's steel tanks don't
hear these so don't feel like you're not
doing it because you have to drop to
your knees
Rockne you're doing it
how'd you go finishing that up and down
plink all right in five four three two
one
move those weights out the way you got
30 seconds start low bring it high
[Music]
[Laughter]
seconds
[Music]
five four three two one well we should
go back into child pose huh
and just breathe good job ladies thanks
judge
go ahead and bow before your back we're
gonna bring those knees in deep breath
inhale exhale so down got heart rate
deepen your breath take your right leg
across it of your left away both knees
in
hold it deep breath inhale exhale okay
it's an amazing job cooldown is as
important as the workout this stretch so
important for recovery for your body
deep breath inhale exhale both knees in
again towards either armpit this time
here and you can gently rock your body
back and forth massage is fine you did a
lot of standing back exercises you might
be feeling it a little there you're not
used to that so go ahead and rock back
and forth flip your hands underneath
your knees and look let's rock it up and
down give yourself about three good
rocks or massaging your spine laughs why
feet hit the floor let's roll up on to
our tippy toes
pulls in hands on the ground straighten
the leg slowly stand there I snuck in
here and just hang here palms to your
shins all right all right shut up
[Music]
your eyes mr. punch but the front hand
of your hands at your heart chakra deep
breath inhale exhale
deeper breath inhale love Excel fear
hey guys do so funny Foster
[Applause]
