get ready for a total body workout with
tone it up founders karena and Katrina
so grab your dumbbells and grab it girl
let's go
all right at home are you ready hey I'm
ready gotta get ready
all right let's warm it up step it to
the side and bring it arm across your
body here warming the body up now for
those of you at home if you want to do a
modified version my girl Anna is doing
it here got your back and then cat over
here she's gonna be doing some advanced
for let's go whoo let's go five feels
good yeah three two one all right let's
bring our feet together in a squat
position
we're gonna go squat down and up wide
squat down and up other side and up and
down and we got it yeah it's a lot of
coordination with this one too sometimes
I forget that middle mess-up just get
that spot in oh yeah what's our thing
it's when in doubt just squat it out
yeah I like that or if you don't feel
like working out hug yourself
[Laughter]
yeah that's good keep going well you're
making one squad to three squads so
thanks ladies a little extra bonus let's
do it one more to this side and one more
in the middle last little warm-up move
we're gonna step it back in the back
lunge and reach over bring it back step
back and reach nice stretch that side
body all warmed up
whoa gonna balance has been challenging
those abs engaged got it
that's gonna take us into that first
circuit which is gonna be working that
lower body love it one more each side
all right all right so you're good - all
right grab a sip of water whatever you
need and we're gonna get this done I
want to see the reason that you showed
up for this workout today
[Music]
so set an intention right here why did
you show up set it think about that and
then let's go through this whole workout
with that intention so grab one dumbbell
and we're gonna squat and you can hold
it like this or like this goblet squat
step all the way back right here pause
real quick take down make sure your
knees are in line with your ankle you
can see your toes you can wiggle them
drive all your weight into your heels
and stand up squeezing those glutes drop
down exhale way up and home
exhale exhale yes well I've got that
intention right now I'm thinking about
it I love that this is your time your
workout and I want you to put all of
your effort right here because it takes
a lot to arrive in your mouth that's
right if you want it so credit last one
all right this is one of my favorite
moves and if you've never done this
you'll never forget it all right you're
gonna kick stand one toe right behind
you
and just roll your dumbbells down your
shin and then pause right here before
you stand
squeeze your tape ready squeeze the
cheek and then you come up yes we're
getting that core engaged and then come
up
if you're looking at the screen that's
great right now I want you to look down
neutral spine
and really focus on engaging those
glutes beautiful Anna yes it's a smaller
movement but I promise this is one of
the best moves that you can do to really
pop that booty oh I feel that all
through my hands right now so most of my
weight is all in this front leg right
yep so you cannot shade if you want
float that toe yeah off the ground
behind you put it down whoo all right
let's do a few more was really really
good sperm you owe it to yourself I feel
like I can get lower each time - I was
just opening up the backside of that leg
let's do two more two squeeze
last one
all right other side of the butt cheek
love it
kickstand that toe roll that Dumbo right
down your shin and come up and squeeze
belly button is drawn up or tight
squeezing those glutes will protect that
lower back to my favorite thing about
working the glutes and hamstrings the
quads your entire lower body is arrested
a your temperature is higher your
metabolism through the roof and you're
burning calories after the workout this
is recovering good baby buck how you
doing Karina doing good and I can see
you I am you a beating already balanced
both easier greens got the best view in
the house actually right here I was
checking that out squeezing the glutes
you need to set a baby nine months feel
good look cute let's do a few more right
here feeling it this is a silent killer
- you never feel like it's gonna be sore
until the next day yeah
[Music]
last one all right place that dumbbell
down a little quick cardioversion go
down reach and then come up down and pop
it
oh yeah all right let's count down
together keep not home let's go ten nine
eight seven six five - high five oh my
alright grab some water and guess what
love it we get to do that a second time
through later because you can and you
can and you can baby alright do it
goblet what go down before you stand and
please yes I love this move - because
you're gonna add weight you can go
heavier so it's yes universally you can
do it keep getting stronger each time if
you're wondering when to add weight just
think can I do this move a little
heavier and maintain my proper form
that's when you know you can go out it
should be difficult and you should
really really have a hard time in those
last few reps but you should still be
able to maintain your form you can even
start heavier and drop down a little bit
that's the drop set and Kareem and I do
that I'll come another time you love it
to finish this we're gonna drop it down
a little bit all right remark three
and two last one my heart is beating one
girl I know I got some back but here
it's like oh we better roll it on down
you're gonna float that toe up if you
want to advance it go down just as far
if you aren't comfortable soften that
knee squeeze on up
neutral spine you can even find a spot
on the floor in front of you and focus
on that keep the gun
I love this move because with the
kickstand you're not doing double legged
but get the advantage of really working
on your balance and trying to put as
little bit of weight on the back foot as
possible yeah and sometimes if we're not
focused on balancing then we're really
really focused on that muscle oh we're
working yeah so even if you're advanced
and you drop down on that toe you are
doing such an amazing job
two more all right other side core is
engaged roll it on down remember to keep
that dumbbell near your shin to your
lower back right if you reach it far out
you're gonna pay straining right back
out reaching for a pen it's like let us
say maintain really proper form and stay
engaged
how many more Carina five more coming
back here counter
three limit to black on really please
right here and please all right numbers
Cody first-come you know what up let's
go down touch the ground just pause
right here close your eyes think about
that intention three two one and pop up
go
I actually really love this modified
version too I feel like I'm laying track
but you know yeah I can't just keep
going let's count down together and five
four three two hi five bullets
feel the burn boom alright water break
here let that heart rate come down a
little bit here before we go in the next
circuit up Kabaddi
All Right girls if you love working out
with us you love this workout we have a
ton more and the turn up app every kind
of workout you want to do yoga bar
kickboxing dance you don't teach the
dance
you take it really say for me like I'll
just attend that one we couldn't teach
boxing so we brought in the most
incredible boxing vector and then bar
and all those things and then we teach a
lot of the yoga skulls and Tony it's fun
alright so grab your dumbbells ready to
work those biceps yes
alright siphon me curl up you bring it
down and then pick it up to the side and
down
bring those dumbbells up to your
shoulders
can we get down those it always starts
so easy and then it starts to really
burn but leave it lightweight that's the
point i rep scope from that sexy sleek
muscle you got it
how you feeling healing it I think a
bird hey we got a lightweight and you
see here what cats doing a little more
advanced move lifting one of her legs
keeping her abs engaged and working on
that balance as well good job
[Music]
you're my reps here love it
let's go - please last one you got it
alright so now we're going to hinge
forward at the hips drop the weights
palms facing each other we row up and
kick back oh good
and row and kick back awesome great form
here Anna you've done this before whoo
yeah mama so when she's squeezing up
she's really squeezing those shoulder
blades together here we inch and working
those triceps making them pop how you
doing cat okay yes
let it burn okay
[Music]
working those triceps goal from that
sexy back of yours so many muscle groups
are working here with this one
let's do three more rounds
[Music]
that's too
last one we're going into our cardio
Bert's alright so we'll drop the weights
here boom are doing jumping jacks ready
oh yeah let's go
[Music]
sorry you can go intervals three hey one
onion combination with those other
movies my shoulders were on fire for
those days all right round two
ready ready all right grab those weights
and we curl up and out burnout and again
this is another great move that we can
do those drop sets that cat was talking
about start a little heavier work it
down and also all of the workouts on our
app needs at home or while you're
traveling so we get a lot of questions
it's summertime how do I keep working
out when I'm traveling we got to pop
sugar got to this baby baby I fell down
last night how's it going hey honey this
workout yeah I do what'd you guys get I
love it let's do four more rounds we're
at three
antek earning that's what all right you
know what's next
button forward I goes hip drop the wage
poem face them together bring it up kick
it back there you go
so good at home you feeling strong
nothing better than having a nice strong
backside with those arms and shoulders
popping that's the first thing that I
notice about Karina before I met her
yeah she's coming before she put your
posture it opens you up all right what
do you say four more burning
yeah we increase the tone the tempo here
alright ready
jumping jacks jumping jacks let's do it
okay anyone want to do jump squats with
me are you gonna actually do like jumps
tucks and squat no lifts out right this
is gonna keep that metabolism burning
all through the day so good these people
that are modifying too and they do jacks
modify they should really bend the knees
because I feel it so much more in my
quads but I add a little bounce
I always modified yeah jumping jacks
specially in classes mm-hmm thank you
mama house tomorrow take a little break
and we're taking it down to the mat Oh
[Music]
stretch
no time for core all right a little
water just a bit we're gonna do that
you'll learn a lot of water going on the
belly right now squashing around
sloshing okay subscribing I'm gonna
admit something I do not work ABS unless
someone makes me and that's why I do
studio studio toned up makes me do ad so
we are going to do this together
and anytime that you want to do abs you
goes right here so first thing we're
going to go into a boat position you can
grab your dumbbell and I want you to
twist side to side now you'll see Anna
has our heels down and then and hurried
over here their heels up but at any
point that you want to top down your
heels it is okay because you are
isolating the lower abs if you feel in
the hip flexors that's okay cuz it's all
connected don't think that you're doing
it wrong if you feel it here we want
this to be strong to keep it going and
four three two and last one are it nice
that dumbbell
lay down onto your back and don't do
anything right away I'm going to put
your feet up in the air or you can bend
them like Anna I want you to close your
eyes and think about that intention and
add one more thing to it this one thing
that you want for us today
strength empowerment love patience
passion right there all right now you're
going to put your dumbbell up in front
of you and you're gonna reach for that
and you are going to get it right here
right now let's go push
[Music]
exhale on the way up and tall the way
down you can close your eyes keep it
going
three more and three two and last one
who's that dumbbell you can do it turn
around into a plank we got this all
right right here you can bring your legs
a little wider I'm gonna top your
shoulder tap your shoulders while
keeping those hips steady
so if you go like this and move your
hips it's not working those ABS as much
so let's do that one more time
good form keep those hips Teddy and then
to plank jacks tap tap two one tap tap
two one whoa moving those hips Teddy is
the trick with this move right here you
got it yeah keep those hips in line
you got it ring it right here see how
much more challenging that is now with
this move if you want to you can drop
down to those knees okay and then come
out and out whatever you need to do
remember this is your workout your body
your knees your intention your goals one
more right here
yeah back to that boat we're gonna rock
that cardio move to is everywhere of a
nation yeah but I do have to say new
Mama's core strength job and tall Carina
oh my goodness yeah the color you are
think about that leverage leverage
you gotta have way more strengths in
that plane so good job and you gotta
hold up those long legs in this all
right let's go whatever it is that you
think is your struggle I love that myth
dawn right here says this all the time
it is actually your strength so your
strength right now Anna is it you're a
new mom your strength Trina is that
you're tall statuesque whoo and strong
and apart or anything so think about
your strengths right here yeah
and three two two and one lay on back
those are so good
legs in the air close those eyes think
about those goals those intentions
everything and reach right here they are
already yours
you're there and crunch
[Music]
listen to your brass
keep the gun anytime today that you need
to reach that goal do the same breath
focus on it right five more really
really really strong ones here and five
four three last to make them count two
and last one
all right I don't even have to ask them
ready I know you're ready I'm ready
I know you're ready do this alright the
trick right here make sure those feet
are wide enough that you can keep that
core nice and gauged and straight and
then two Japs are here what - and I want
you to go at your own pace
whatever you need you got it yeah whoa
keep those hips steady every single rep
count
[Music]
oh yeah
we should be making all those noises -
yes sound effect actually it is proven
that when you need sound effects
potatoes pain all right let's go through
two more rounds and you are done
[Music]
thank you so much you guys are amazing
so fun here let's just stretch it out a
little now and stay down on your mat
roll back onto your back we're gonna do
figure four so cross your right leg just
under your left knee bring that left leg
in you can thread that needle here nice
glute stretch take some deep breaths as
we allow the body just relax and soak in
everything that we just nerves love body
to just soak in everything that we just
energized it feel good now let's switch
that figure four here Oh what time side
is always waiting for me
[Music]
so good how do you girls feel
mmm-hmm my core is still on fire right
now so I don't feel in that last move I
feel very proud of all of us
I think we've all done really good at
home and here let's release that and
straighten both of your legs and then
grab your left knee bring it in squeeze
it tight and then twist it over to
gazing to the left nice twist here feel
really good
oh I found make sure after this workout
you have some little protein I was just
thinking about a thing me I know I think
I I was thinking one two that's why I
said it like what am I going to my day
revolves around like how am I gonna work
out how am I gonna eat having it I like
let's release that bring it in squeeze
[Music]
you know what I think I'm gonna do
Priscilla
whoops ice cubes coffee vanilla protein
and almond milk
hmm and maybe a banana in there I add a
little avocado for the creamy effects
ooh it's so good yeah that it's good one
more deep breath in together
release that right leg grab your knees
here bring them and get here something
nice squeeze and a hug and say thank you
to your body and then body hold it up do
three roles here on your spine I'm
sizing your back and cross legged here
we're gonna stretch out those triceps
bringing it across your body I like
gonna take post-workout a moment and
just gonna feel see how your entire body
feels and put gratitude and let's
release that died switch sides
and one big stretch overhead and release
your hands are tender thank you so much
for working out with us today
thank you Anna for having us and our
pleasure thank you so much ladies
[Music]
[Laughter]
