hey beautiful people are you ready to
dance and jump it out well I got my girl
Audrey winters here ready to lead us
through a sweat session thanks so much
deja get ready to make it sweaty you
guys with my 30 minute dance cardio
scope are you buddy all right you guys
let's go ahead and get started
I've got DJ over here she'll be going
full out with me today
and then I've got Christina over here
you can look to her for all of your
modifications you guys ready let's go
yeah let's do it
take your feet a little bit wider than
your hips reach your arms to the sky two
counts list two counts on the knees take
a deep breath all the way in through
your nose I want your shoulders down
really intentional breathing here just
to start to let that movement enter your
body one more from here keep it soft
bend in the knees against your side
shoulder roll take it back and back
loosen up beautiful start to find that
connection to your core reverse the
direction around and around make it nice
and big Tara four four three two side to
side left shoulder take it back and back
now a little bit bigger through the legs
here I want you to really power up start
to feel your heart rate rise your body
get warm eight more good your arms out
to at eight feet lift the right arm left
arm sharpens strong like you're slicing
through space give me eight more right
here use the exhale from here right on
sweeps to come spread left arm both are
four times four three two and one right
arm around nice and big warming up your
shoulder and you're over for four three
two give me two more rounds oh I love
this move yeah they're so good
both I'm four times your sport here's
three that's two on one isolations your
chest moves forward and back take it
forward and back to slow and then we'll
pick up that pace a little bit faster
work it up go up you're here first four
three two feet together let's go right
jump it in left enter your body here use
those hips or four four three nice and
sharp through the arm for two holding it
to your right your leg pulls in and in
go for that bigger more expansive
movement here try to take out the bounce
and really work through control
especially through that right thigh fire
up you're here for four birth three for
a to take it left let's eat I'm having
fun over here go oh girl always a good
tug with you last you take it over to
the left send the arms up pull it in and
and use that explosive exhale as the
knee drive in here's eight seven six
five four three two pants to your Chuck
we move left and left all right this is
a really foundational dance cardio move
that we're gonna come to a lot today
let's focus on those tight core and then
drive the hip out and out shoulders away
from the ears let it go
then the left arm to the sky how to pull
go in and in a little twist to feel it
through that left oblique give me eight
jumping jacks right through Center push
long and tall turn up chest open four
three two right hip take it up move
right and right
whew I'm already feeling this one
anymore make it fun make it light on
your toes
let's reach that right up to the sky add
your pull go in and in yes Jennifer main
jumping jacks
here's gate seven we'll add two high
knees and four three two two jacks high
knees take it out out left me right me
up really strong really powerful through
your arms let's get that knee a little
higher last one high knees work it up go
left and right we are almost there keep
fighting for it
whew eight more
six more keep it up keep it up four four
three two and one take your feet wide
arms up let it go
take your hands to the floor leg is
going straight break your right arm all
the way to the sky
take control if you're breathing here
bring that hand back down left him to
this guy gaze up to the
place your hands down bend the knees
slowly roll it up vertebra at a time
whoo how you ladies doing good night all
right heart rate up in high it's a great
warm-up yes
we're gonna keep moving here into your
first big dance cardio sequence bring
your feet together bits pump up to the
sky for jumps right with your feet
together take it up two three four
forward and back all right if you're at
home doing this I want you to have no
expectations just go into it have fun
that's what it's all about
last one
jump your feet side-to-side right
although in
so keep that your lifted your chest up
for more let's add those two moves
together from the top and pump it out
take it forward and back ride on side to
side move left to right double
[Music]
two more
[Music]
left foot out arms go slow medium range
up take it up take it in low medium all
the way up to where with that left
leading leg right leg other side really
sharp with those arms just like we
talked about in your word let's slice
through it two more last one
all right let's slow things down turn
over your shoulder arms up take those
arms pump them back from here take your
arms all the way around walk it to the
other side again up nice and slow pump
it back one more here
and then bring it through Center we're
gonna take that a little bit faster from
the top let's go left arm pump it
forward and back you jump left right
double left foot low medium range high
take it up take it in fast pump it out
all the way through Center right arm Hut
to the side right left double right foot
out
whoa work it out from the top let's go
pump it up only a few more rounds right
here give it all that you've got arms
low push little bit of sauce through
that hip a lot of sauce right here
cotija cannon again to the right Oh pull
lots of resistance behind those arms
jump it up
[Music]
all right you guys work it out there
pull them around enough yeah they'd be
less yeah left arm yeah right to that
feet take it to the snow much fun so
much fun
alright and it let's move into a full
body place the greens will turn to face
the side well let's go through it slow
to start you'll bring your hands down
right underneath your shoulders that's
or jump back into your plank position
bring these back in and then reach your
arms up to the sky lift ticket info down
back pull it in lift it up now remember
through the sequence you've got
Christina to watch for any of your
modifications right here holding it in
your plank settling here for Pike your
hips up
hold your plane just low mountain
climbers right knee is less weak
all right soften up those elbows and off
of your chest eyes out
give me an 84 explosive breathing really
strong for four three let's run it out
20 seconds big foot eight more
six more yoker oh yes four three two
from the top let's get it in arms up
take it down
jump it up in arms up down jump it back
now it's a great time to remind yourself
that this burn is temporary and will
last forever look at it all you've got
right now while you pin a board last two
last one taking your hands down jump
your feet back walk it through your
forums bike your hips to the sky to take
it up for two and down for two such a
good time to find your focus to find
that driving force you made it way too
far to give up stay with me stay with me
two more last one hold your blink then
journeys right cuddle left maybe try to
flip the toes up to the sky shoulders
down
long spine from the head to the heel
eight more
six more one final push in four three
two and one hold your legs straight
drive your belly open and shoulders down
we're here first four three two and one
Child's Pose knees wide chest down
Army's long take a second slowly roll
your body up shoulders down and back sip
of water before we get into our next
cardio sequence let's get into it you
guys the same thing is the fourth slot
that was movement on as we go along
let's begin left heel j.crew to right yo
dick for to side to side single Single
Double
again dig for to take virtue double
blocks around right here
[Music]
step your foot across take it across
I'll change it back you yeah Nathan fine
a little kick ball change in there
I know okay we gotta love it last you
adding on right foot jump it up pump
that left foot down down I got
[Music]
let's take it from the top adding on
take birth to take birth to single
single double sharp through those arms
again
[Music]
I'm alright step ball change get in
right foot pump it out one more
adding on in - good - thank you guys
let's do we're gonna make it a party
yeah alright pop sugar party three of
these take it back adding on and shoes
adding on in one hold that turn over
your shoulder again
push
Oh bear shoulder you pop your foot dig
dig arms up
stick your dick Armey's up two more now
arm up to the sky guys got it from the
top let's get it pick a little shoulder
I press through that y'all push again
chin up
that's open let that confidence exude
through your movement step ball change
across it let's take that heel four
corners push push I got other side
[Applause]
stick around let's prove it work it back
last one hold it over your shoulder big
turn now step your foot out go down down
arms up use the hip arm up push butch
one more time let's go dig her to dig
for to press press let's go squash all
right let's take your left foot forward
arm up to the sky melts all the way
forward nice pick up steps let it go
shoulders down
on your exhale move forward slowly roll
it up other side we go hot melt forward
let it go moving right here we're gonna
work with resistance no way to tone
those arms today help your left heel in
bring your feet together left arm left
foot you open up pull it in open up
pull it in really sharp and strong to
the arms like you're moving through
water other side go push pull it in
it's almost imagine you're holding a
heavy weight here as you press in full
hold your feet out just your arms shift
side to side with the head we'll pick up
that pace in four three two hold it
center little faster up and open now
connect to your core long and tall
through the midline ribcage closed
try to keep your elbows up head shoulder
height adding on in four three two add
that press stuff go open open front
oh I'm feeling it already you guys me
too girl Oh two more last one hold the
arms in at 90 just press and press
little marches out through your feet
roll those shoulders down the back
try to make it as sharp as you can eight
more strong here's eight seven six five
four three go data to come on one hold
your arms up take your feet wide bend
your knees jump into your white bucket
at absent heavy tailbone left my left
heel isn't it left arm left heel close
it at two more whoa other side so we're
gonna get deep into those sides as we
continue to build the burn through your
arms last you I'm going on together
pokeo let's go oh if you weren't feeling
it yeah I know now what you are
they're definitely feeling it now four
more and you drop one inch lower into
your thigh
last two from here hold the feet flat
arms out we sweep to a lunge left comes
second lunge left come second now this
is moving a little too fast for you feel
free to slow it down you guys take it at
your own pace something that feels good
for you all about working smarter not
necessarily harder hold it over to your
lunge just slows down and down all right
let's go from to be an advanced option
can you write to that stretch
tippy toe I think you can have you send
the arms all the way up to the sky
shoulders and hips tucked up tight whoo
give me eight more right here that's
eight yeah baby
five four three two stay low lower that
heel arms forward open up to your wide
second other side lunge through come
Center so little pulse in each direction
here these down down two more holding it
to the side pulse it tempo down and down
baby rides to that front tippy-toes how
you take the arms up to the sky go for
it see what happens push it out eight
more here's eight seven six five four
three two on one lower that heel open
back up to your white second maybe rise
your tippy toes
we'll post our right here 20 seconds to
finish down and down now roll your
shoulders down row one inch longer
taller feel those side burn out give me
eight more strong you're eight seven six
five four three hang on
two on one hold it low feet flat arms to
90 little hinge from the waistline go in
out it out whoo getting right into your
last stealing exercise right here in
four three two feet wide
that's speed run it up you run it up now
lengthen out your spine pull your abs up
in and shoulders down one inch deeper
eight more
therefore four three two feet together
arms up standing cuts right left double
right now put those arms up like you
mean it really shirt pulled down through
the cork thing exhale exhale
last one let's take the feet wide let's
go in and in this is your second round
of three the second you think about
giving up at home you guys try to
rethink get set no limits on yourself
there are no limits that exists here
hold it out push a little bit sharper
one inch slower whoo eight more there's
eight here's Nick work four three two
feet together arms up let's pulse
single single double single Single
Double
two more last one alright final push a
little shorter little sweeter out in out
in how you doing over there Jesus I'm
holding on yeah we're getting sweaty we
don't call it sweat sessions or Nothing
you guys yeah keep it up we are here for
four for three for two feet by five feet
run it up push push
one inch deeper we're gonna finish the
sequence right here right now give me
all you've got come on we're gonna hear
is eight seven that's three six five
four three two and one reach arms up big
breath in on your extra melt all the way
forward shake your head yes shake it
soften up your knees let me grab onto
your elbows let your head just hang you
heavy maybe it's a side-to-side release
the arms and roll it up vertebra at a
time before we move on let's bring that
right hill into your booty soften up
your left knee firm to the sky
find your balance take control of your
breath that's a great time to hit reset
we've still got a lot of work ahead of
us shake it off oh I'm long and tall
stuffing up your standing leg heavy
tailbone shoulders down
deep breath in
let it go shake it off got this Knutson
bring em to work it up alright we've got
our match now let's come down to them
and get into those booty oh yeah all
right start with your right side so
you're gonna take your right hand down
and then turn over your shoulder I want
your knee directly underneath your hip
and then lift up and through your side
body you'll take your leg a little more
for it on the diagonal reach the arm
long overhead float your leg up to
around hip height
abs tight pull the knee slowly into
elbow 4 to extend for to think really
slow really controlled here just so you
start to build that burn and find the
feel
I want all alignment all focus on your
core and on your outside tip your seat
is that we call it embark up one more
slow two keywords expand and contract
pull it in take it out pull it in take
it out lots of stability working for
your side body here try to soften up
that elbow just like deja here lifting
up through that side body beautiful
about Christina with an awesome
modification give me four more strong
here's four here's three solder down for
two on one take your leg and arm forward
little lifts bring it up and know it
doesn't matter how high the leg is just
toe straight it is 15 seconds here how's
it feeling you guys good
burning is good burn getting deep into
those booties eight more strong then we
come on down and here's eight seven
breathe into your body connect to that
burn for four four three two keep your
leg up we'll come down onto your forearm
and then box out your arm pull the knee
in and out those continue to work in
that turned up position we always want
they are facing up to the sky
and then driving energy up to the crown
of your head stay connected to your
breath inhale exhale now the stronger
you hold your core the better I don't
really want a lot of you measure those
hips through your low back things are
really isolated through the length of
the seat well the knee to the elbow
little pulses in tempo ticketed and in
sync exhale exhale make it sharp make it
tight then as always make it intentional
give me eight more strong we come to
both form in four three two on one keep
your leg up parallel your arms send your
leg back and flex your foot pull the
knee in and out so we're just working to
maintain that burn as we move along
same thing is before it's not about how
high the leg is I just really want you
to find that connection to your core
beautiful Christina so good hamstring
curl drive in and contracted the entire
back side of your leg give me four more
here
three more last two hold your heel into
your booties press it up sharp and tight
Achilles add up rock it out
whoo hips shoulders square stay
connected to that breath fire up right
through your glue you have one more push
on this side and then we
just give it all you've got you guys
eight more here than you come to your
hands work it out here's eight seven six
five four three two hold your leg up
come back up to your hand reach that
opposite arm forward
send your leg straight point your toe
arm in legs together 20 seconds sharp
and long lift take it up and this is how
we get really deep into that seat work
to get it lifted work to get it tight
all you've got eight more songs
here's eight seven six five rest and
four three two and one
take your knees wide let your chest melt
down nice booty but I like that yes
slowly roll your body up let's turn to
face the hands forward knees a little
wider than your hips pull your abs and
flex your hands shoulders down lift your
booty up one count
take it up set it down just giving the
arms and the risk the break while we
tone those sides two more from here hold
up low arms forward hips circle right
and right reverse the direction around
and around oh my goodness and one more
changer than you're out let that booty
hover right on your heels
four more arms up to your SkyDrive your
hips warmer tempo go forward and forward
15 seconds take a deep breath in a deep
breath out little Scheffer little bigger
eight more here's eight seven let's do
five four three three three two and one
well my favorite number is three but I
don't know if I like that all right
let's get into that other side for your
booty work so flip on over we'll start
facing front taking that leg long on the
diagonal remember up and through your
side body reach your arm long leg lifted
knee to elbow slow things down go in for
to take it out for to really sharp here
through your core expand and reach as
long as you can pick up your pace little
faster go in and out take it take it out
all right you guys second side second
chance to work a little bit deeper to
get a little more connected to you and
your body
fire up last two arm and leg in front of
you lifted up tempo work it out up and
through soften up your elbow shoulders
down core tight get along get it high
here's eight seven six five four three
work to keep that leg lifted come to
your hand drop to your forearm abs tight
knee to elbow one count go in take it up
pull it in take it out
remember minimal movement in your low
spine here keep the core really engaged
in unison working with your seat for
more Sena send that leg long on the back
side on the last two hold the knee into
your elbow little drive in in an
impulsive in my girl Cristina doing over
there I'm feeling fierce yeah this girl
Chloe you got me lifted yes give me
eight more strong than your on your
forearms here's eight seven can you feel
sent me a little bit higher here's four
three two on one drop the cheer forms
everything Square to your mat flex your
foot leg go straight take it out pull it
in give yourself another chunk of your
hips drop your tailbone down to the
heels rather than up to the sky
shoulders down think about pressing
energy through the forms through the
hands into your mat and then pull up and
through your core hold your heel into
your seats we stood up 20 seconds up and
up whoa
my peach is gonna be sore after this are
sore and wanting more all right we come
to your hands for your left pushing
ain't working out here's eight seven six
five four sharper three two on one hold
your leg up prop yourself back to your
hands send the leg straight points a toe
opposite arm out little lift and lift
all you've got take it home right right
through it you guys reach the arm long
reach the leg long soften up your elbow
core tight then off your chest long and
strong here's eight seven six
lean it out push for it here's four
three two
take a second let your chest melt
through the legs took a long deep breath
in on your melt for it I'm very
slowly roll your body up all right my
girl let's slip on over and work in your
abs so go ahead flip over lay all the
way back here on your match stick your
legs long out in front of you pointing
through your toes reach your arms
overhead we'll sweep the arms to lift
opposite leg
two counts to get up for two reach back
for two lower
Christina coming in hot with those
modifications and always just keep the
legs on the floor Dasia and I going to
put up full teaser that full extension
all the way baby yeah
four more I want little to no momentum
here so you really rely on your core to
get you up to control you down two more
last one both legs together to a
tabletop to get up for two reach back
for two lower you can always keep your
feet flat maybe for an advanced option
you we're taking those like straight
wherever you're at today in your workout
in your practice to more strong hold it
up into yes Christina last one
hold it up bend the knees hands behind
your head we twist
got a hold those hips still use just
your court jester Center bring it out
elbows wide eyes up here's eight here's
the sec so you joined Asia amazing or no
breathing two and one roll it all the
way back here oh yeah
alright there's just your first round
placing your left foot down take your
right leg up to the sky raise your hand
to your side elbow wide lift the
shoulders knee to elbow you extend split
it take it out pull it in really sturdy
drive your hands down into the floor to
stabilize your side body focusing on
those obliques
two more arm and legs straight add your
reach you take it out reach it up take
it up reach it up four more right here
that's four three we switch sides in
shape and one work to keep the shoulders
high switch arms switch leg leg long
Meeta elbow one count go twist take it
out think about driving your low spine
down and chairmat working for the
six-pack abs
summer apps are made in spring am i
right am i right yeah two more arm in
leg long one can I reach it curl up
separate pull it in take it out stay
strong you guys you're approaching your
final finish for your core work your
score here's three that's to keep your
shoulders up on one leg is up three
reach left to right right to left maybe
take your leg up a little bit lower keep
reaching the hand past your ankle do
your best you've made it this far so now
it's definitely not the time to give up
20 seconds push and push seven five four
three two and one
rest your head pull your knees in oh let
it go take your legs long-term at
bringing the hands to the side just
start to let everything fall open close
your eyes take a long deep breath in and
exhale out
that's cool down ladies carefully pull
your knee into your chest wiggle out
your ankle your toes
work to keep the crown of the head the
spine the shoulders glued to your mat
take the leg across the body arm out
very slowly twist as you gaze over your
shoulder working on taking back control
of your breath long deep breaths in and
out carefully drive it through Center
all right flex your foot fold your knee
and grab behind the thigh gently pull
the legs into your chest opening up your
hips so you got after all that seed work
on your exhale switch sides and you're
like lung either neaten we're gonna let
your toes your ankle maybe massage out
your head very slowly take the leg all
the way across arm
I'll carefully bring it back through
Center fold your knee and flex your feet
reach your hands behind your thigh
gently pull the legs in all right from
here let me pull both of your knees into
your chest
rock and roll maybe you can forth side
to side then finds the momentum to rock
it all the way up we'll turn to face
front take your legs wide into a second
position flex your feet arms come out
reach that left arm all the way up and
over to the right and then nice and very
grown leaves turn to face your leg nose
to knee slowly carefully roll your body
up other arm reach it all the way up and
over melting into your stretch turn to
face your leg nose to your knee Square
your shoulders off to your thigh
and then carefully slowly roll your body
up one final stretch here walk your arm
is long out in front of you
now it's such a good time to release any
tension any stress you're still holding
in on your body let it go through your
breath on your exhale very slowly roll
your body up I'll come on to all fours
and work our way to standing hands under
your shoulders knees underneath your
hips take your spine to your sky let
your chest fall your head fall press
through your hands soften up your elbows
a nice big feel good stretch here open
up your chest shoulders down once again
spine to your sky is flowing through
cat-cow connect to your breath press
through arch the low back shoulders down
just open and lifted find a neutral
spine curl your toes under press into a
downward dog even massaging out the
backs of the legs peddling through the
heels shoulders down and then when
you're ready soften up both of your
knees walk your feet into your hands and
then very slowly vertebrae at a time
roll it up your head is the very last
thing to lift shoulders down at the top
yes you made it sweaty today
