hi I'm Claudia Webb and I have a power
yoga class designed to tone your core
while strengthening and lengthening your
entire body this sweat tea session is
presented by yoga this workout is
inspired by yoga detox tea so if you've
been feeling tired or out of balance
this workout will leave you recharged
all right let's get started so we're
gonna have a modifications by tarah and
we're gonna have super weber version by
christophe and i'll be doing a lot in
between the two so I just want you to
listen to your body and do what feels
good let's get started in Child's Pose
so come onto your mat bring your knees
hip distance a little bit wider than hip
distance apart and sit your hips back
take a deep inhale and exhale melt your
heart between your thighs and just sway
from side to side inhaling and exhaling
just take this moment to relax go ahead
and find stillness take a deep inhale
and exhale fire it up another deep
inhale and exhale fire slowly round up
one vertebra at a time put your hands
underneath your shoulders tuck your toes
bring your hips your knees hip distance
apart we're gonna come into tabletop
engage your core navel to your spine
relax your shoulders away from your ears
chin to chest
bow your back foot cat and Archer cap
again around the cap and arch for cap
start to circle your head and your hips
around - organic movement on your nut
feeling good and then go the opposite
way
feeling your Street even though we're
moving slowly just feeling that
connection to your breath and come back
Spencer tucking your toes under lift
your hips for a downward-facing dog
bend your right knee and your left shift
your hips from side to side feel good it
feels to move spread your fingers wide
slowly walk yourself to the front of
your mat inhale lengthen exhale bend
your knees a lot grab opposite elbows
and just let your head hang
bouncing gently from side to side
completely let go you want to straighten
your legs a little bit ahead a little
intensity go ahead and straighten your
legs and just again just let all your
thoughts colors.you gently bouncing off
football people slowly relax your hands
down and round up bend your knees one
vertebra at a time come all the way up
to the top inhale your arms up and above
your head when your toes together to
touch hands to heart center take this
moment to close your eyes and set your
intention for your practice what do you
want to bring more of into your life
maybe strength maybe play maybe softness
whatever it is take a deep inhale and
exhale spill it in every cell of your
body
we're gonna start with Sun Salutation a
relax your hands down by your side
inhale your arms up above your knee
exhale forward fold inhale lengthen
halfway exhale step back to plank you
have option to modify here you can bring
your knees down and come through the
cold one oh just go straight to Cobra
inhale just gonna warm up your spine
inhale it keep the pelvis grounded
inhale and down this time if you want to
press up to upward facing dog tuck your
toes and press up otherwise just do
another colburn feel good and then
downward facing dog straight back up
bend your knees and make it there
whenever you're ready katti deep inhale
and exhale sigh it out another deep
inhale and exhale sigh it out
come up high on your tippy toes bend
your knees look between your hands and
step or hop to the front of your mat
inhale lengthen halfway exhale forward
fold inhale all the way up pigs exhale
hands to heart center and down by your
side Sun Salutation B we're gonna bend
our knees come really low fingertips
touching the floor inhale the arms up
for that nice deep chair slowly bring
your hands to heart center and twist to
the right use your elbow to really twist
the torso all the way from the navel up
to through the
option to spread your arms wide looking
down foregrounding or unfold slowly
bring the palms back together if you
separate them inhale arms up for chair
stay low hands to heart center let's
twist through the other side again use
the elbow to twist the torso option to
stay here or spread your arms wide okay
looking down ground your look up if you
have your balance and really work on
opening the heart and turn back to
Center chair pose
inhale all the way up extended mountain
exhale fall for let it all go inhale
lengthen halfway exhale bend your knees
and step back as you flow through your
vinyasa and if you don't like vinyasa
you can just step back to downward
facing dog
so you can step back do the modified
version with tar or the advanced version
with puff out or just skip it all
together and breathe and downward facing
dog
if you feel that connection and that
grounding is honoring your body honoring
where you are deep inhale exhale sigh it
up bring your toes together to touch
right leg high to the sky look high up
on that left toe need to know step it
all the way through full warrior one we
round that back heel down first inhale
the arms up feel the energy exhale take
the hands down step that foot back flow
through your vinyasa or just shift back
to downward facing dog
remembering your modifications or just
really rocking it out feel good and then
flow to that space
toes together to touch left leg hi to
the staff ship the wait for it needs a
nose stop that foot through go round the
back heel down inhale lift arms up
warrior one
exhale take the hands down load the
urban yourself or just step back
breathing through each movement taking
your time once you get into
downward-facing dog do your checks
rotate the eyes or the elbows forward
spread the fingers wide and melt your
heart towards your thighs take a deep
inhale and exhale set it up come up high
up on your toes bend your knees step or
hop to the front of your mat inhale
lengthen halfway exhale fold inhale
chair pose bend your knees arms are up
extended Mountain come all the way up
maybe even a slight backbend at the top
exhale hands to heart center and down by
your side all right we're gonna do our
get loved up flow see variation chair
pose nice big sweep of the arms up good
and exhale forward fold inhale lengthen
halfway exhale flow through your vinyasa
or just step it back and if you're just
stepping it back with me you can also
come in child Charles pose if you need a
little breather here because we're gonna
start moving toes together to touch
right leg comes high to the sky bend the
knee open the hip look underneath the
right armpit come high up on that left
tail option to stay here or drop that
foot behind you inhale lift the hips for
a wild thing breathe exhale lower the
hip right leg comes high to the sky
beautiful shift the weight forward need
to know stuff it all the way through
back knee is down for a low lunge
inhale the arms up exhale hands to heart
center and twist to your right again
using that elbow to twist your torso
we're detoxing now all right option two
keep your hands at heart center or
spread your arms wide or finer why so
find what feels good in your body and
just breathe through that point inhale
arms up exhale plant your hands down
scoot your toes up two or three inches
shift your hips back for our to Hanuman
a half split inhale lengthen exhale milk
go ahead and let your head go if this is
a lot on your knee go ahead and bend
your knee and just melt your heart onto
your thigh always okay to modify always
okay to pull back just a little bit
whenever you need to make sure you just
feel confident and relaxed wherever
you're moving slowly plant your hands
down bring your right foot back to meet
your left and flow through your vinyasa
and if you want to be superwoman to rock
out a couple push-ups you can every one
of these faces we need you to soften and
strengthen and be flexible all the
things come together to touch love leg
high to the sky bend the knee open the
hip look underneath the left armpit
again option to stay here just a
lengthening or drop that foot behind you
coming into a wild thing inhale lift the
hips exhale lower and health at like
high to the sky need a no-step it all
the way through low lunge back knee is
down inhale lift up arms up exhale hands
to heart center and twist to your left
using that
to twist the torso this always feels
good option to spread your arms wide or
find the bun
[Music]
anytime you want to intensify any pose
you can always just close your eyes see
if you can find stillness without seeing
without knowing inhale arms up turn to
center exhale plant your hands down
scoot the toes up two or three inches
shift the hips back half split inhale as
you lengthen exhale lead with your heart
and then relax your head down breathe
nice and easy
close your eyes see if you can soften
even more into the pose not forcing your
body but just allowing it to release
with every exhale you find yourself
multi and deeper and deeper into the
moment
[Music]
slowly bending to the front knee bring
the left foot back to meet your right
slowly your vinyasa adding whatever you
like
modified was just here you can also do
that or just below the your vinyasa or
just we didn't patient dr. Phil about
being happy and flowing in whatever way
feels good to your body good let's take
a deep inhale together exhale sigh it
out come up high up on your tippy toes
bend your knees step or hop to the front
of the mat inhale halfway exhale fold
inhale bend the knees triple from here
we're gonna bring the hands down we're
gonna step the left foot back foot press
in inhale the arms up come deep into
that front knee make sure your knee is
right over your foot so if you need to
scoot that front toe up just a little
bit but you're sitting state straight
down engage the core palms facing each
other just feel into that Crescent pose
you got this good
but now slowly bring your hands to heart
center and modify bring it down to the
floor otherwise it bends just go
straight into warrior three find the
balance you might shake a little bit
like me but find your core balance flex
that back foot and if you fall down hop
right back into it good square those
hips down to the floor and that me is
nice and juicy on the front good now
from here we're going to transition from
warrior three to Half Moon so bring the
right hand down stack the hips left foot
goes hot now to modify you can bring
that front knee a lot or tap down as
much
you need to again find what feels good
in your body look down for balance or up
for a challenge
couple more breaths here legs are
shaking - dude good deep bend in the
front knee step it all the way back to
warrior two
windmill the arms around gaze over the
front palm there you go beautiful gaze
over your back hand make sure it's
straight out from your shoulder and then
back over the front come down and that's
like me make sure it's parallel to the
ground and let's reverse the way come
back to warrior two straighten the front
leg reach out over the front toe
triangle pose again day gaze down for
balance or up for advantage relaxing the
shoulders away from the ears in each
pose then triangle were pressing the
hips back engaging the core and
lengthening from every point so
grounding and rooting through the feet
as you rise through the arm and the hand
stretching up towards the sky one more
right here
and then shifting in the Putney back to
warrior two and we'll mail the hands
down into the lunge and flow through
your vinyasa rock out your push-ups or
just step back to downward facing dog
whatever feels good in your body just
find it and just breathe if you need to
take a little breather feel free to come
to Charles pose and just say this time
I'm gonna take a break for next time
okay to take a break in between we got a
whole nother side so just listen to your
body alright now we're all gonna meet
the horn facing dog
deep inhale exhale sigh it out come high
up on your tippy toes
bend your knees step or hop to the front
of the mat inhale lengthen exhale inhale
chair pose bring the arms up exhale
bring your hands down and this time just
step back with that right foot for
Crescent and how the arms up engage the
core bring your torso back over your
hips bend into that front knee feel that
stretch in the front of your thigh this
is your power pose so feel confident and
fierce in this pose shoulders away from
the ears lift your heart maybe even a
slight backbend hold good beautiful now
for the transition slowly gather
yourself hands to heart center put your
hands down and modify if you need to
otherwise really juicy in that back knee
find that core engagement as you move
into warrior three shoulders away from
your ears you got this hold it there
flex that back foot juicy pin in the
I need to stabilize your balance hold it
oh yeah my hip is feeling it too love
that bird we love it slowly bring your
left hand down your right hand up stack
the hips now we can stretch it out just
a little bit bring that top leg looking
down for balance I slowly turn the gaze
up for a challenge
reaching through the fingertips and the
paint hold it there modifiers needed to
but we're gonna transition again Bend
that front knee we're gonna win the Oh
big step back into warrior two it takes
practice y'all alright gaze over the
back hand make sure the back hand is
coming straight off on the shoulders and
then go ahead and melt into that front
knee as you gaze over the front
fingertips or your - one more breath
here
windmill reverse your warrior keep that
banana front knee exalted warrior just
breathe
back to warrior to straighten the front
leg
we taught over the front so triangle
pose again press all that weight into
the back hip great I hope you're feeling
great at home ladies feel good I feel
good
we're gonna come on out of that bend
into the front knee good now we're gonna
parallel the free so bring the toes to
the front toes are in heels are out
clasp your hands behind your back
open our and inhale bring the arms back
out to your side then the knees a lot
hands on your hips slowly fold forward
wild leg forward foot plant your hands
down inhale lengthen and exhale now let
it go you can do a little gentle balance
here and sway to the side feels so good
to throw
[Music]
good find stillness in the center and
plant your hands down as you turn your
heels in bend your knees generously
we're gonna come up for a goddess pose
so take your time you can bring your hip
heels down or you can come up on those
heels good you might want to shorten
your stance a little bit if you feel
like you can't get on your heels but
once you can make it up just sit in the
feet and it might burn a little bit but
you know what sometimes things are hard
and you just have to sit in it and build
your confidence build your strength feel
your endurance and then you let go hands
up oh yeah we fill in the fire inhale
even halfway turn back to the front of
your mat now we're gonna start cooling
it down step to the back go ahead and
bend your knees and walk that slip style
from side to side I got a little treat
for you right leg comes up knee to nose
bring that knee between your hands for
that juicy pigeon inhale this my
favorite pose exhale heart forward hands
underneath your forehead completely let
it go take a deep inhale and exhale say
no it's okay to wiggle from side to side
feel how good it feels just to release
that hips after all of that work and
that powerful flow now we get to relax
we get to come home and settle down
another deep inhale units insider
[Music]
start to let your heart rate come down
you'll probably feel like beating on
your at the heart rate go ahead and
plant your hands down and press yourself
up we're just gonna switch sides I'll
tuck that back toe under press back into
downward facing dog walkers hips up just
a little bit to feel the difference from
one side to the other with a FET left
leg high to the sky you need to know is
bring that knee all the way through your
hands and looking from side to side as
you find your position inhale lift and
lengthen to the spine exhale melt your
heart and then your head hands
underneath your forehead to relax deep
inhale and exhale just let go
we often store a lot of emotions in our
hips so just doing this pose even just
before bed just bringing that knee up
and just relaxing can release a lot of
tension from sitting from driving it's
always good to release tension every
single day you can actually do this flow
every single day another deep inhale and
it's all for me
[Music]
all right slowly plant your hands down
bring that leg back downward facing dog
I got another little treat for you you
can decide whether you like it or not
whether you consider it sweeter sassy
well we're gonna come into plank these
are called plank elevators you can do
them modified on your knees or you can
do a full we're gonna come down to the
forearms and back up that's a nice core
work for arms and back up keep your core
strong make sure you're it's unlisted
but no slouching in the hips but finding
that again modify however you think you
need to just breathing into each move
finding what feels good and stopping in
Pike whenever you need to but give me a
couple more if you got it into you and
if you want to make it a little bit
harder for yourself for your last couple
go ahead and do that too and I hope
you're smiling because we're going over
here and honey alright everyone come
back up the plank
ships the hips back to downward facing
dog take a deep inhale oh yeah breather
inhale exhale sigh Anna hurts so good
yeah nice come a high up on the tippy
toes step forward halfway on your mat
we're gonna sit it down we're gonna take
it the opposite way for a little while
go ahead and come into boat pose you can
do a modified shins parallel to the
ground
whatever you want to go advanced go
ahead and straighten those legs with me
good option to stay here or let's lower
down to half boat
and then back up two more just like that
lower down and back up one more down and
hold it up hold hold engage shoulders
away from the ears slowly bend your
knees lower your feet and scoot your
hips here Heels we're gonna prep for
bridge pose
engage your core around your back flow
down one vertebra at a time as you lay
down plant your hands down move your
heels all the way back - you can feel
your heels with your fingertips as you
plant your hands down inhale lift your
hips for bridge pose
take a deep inhale and exhale sigh it
out you can sway your hips from side to
side have a little fun with this part
we're gonna cool it on down and then
find stillness slowly lower your hips
bring your feet to the sides of your mat
knees together right hand over your
heart left hand over your abdomen oh
yeah we've been moving so take a moment
just to Center in and feel your
heartbeat and just have a moment of
gratitude that your heart is beating
some people didn't see today just let
that gratitude flow through your body
for just being alive being well take a
deep inhale and exhale we're gonna do
another one you have an option to go a
little more advanced this time plant
your hands down parallel your feet and
your knees and slowly inhale lift your
hips for bridge pose option to stay here
or plant your hands by your ears if you
want to go up for real inhale lift
through you
oh yeah and hold it there or you can
walk your feet towards your hands
hamster droopy come up on your toes I
can lift the heart melt the heart ha
melt your heart toward your arms open up
you got this good breathe here
a couple more breaths just feel the
sensation flow through your body as you
lift your heart one more press soldier
on one more time and then slowly come
out just as slow as you came in walking
your hands lowering your heels and then
slowly lowering down to your back feet
to the outside of the mat knees together
left hand over the heart right hand over
your abdomen take a deep inhale and
exhale another deep inhale and exhale
relax go ahead and bring your knees into
your chest gently rock from side to side
good bring your knees all the way in
feet up to the sky for a happy baby go
ahead and rock from side to side just
massaging out the spine from those back
bends good oh it was my favorite the
baby's got it right you know they know
what to do option to stay here or grab
your toes and come into what I call
extreme happy baby keep rocking from
side to side as we start to finish our
practice just take your time close your
eyes as much as possible and just listen
to your breath and feel your body easily
if it's still trembling - still
trembling - are you guys trembling steel
all right bring your knees together when
your right knee into the chest and
lengthen your left leg long keep the
left leg in gaze the left foot flex and
let's just circle the right foot
and then circle the opposite direction
[Music]
and go ahead and extend that leg up
towards the sky grabbing on behind the
thigh the cap or you can take your peace
fingers and grab it like so
engage your core bring your forehead to
the knee to lengthen your swing and then
slowly relax the head down
and then slowly relax the right leg to
the right as you turn your head to the
left
be very gentle with your legs you don't
have to force it then slowly bend that
knee and bring it to Center give it a
little kiss and then take it all the way
over for a spinal push back your
shoulders stacking on top of that left
shoulder take your on the opposite
direction of your knee and then gaze the
opposite direction of you need the free
chiropractic adjustment is right here
right now expect multiple time slowly
bring that knee back into your chest and
we're just going to switch side so left
knee in
right leg is long engage that right leg
and thigh flex that right foot and just
circle the left foot around and then
circle around the opposite way go ahead
and send that leg towards the sky
grabbing on behind the thigh the cap or
take your peace fingers and grab the big
toe wherever you are in age bringing the
forehead to the knee to lengthen your
spine and slowly rocks down bring the
left leg out to the left as you turn
your head to the right just allow
gravity to do the work here no forcing
just close your eyes and
[Music]
slowly bend that knee bring it back into
the chest give it a little kiss and take
it all the way I love that I can hear
the kids showing any love yes Zack your
body on the right shoulder this time
knee is all the way down and then take
the arm and take it the opposite way
take a deep inhale and exhale relax go
ahead and close your eyes enjoy being
here now I'm not worrying about anything
that happened before or after it's just
settling into this moment slowly bring
that knee back into your chest center
yourself on your mat cross your ankles
Rock forward and back and rock yourself
all the way out so comfortable seated
position we're going in get in there a
little meditation rhythm in shavasana so
because they feed it and just breathe
otherwise bring your feet to the corner
of your mat go ahead and come back on
your elbows as you lower yourself all
the way down with your feet fall out
palms up inhale lift the chest and relax
squeeze the gluts and relax squeeze your
thighs and relax we'll do your fingers
wiggle your toes inhale and exhale
completely relax your entire body and I
want you to do is scan from your head
all the way to your toe and just let
your body melt into this moment feel
your body feeling up with the golden
light of the Sun let it energize you let
it feel you and no matter what has
happened to you no matter what you've
been told you are loved let that love
vibration radiate through every cell of
your body take a deep inhale and exhale
take it inhale hold the breath and
exhale slowly wiggle your fingers will
go to your toes bring your knees into
your chest gently rock from side to side
and rock over to your right side and
take a moment here just to settle use
your left hand to press yourself up to a
comfortable seated position and again
you can stay here longer and meditate
I'm gonna have me some yogi tea and
meditate for a little while longer
just to continue the detox and I hope
you really love this workout please
leave in the comments below what you
thought about the workout and I look
forward to seeing you soon namaste
