[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hi guys this is Renier pollard and i'm
here with a 30 minute cardio hint
workout get ready to sweat let's do this
okay guys I got Britney on my right
that'll be doing modifications and
Mikaela on my left who will be trying to
stay with me and I wish you a lot of
luck okay we're all gonna get down on
the ground and we're gonna start with
some active warmup
we're gonna go down dog hips up to the
sky nice deep breath push the ground
away inhale hips high high high exhale
and a lunge stretch that one foot as far
forward as you can try almost emulate an
up dog with your upper body as you put
that leg forward inhale hips high
exhale alternating those legs now you
can speed the motion up depending on how
your body is feeling and how low you'd
like to put this right now I'm really
enjoying that lunge stretch so I want to
slow it down inhale high and exhale
forward I know some of you come into
these workouts already warmed up so
maybe you want to move a little bit
faster and for the entire video if
that's who you want to be if you want to
be the one moving a little faster I
applaud you
please be that person let's get our last
one here exhale forward use that breath
inhale back up and let's lie down for
our next activity now we're gonna go to
a nice simple Superman swim where I want
you to emulate you're in the ocean
you're paddling with those arms you're
squeezing that butt and flutter kicking
those legs now some of our intervals
today are gonna be around 40 seconds
others are gonna be a quick 20 seconds
with a little 10 second rest if you know
me which you should you know how'd you
those intervals a lot okay rest that's
that first one now right now you wanted
to go to a quick Child's Pose you got
five more seconds to do so if not we're
just
gonna look down at the ground keeping
that comfortable you get right back to
that soon so I'm reaching as far forward
as I can and my other hand is going to
the back of my booty trying to stay high
the back of my hand is also staying high
to the sky and getting a little bit more
work from my upper back in that shoulder
blade area and rest very nice now we're
gonna go right back to the down dog this
time not a lunge stretch we are going to
drive the knee under the body so abs in
hips up high inhale exhale drive that
knee underneath the chest and continue
to all check so it's this part of the
workout that we're starting it to get
into more of that aerobic setting I want
you to start to make the rate of your
movement pick up a bit honestly and this
workout if you just keep it moving I
promise your heart rate will go up so if
it's your first time doing it you don't
have to focus on speed focus on the form
get acquainted with the movements and
your second time around
you can speed it up right away
okay drifting forward and back don't
take time to adjust your shirt you're at
home okay no one cares let it fall
that's all good
love yourself love your body okay y'all
let's rest that lie right back down if
you like get a quick little Child's Pose
we are gonna be up getting that heart
rate up okay y'all let's come up we're
gonna get into a nice skip it looks just
like the running man but I want it to be
as active as possible so unleash your
inner track star and move these knees
I'm driving my knee up as I'm pushing my
foot down and I'm trying to draw myself
I'm not gonna lie to you okay
staying nice and tall chest up this is
one of our longer intervals really drive
that knee up like you want to hit
yourself in the
just now you see Britney getting us off
for good March she's enjoying herself
and okay fine if you're moving you're
winning and that's what I want to be
remember today let's get these last five
seconds move it move it drive it stay
tall and rest now we're gonna go right
down to the ground
tap the opposite shoulder it's only 20
seconds at a time so I know you can give
me some good speed since we're focusing
on cardio let's go fast with it
put your feet wide if you want to make
it a little bit easier join me here I
want you to try to keep your hips as
still as possible when you're tapping
these opposite shoulders only 20 seconds
here so you will get a little break in
ten seconds
let's fight if you're pushing the ground
away from you be very active about the
arm that stays on the floor rest we're
gonna do that one more time and then get
up and yes by the end of this first
section I will be drenched you see these
sweat dropping okay second set go tap it
out tap it out I'm loving seeing Britney
on these knees maybe I'm a little
jealous but we will make it through
ohh tap it
how you doing the killer I'm doing great
I believe it I believe it and rest let's
come right back up so we're gonna get
right back into these skips but I want
you to pretend you're getting a skull
crusher right across the body okay and
drive your hands to opposite me let's
see if you can make it into a nice skip
motion gun one long stick feeling crazy
I'm not gonna lie I do this move in my
classes I've seen a lot of people look
pretty darn ridiculous doing this and if
that's you right now remember you're
moving you're winning it's all good love
yourself come in
move honey her mid move we're more than
halfway there
driving Vega ha
the faster you drive your hands up but
more your backs gonna work the harder
you drive your hands down
remember those abs you're gonna work
let's go for a second three to arrest
very nice ok we're getting back onto the
hands this time we're gonna tap the
opposite knee when I do this slowly
crazy ab workout but because we're gonna
make it faster abs and cardio eight
seven four three two go tap it out
tap it out I remember to be very
deliberate about the hand and foot that
are left behind those limbs are working
hard tap tap tap tap it's not just about
the hand and foot that are moving rest
one more time
and our first little section is down it
starts in five seconds to flat full set
girl go tap it tap it drive that knee
how stable can you keep those hips as
you tap that in the under the body not a
rhetorical question y'all come on push
push push push five seconds
come & get it push go it and rest
nice job come up if you're ready soak in
the floor up feel free to get a little
towel off I hear y'all - or sweaters -
oh look at y'all you promised me you
were going to sweat - you know it's okay
I gotta be patient
thank you I told y'all it takes me what
just a Hello and I'm sweating okay next
up I'm moving a lot of you guys know me
for the quick feet we're gonna take it
side to side let's make it let's make it
pitter-patter pitter-patter side to side
it's like I've said it before if there's
a line of ants I want you to kill every
ant
in this line okay if you see a B skip it
because those bees are becoming
endangered that we need them in the
ecosystem but these are thick and - okay
these are some killer ants they're
trying to hurt somebody I want you I
want these ants dead you hear me I want
to dance come on move it if your booty
is jailing you're doing it right come on
hello Russ I don't mind a little booty
jig I don't know what's wrong with
people
let the booty jiggle let the booty go
now we're gonna go from that to some
skaters so I want you to push off on
that outside leg side to side easy for
time you got your brand-new
white sneakers on jump over that puddle
of mud okay ready go push it push it
I'm letting my upper body follow my
lower body in the direction I'm jumping
I'm twisting it out these glutes are
nice and engage that knee is bent
pushing it in powerful now you got
options here you can make it a smaller
puddle that you're jumping over and make
them quicker drops or make it a bigger
puddle and more explosive jump I promise
both options will get your heart rate up
you got seven seconds keep it moving
keep it for on oh yes honey
three two one okay now operation
coordination we have three skaters and a
quick feet pattern to reset okay so
it'll be a 3 a 2 A 1 quick feet back to
left right leg in the air take it behind
let's go 3 2 1 quick feet quick feet
quick feet reset that right leg 3 2 1
quick feet quick feet quick feet
whenever I do quick feet one way I don't
know why I always think of a typewriter
that a weird reference is anybody I mean
some of these kids like what's a
typewriter get on Google look up
typewriter
they existed a long long time ago in a
galaxy far far away
okay keep it up y'all last moment ooh I
throw that was booty cheeks come on come
on come on
last bit all the way through the finish
line all the way through the finish line
and breaths nicely done and then you
have a nice transition over the other
side we just have them about longer
intervals to get to sit here and breathe
let's rehearse left leg comes back we go
in 3 a 2 A 1 quick feet to the right for
a hurtles over let's make a happen 3 2 1
quickly 6 feet quickly nice job push it
push it push it
hide your door how you doing yeah push
it push it push it
attack the ground attack the ground nice
y'all remember those killer amps is
still there mocking you laughing it's
you like oh you still didn't get me it
up
you still they get me know how you like
me now your dad yeah dad talk to me that
way come on come on yeah last moments
last moments make it hot
now you're hot make it hotter good and
rest nice nicely done
[Music]
