[Music]
today I have a 30 minute cardio bootcamp
workout for you all you'll need is a
lighter set of weights now let's get
sweaty alright to start it off we got
jumping jacks out and then I got my girl
Casey my girl Chris down Casey's gonna
be doing all the modifications so if you
need to check her out check it out light
landing on the floor and don't be
sounding like a herd of buffaloes in
your apartment cuz your neighbors are
probably gonna hate you for a 10-person
seven six five four three two and one
hands to the floor step the feet back
now hop those feet out and in if that's
too much alternate one step out one step
out out and in for a ten nine eight abs
in and seven six five four three two and
one bring the feet together you'll hop
forward and back all the way wide with
your feet when you come forward then
back together into a plank four five
can't move them in four don't stop in
three go see us in two popping it
forward bring those feet together - drop
it low in it now it this is nonstop for
30 minutes and I hope that you're ready
you're probably not but that's okay in
and out for ten nine eight seven six
five drop it low in four three two hands
down now take those feet back run the
knees across the body taking it to the
opposite elbow for a ten nine eight
seven six five four three two and one
stand all the way up now tap those feet
to the booty tiny little taps tap the
booty where's the booty there's your
booty and knees that pie up and up get
it on up lift lift lift for ten nine
eight you're gonna hate this side then
six and five and four and three and two
now kick it out if you can get me high
kicks kick your face honey let's go ten
and nine and eight seven six five four
three two and one hands down step the
feet back
jumping jacks yet again with those feet
out and in
nine eight seven six five four three two
and one
open the feet up as wide as your hands
now tap opposite hand to opposite
shoulder keeping those ABS drawn in
getting a little breathless now tapping
the opposite hip and hip like you're
doing the Macarena now if you're too
young for that get out of here eight and
seven and six and five four three two
and one step the feet forward and you'll
come up - drop it low up - drop it low
lift and lower
if you want really take that booty nice
and low boom and back up and five keep
moving
in four don't stop and three two more
- hold it low now hop the weights
pop it up pop those feet ten nine if not
just pulls - eight seven six five four
three two and one right into jumping
jacks out and in out and in now cross
the feet out and cross when you come in
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two drop it low now hop it up and up yet
again or pulse four at ten and nine
eight seven six five four three two and
one
coming down into a plank you'll bring
the belly button up hold it
feet together squeeze those booty cheeks
now down to the forearms and then up to
the straight arms if that's too much
just hold a forearm plank cuz that's
what we're going up up and down down try
to keep those hips nice and still as you
lift and lower in five four don't stop
three
there's two last one hold it down in the
forearm plank abs are drawn up squeeze
those cheeks together now bring the knee
to the outside of the same arm out and
out spider-man with those little legs
lift and lift for ten nine eight seven
six five four three two and one feet
together hold it don't move turn the
palms up to the ceiling draw that belly
button up now dip the hips side to side
drawing a rainbow because hello uh-huh
let's go
up and over lift palms up here we go for
ten 10 nine 9 eight 8 seven 7 don't stop
and six six don't you dare pause it 5 &
5 & 4 & 4 & 3 3 2 2 1 & 1
take the left forearm down on the floor
right hand comes in front of you stack
those feet or bring the right foot in
front if you need a little bit extra now
tap your hip down it up tap that hip to
the floor and lift it up down and lift
getting those obliques working take
those hips up nice and high right hand
behind the head now pulse the right leg
10987 hips up in 6 5 4 3 2 & 1 sit it
down taking it to the other side bring
those feet over right forearm down on
the floor lift those hips up and down
left hand in front of you on the floor
to brace yourself again if you need a
little bit extra bring the left foot in
front of you so the feet aren't stacked
in 5 4 3 2 hold it up left hand behind
the head now pulse that left leg high
for 10 9 lift the hips & 8 7 & 6 you're
gonna love this 5 & 4 & 4 & 4 & 3 2 & 1
bring the forearms down no break don't
you dare stop and bring it right into
that forearm plank if you need to bring
the knees down to get yourself a little
extra do that place legs together
squeeze those cheeks hold it for 10
in 9 and 8 you're gonna love this 7 and
6 and 5 in 4 in 3 in 2 pressing straight
up to this straight arms no break you
walk the hands all the way back and all
the way forward all the way back and all
the way forward keep it moving
if you cannot touch your toes just walk
back as far as you can lifting the booty
as much as you can and then out to the
plank hold it out in your plank now hop
those feet
out and in for ten nine and eight tabs
in seven in six and five four three two
and one feet together lift the right
foot on top of the left hold it don't
move for ten nine abs in and eight and
seven in six and five four three two
other side the left foot on top of the
right hold it for ten abs in and nine
eight seven six five year I love this
four three two feet down on the floor
you'll hop the feet forward and back yet
again forward and back if not step the
feet forward step it back you can't
bring those feet up all the way by your
hands just try to get as close as you
can for ten nine eight seven six five
four three two and one come forward in
that little play in that little squad
bring those hands in front of you now
tiny pulses for a ten and nine don't
stop and eight seven six five four three
two and one send it up grab your weights
oh never ever I don't give it you
something bringing those weights in your
hands feet are hip-width apart you'll
bend the knees down and then up when you
reach those weights up coming up onto
those high heels nice and high I don't
want any grandma's shoes
the grandmas I know they wear high high
heels so you better get them up let's go
in five keep moving forward drop the
booty low three yes two last one now hop
it out and in lifting those weights up
and up keep going for a 10-9 don't stop
an eight seven six five four three two
and one seat together now you'll take it
back to a lunge bicep curl as you go
down if you can take your back knee down
to the floor I would love to see it
let's go down and up four it's in all
the way in nine in paint uh-huh in seven
let's go in six keep moving in five
don't stop in four keep going in three
yes yes two last one one coming up to
standing you'll come up with the weights
up with the weights if that's too much
step it out yes Richard Simmons
Jazzercise let's go and nine and eight
seven six five four three two hold it
out bend those palms up to the ceiling
now arms pull in and out in and out
abs are drawn up toward the ceiling in
and out in five don't stop in for heat
moving in three yes yes in to hold it in
now pulse it palms face forward ten nine
abs in eight seven nice and tall in
seven six five four three two and one
weights in bring those weights up as you
lift out and now jumping jacks are ten
nine eight seven six five four three two
do a holes in out now you'll take it out
and cross the weights out and cross the
weights but do not let that torso
bouncing around like a googol crazy
person trust me this stuff already looks
like you're going through an exorcism so
just get it together out in there ten
nine eight seven six
five four three two hold it out now
pulse it ten nine you're welcome eight
and seven and six it's burning six and
five four three two and one bring those
feet together you'll take it out to a
side lunge and lift down and up down and
up when you take it out really bend that
knee push the booty back the inside leg
stays straight here we go in five don't
stop us five keep moving in four keep
moving
four three more three more three keep
moving in three last two more - uh-huh
and two last one you'll take it one feet
living in one bringing it forward and
bicep curls up and down all the way up
and all the way down lift and lower
yes and lower now take it only half way
up stop it in line with the elbows lift
and lower really get in the bottom of
that bicep in five
keep going in four keep going in three
yes yes in two now take it all the way
up then half way down all the way up
then half way down keep those elbows
hugging in four and nine eight seven six
five four three two and one now take
those weights down you'll step back to a
lunge and swing those weights up to the
ceiling but careful not to let the
ribcage pop forward really keep that
ribcage closed in the ABS state active
please for ten nine eight seven six five
four three two all the way up now take
those weights out to the sides and in a
round of applause for me yeah thank you
so much yes
out and then ribcage in for ten nine
eight abs in and seven six five four
three two and one weights down besides
you now top those weights toward your
knees yes give me a slight bend in those
knees wobble wobble side to side keep it
moving getting that waistline honey for
ten ten and
9 9 in 8 8 again if you slow it down
that's ok 7 7 & 6 & 6 & 5 in 5 in 4 4 3
3 2 2 1 and 1 waits to the sides up and
down with those weights up and down you
keep that ribcage closed in no letting
that chicken rib pop forward let's go in
for this isn't a farm honey yes in 3
keep moving in to hold it up now circle
those arms out to the sides 10 9 8 7 6 &
5 & 4 3 2 & 1
oooh come down on the floor my little
chickens yes pull the belly button in
wait stay in your hands step the feet
back together now hop those feet if this
is too much for your wrist just take
those weights right on the outsides of
your hands hands on the mat for a 10 9 8
7 6 5 4 3 2 & 1 wait knees down to the
floor now you'll go opposite arm and
opposite leg keeping the belly button
drawn in opposite arm and opposite leg
lift again if that's too much to do with
the weight don't use the weight that's
okay let's go 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 & 1
weights down step those feet back
together you'll hop it to the right and
back to the left and back let's go to
the right and back if that's too much
just hop the feet out and then for a 10
9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 & 1 hop the feet out and
in for 10 9 8 7 6 & 5 in four and three
and two and one knees down bring those
weights right underneath the shoulders
lift and lift keeping the abs drawn in
towards the ceiling and lift and lift
let's get it for 10 10 in 9 9 in a times
in 8 & 7 & 7 in 6 & 6 & 5 5 don't stop
in 4
for in 4 & 4 & 4 & 4 3 2 2 1 & 1 ooh I
have a little special surprise for you
it's so cute you're gonna love this
uh-huh bring those knees in front of you
you'll come up to the feet up and up and
then down and down okay see if you want
just come in that nice low lunge if you
want those modifications you buddy we're
watching Casey because honey I'm moving
let's go down and down up and up let's
get in down them down up and up keep
moving for it 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 and
once ended up you'll touch those weights
down to the floor then up to the ceiling
make sure that the booty is dropping low
every single time my darlinks down and
up for a 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
and once ended up into the curtsies left
foot hurts his back the hip stay Center
as you go down low down and up for a 10
yes in 9 all the way down in 8 keep
moving in 7 all the way down in 6 in 5 I
like to call these bow before the Queens
because I'm the queen and you have to
vow in three two last one 1 take those
weights to the floor now you if we go
into the skater lunges side if you want
a little something extra lift the back
foot up if you want a little something
even more extra lift those hands up in
front of you 10 9 8 travel 7 6 5 4 3 2 &
1 send it up grab your weights bring the
feet together down to the toes and then
pop it back up down to the toes and pop
it back up when you stand squeeze those
booty cheeks together let's go down and
up now begin lifting the weights all the
way up to the ceiling and then down the
body shave the front of the body then
down the body and keep moving for a 10 9
eight seven don't forget to squeeze
those cheeks to the top seven six five
four three two and one send it up right
there now lift it up feet are hip-width
apart now lift and lower
keep it moving my little darlings in
five don't stop in four don't stop in
three yes yes in two last one hold it up
now do not move for ten nine don't stop
in eight in seven don't come out in six
and five in twelve and a million in 74
and ninety six and forty and thirty
that's not the order three two and one
lose those weights my darlings yes take
a little towel break okay you're done
thank you so much that was your break I
don't believe in breaks you can take a
break when you're dead uh-huh come up to
standing hands on your hips you'll just
take it back to a lunge and then kick
the leg back to a lunge
and kick the leg again if it's too much
for you to do a lunge just step back and
kick as high as you can
yes down it up but if you can get that
leg up Rockette high kick it honey let's
go for five four three two hold it at
the top leg is straight arms up now
pulse it for ten and nine lift it up and
eight and seven and six and five in four
three two and one other side hands on
the hips the left foot goes back to kick
back to kick again if that's too much
for you to go back just tap it back and
kick it forward as high as you can my
darlings in five uh-huh in four and
don't stop in three keep moving in two
last one last one I'll hold it out in
front of you arms up pulse it written in
nine and eight seven six five don't stop
in four and three two and one open those
feet up wide turn the feet out to the
sides arms straight out you'll take the
body down and up down just wait till you
see what this one's doing
let's go
five you're welcome in for yes yes
in three two more in two last one a hold
it low arms forward pulse it down pulse
and pulse arms up to the ceiling pulse
it for ten and nine you're gonna love
this eight seven six five ribcage in
four and three and two and one hop it
together - drop it low
turning the feet out when you go makes
you bring those feet together drop it in
and out ten nine eight seven six five
four three two a hold it low now pulse
it now christelle and i we're gonna do a
little fun it hands down you tap the
booty with the feet eight seven six five
four three two give you a something okay
just a little second break your seconds
done thank you so much come down on the
floor take the right leg back behind you
now you'll lift the leg up and down
touching the foot down to the floor
really getting the bottom of that booty
because you do not want it running down
the back of your thigh like a waterfall
you want to be the boulder that the
waterfall runs over honey let's go five
four three two hold it up now tap the
foot to the booty smack the booty smack
the booty where's the booty where's the
booty what I have to ask a lot in Los
Angeles did you buy your booty let's go
for in three two hold it in now tiny
pulses up for ten nine eight seven lift
it six five four four four four in three
two and one right knee down left leg
goes back now lift that leg up and down
where it's still moving lift and lift if
you got sweat dripping down your face
down to your mat you're welcome five in
four and three two hold it up now tap
the foot to the booty smack the booty
smack the booty in in and in in five
four three two hold the foot close now
pulse it up for a ten
nine to come out and eight seven six
five four three two and one both knees
down take the left elbow down the right
elbow stays up to the side right leg
goes long now knee to the elbow then go
straight knee to the elbow then go
straight just like me so straight in and
let's go four and three yes yes in two
last one I'll hold it straight now pulse
it up and up if you want a little
something extra right arm reaches
forward for a 10-9 don't stop and eight
seven six five squeeze the booty in four
and three and two and one right elbow
down who left elbow comes up left leg
goes long now bring the knee to the
elbow then go straight knee to the elbow
then go straight in and out in five
don't stop in four keep moving in three
keep moving
in two last one last one I'll hold it
out now pulse that leg for a 10-9 reach
the arm forward if you want forward with
the left arm ten nine in eight seven six
five four three two and one
we still got more booty to do cow cow
cow cow we did it uh-huh come down onto
your left side my little sweeties rest
your head on your arm knees into the
chest
right hand is just right in front of you
now open and close that right leg lift
and lower try not to let that right knee
go behind the left knee think about that
right knee coming a little bit forward
in front of the left yes
five four three two a hold it up now
kick it straight out and out without
letting the hips lean back you're not
falling off a roof you're just kicking
your leg forward in five and four and
three two hold it straight now tiny
circles with that right leg ooh burn the
booty burn the Buddha yes reverse that
circle dimples I like your dimples let's
no circle now tiny little pulses up lift
and lift you're gonna love this ten and
nine and eight and seven and six and
five in four and three and two here we
go up to the ceiling down to the floor
up to the ceiling down to the floor how
high and how low just like your
relationships lots and lots of ups and
downs let's go in for keeping in three
yes yes in - hold it up now tap that leg
toward your face in for ten nine eight
yes seven Bernat six in five and four
and three and two and one
oh come out my little chickens uh-huh
bring the feet in front of you and take
the right foot over the left but guess
what my little babies you got a whole
other side to do I got you good uh-huh
take the right arm out rest the head on
that arm bring those knees up toward the
chest now lift and lower that left leg
open and close open and quiesce let's go
yes uh-huh
the cheerleaders in my high school used
to say touch D on touch D on so touch me
on uh-huh let's go in five in four and
three two hold it up now kick that leg
straight forward yes out and out all the
way straight just like me yay uh-huh
five and four that's a joke by the way
uh-huh and three two hold it straight
now tiny circles with that leg tiny cute
circles aren't they cute Barbara uh-huh
reverse the circle yes keep moving
circle a circle yes now tiny pulses
going ten and nine they'll come out and
eight and seven and six and five four
three two now go up to the ceiling down
to the floor how high and how low can
you go
yes lift it up high then down low in
four don't stop in three keep moving and
to hold it up to the ceiling now tap
that leg toward your face in four ten
nine eight seven six keep going in five
four four four in three
- and wine my baby
uh-huh roll it all the way up keep it
moving both being in front of you left
foot and talk with the right and press
that by open yummy that was so cute
uh-huh guess what my little darlings we
still got more to do bring the feet down
to the floor and then lie down on your
back hands down beside you you'll lift
the booty up and down up and down I do
not want the ribcage flaring open like a
chicken's ribs to close them in it's
just the booty and the lower back
lifting abs you're pulled in you're
supporting that lower back lift and lift
uh-huh let's go in four three two hold
it up now tap it pulse it pulse it up
tiny little pulses four ten and nine and
eight and seven six and five and four
and three and two hold it there now kick
it right leg up and left leg up if
that's too much just lift the foot see
if you can lift it if that's too much
just keep the feet down and pulse the
hips otherwise kick those legs honey
lift them for ten nine eight seven
beauty up and six and five and four and
three and two right leg up to the
ceiling tiny pulses if that's too much
just lift the right heel up and pulse
the booty four and nine lift it up in
eight and seven and six and five in four
three two other side left leg up lift
and lift for ten nine eight and seven
and six and five in four three two and
one bring the feet all the way together
a thighs are closed now lift the booty
up off the floor then touch the floor up
off the floor then touch the floor
remember no ribcage popping up keep
those ABS drawn in just lift the booty
then touch the floor in five don't stop
in four keep moving in three legs are
closed in two hold it up now pulse it
and pulse it for 20 19 18 17 16 you're
almost done 15 14 13 12 11 and 10 and 9
and 8 keep it up and seven
in six and five go in four three two and
one
ooh take the feet together let the knees
fall open uh-huh
so you press the thighs down if you want
now here we go we have just a few little
things left and then you're done with me
both hands behind the head you'll touch
the elbows and the knees together then
lower it down
all the way up and down really pull that
belly button down into the floor in five
don't stop and forth
keep moving in three good good and to
hold it up legs go long now pump those
arms big pumps I want you to cause wind
if there's any little modification you
need to defeat down for ten and nine and
eight and seven in six in five and four
you're gonna love this three two hands
behind the head now across uh-huh you
can keep the feet down and just through
the upper body if that's too much for
ten and nine and eight and seven and six
and five and four three two and one feet
down yes
hands up make a little hold hands with
yourself now you'll roll all the way up
as high as you can then back down again
yes if you cannot come all the way just
come up as high as you can and then go
back down yes hello abs let's go lift
and lower
in five all the way up in four all the
way up yes and there's three more three
uh-huh
in two last one last one take those
elbows back behind you prop yourself up
on the elbows now here's the
modification you're gonna reach out
touch the thighs without moving the
torso here we go just don't mean you
grab those thighs without moving the
torso out and back pouch and back keep
abs on let's go in five don't move that
torso in four yes yes in three uh-huh
in two yes yes and one lower it down
take those hands underneath the booty
lift the feet up toward the ceiling flex
the feet now lower the legs down and
down the point and lift and lift that's
too much keeping these vents just touch
your toes and down and then lift it up
down and down lift it up and up really
pull that lower back down toward the
floor and up two more down down lift it
up and up last one down and down hold it
up to the ceiling now pulse the booty up
off the hands lift and lift really push
those arms down for ten nine eight seven
six five four three two and one take the
feet long and then turn over onto your
stomach take those hands down on the mat
this is the last thing that you're doing
run those knees up to the chest run run
run run keep it going now can you pick
up the pace a little bit for it 20 19 18
17 16 15 14 13 12 11 and 10 and 9 in
eight and seven and six five four three
two and one Child's Pose press it back
let that ribcage really really really
lift up toward the ceiling with a deep
breath and then let it go inhale deep
breath exhale let it go coming up onto
all fours
you'll take the right leg out to the
side you'll slide forward and then push
the booty back taking the hands down on
the floor rest those hands if head on
top of the hands if you can both hands
down on the floor bring the right knee
in left leg goes out to the side slide
it out to the side and then push the
booty back
deep breath let it go both hands down on
the floor bring those knees in curl the
toes downward facing dog if you can get
the heels down to the floor that'd be
great now take your right hand and try
to grab your left ankle the outside of
it and look over at the left side
switching sides right hand down
left hand grabs the ankle if you can
look over at the right side coming back
Center take the right foot to the back
of the left hand square the hip off take
that knee down now if you can walk
yourself forward lie down over that leg
that'd be cute both hands down on the
floor step the right foot back switching
sides left foot to the back of the right
hand walk those hands forward both hands
down on the floor step the feet back
together walk those hands back to meet
the feet and then turn into a nice wide
feet take it over to the right foot with
both hands right arm up to the ceiling
if you can take the left elbow down to
the floor please do so switching sides
over to the left left arm up if you can
take the right elbow down please do so
[Music]
coming back Center you will stay here if
this is a lot for you if you want
something a little extra hands go
through so I'll take your head down onto
the floor and if you want a little more
because you like me take the feet wide
and then begin letting yourself slide
out into the splits without letting the
booty sit back I want to see how low you
can go in those splits and hold it ten
nine eight seven six five four four four
oops
four and three two and one hands to the
floor now begin walking those feet in
together heel toe heel toe heel toe once
the feet are all the way together
if you can stay hinge over take the left
foot over the right if that's still too
much for you come up
here let's take it onto the knee
[Music]
switching sides right foot over the left
nose down to the knee taking those feet
hip width apart reach the arms up to the
ceiling interlace the fingers try to get
the palms flat together shake your head
no shake your head yes let go of those
hands bend the knees roll it all the way
up and give yourself a round of applause
[Applause]
