hey my Fingaz friends I'm celebrating my
first Mother's Day with an equipment
free workout designed to help you feel
strong and empowered this episode of
class fit sugar is presented by Fitbit
all right you guys I am joined by four
fellow Mama's here on set and we're
gonna turn on our Fitbit to track our
heart rate and our calories I'm wearing
a Fitbit verse alight so if you're
wearing a Fitbit to start your workout
and let's get moving all right we're
gonna start with a couple side bends
reaching up and over the body to get the
side of the body loosened up you guys
are in for a treat because I've got the
crew of a lifetime here so now we're in
the corner Janelle's going to show with
all the modifications over there and we
got Tammy here beside me
we got Britney in a know-all here to
work it with you so you guys get ready
for some fun because we're gonna sweat
we're gonna feel strong showing up for
yourself today which is so important
good for you all right next we're gonna
go into a couple twists so I want to
rotate the body get in a nice trunk
rotation you want to feel that stretch
all the way through the torso pull your
shoulder blades apart feel yourself get
a nice twist nice rotation and I like
how they're all letting their feet pivot
here we don't want to be planted want to
let yourself rotate pivot that foot feel
a little tips twist how you ladies
feeling so far getting nice this is my
all-star team you guys I'm loving it
these ladies are ready to bring their a
game today yeah here gonna fall nice job
couple more seconds here bring it out
all right now we're gonna do a standing
forward fold so have your feet about hip
width apart I want you to reach up
towards the sky take a nice deep breath
in now as you exhale I want you to for
then all the way to the floor touch
those toes if you can let your head hang
nice and then slowly bend the knees bend
the back and arch all the way up and
each vertebrae at a time
reach back up towards the sky inhale
exhale forward bend
fold all the way down to the ground I
love this one and first thing in the
morning this is one of my favorites just
get my fat loosened up one more time
reach up inhale good forward bend let
yourself reach towards the floor you
know I used to not be able to touch my
toes what kind of staff yeah so now I
stretched every day so that doesn't
happen to me all right next we're gonna
go into a little skip and jack combo so
first you know if you don't want to jump
that's okay if you just stay on the ball
of the foot like Janelle is over there
showing you guys the mod right but if
you can sort of pop it off the ball of
the foot here right so you're getting a
little skip play yard action you're
gonna have to teach this to your kids
right you got to teach him to skip it's
not an easy move it takes a little
coordination right yeah get to the heart
rate up think about pulling your abs and
tight add you skip now we're gonna go
into a little Jack's so modified
remember take it light no impact if
you're going all out today
you can go up whatever pace you feel
comfortable you can start power jacket
if you want to or you can take it nice
and slow it's up to you good we're all
the different levels of fitness right so
let's add and eight months of three
months Jenelle's got a four months right
let's go back into our skips and so
wherever you're at it's okay
especially if you're able to track your
heart rate you can start to see how
you're doing track your performance and
you're gonna see yourself get stronger
and fitter each day good last set of
jacks bring it up let's go
good remember power jacks regular jacks
modified Jack a couple more seconds here
he's doing great bellies in tight
remember always engage your core breathe
it out awesome and relax now this last
one I call this the straight leg kick
runner arms because here you can either
take a straight kick and step back
alright to gain your balance each time
or you can start to balance without
touching and have those arms running as
you're working on balance and stability
you got to pull your abs in tight to
really feel your core engage here it's
hard right lady yeah this one is so
challenging I mean it is like so crazy
how quickly you lose your balance when
you're not using it enough right good
and switch sides nice work here we go
alright let's see how the other side
does I know one side for me is always
more unbalanced than the other
how about you guys yeah this your good
side are your bad sides is my bad side I
know any moms we tend to forget to focus
on ourselves right but it's really
important and that's why I love the
Fitbit versalife because it reminds me
to stay active and attract my resting
heart rate over time so it's just one of
those features that absolutely love good
pump those arms
kick that leg last Cup you should be
feeling a stretch the hamstring good job
you guys right nice work now we're gonna
move into circuit one you're gonna come
on down to the floor you're gonna have
one foot up on the floor and you're
gonna have your hands to the inside of
that foot now if you're modifying you're
gonna keep your back knee down if not I
want you to pick that back leg up and
what we're gonna do is we're gonna open
up the chest rotate up towards the sky
feel a nice stretch to that hip flexor
in that trunk now hands back down and
we're gonna come up into a power pose
it's a low lunge
you're gonna feel the burn in your legs
you're doing great good working hard
nice coming back down good we're gonna
open up
good back down to the ground come up
power pose
feel the legs stabilize you in that
position this is gonna make your heart
rate spiked you wouldn't even believe
good back down one more twist good open
it up to the floor bring the chest up
good nice stretch and back down now
let's switch sides
so just bringing that foot up good get
the hands to the inside of the foot you
can always keep that knee down right
open it up twist good stretch hands down
and let's power pose oh weaker to where
it's like Oh different body on one side
it's crazy good hands down feel that
stretch power pose empower Mama's good
come on down good one more time through
open up rotate good hands down last
power pose feel it feel love it earn it
good it ever back down now we're gonna
go into a push-up and rotate so from
here you're gonna watch Janelle she's
gonna do a modified push-up then she's
gonna come to the toes and she's gonna
add that rotation alright if you want to
go all out go from the toes do the
push-up rotate the other way let's go
ladies work it out awesome
so you're just gonna rotate back and
forth remember your pace might be faster
you might be like my push-ups are on par
right now so you're just crushing them
so work at your own pace if you need to
go slower go slower if you need to
modify make sure you drop those knees
down just lightly touch them keep your
abs nice and tight good breathing it out
you guys are awesome you know what like
you when I do push-ups I swear we got to
do a heart rate check after this because
it's as if I was doing high knees I mean
for 20 minutes it's crazy
powered through and relaxed heart rate
check just for one second okay
108 what do you got Tami 124
15:03 I love it we that spike okay one
more time through come on down so
strength you can get that heart rate up
right good down and let's power pause
good breathe down feel that stretch and
open up good this is kind of like the
calm before the storm yeah you'll get
some intense moves going but this is
something that you're building a lot of
stability a lot of lengthening a lot of
strengthening and that's what you need
as a new mom or even if you've got for
your office right I know Tim you've got
three year old right yes keeps me busy
Tami's busy she's got it good we got
ourselves here let's rotate open it up
good hand down raise that chest good
nice job
throw it down open it up nice work I
know as the new mom though it's crazy
because you you focus so much on the
babies you forget about yourself and you
gotta remember to focus on yourself
bring yourself back here nice work you
guys
okay going up into that push-up position
let's push up and rotate alright one
more set down and up down rotate those
feet pumping towards the fact that
oblique stabilize you in that side plank
when you're rushing through your moves
your tend to use a lot of momentum you
want to think about slowing yourself
down and being really good getting the
depth of that push-up holding that plank
feeling your core work okay awesome one
more tie down push up it's our last one
awesome job you guys hi now we're gonna
come up to our feet one of my favorites
alright now this is going to be a squat
hop low
a squat half high so if you're modifying
you're not jumping right so you're just
here everyone's here we're gonna add a
little hop off the balls of the paint
romance or stain gun
all right modify you'd come up a little
bit that's okay or you're staying low
into that pulse right so you're here now
come up high now we're just adding a
little bending the knees as we jump now
it's not a low squat just a little one
or you're not hopping at all you're just
kind of giving yourself a little
breather now you're going to again I
know good but you got that slight bend
in the knees so you're easy on the
joints go low go that's it make sure you
play with baby stay in high good I love
high good good oh and relax okay now
come on down to the floor I got a no
Janelle what was the heart rate on you
for that 160 yeah she's not photo who's
oh that is awesome
you can get that heart rate up mine is
right up there at 135 so here you're in
a nice little seated plank
I mean seated position hold onto your
knees if you can pick your heels off the
ground great all right if you need to
keep them on the ground for now that's
fine are you gonna pick your heels up
hold and squeeze the ABS now to advance
you're gonna roll down all the way right
and then you're gonna roll up back into
that seated position squeeze now put the
heels and the hands on the ground
lift your body into a reverse bridge
squeeze open the shoulders squeeze the
button and then drop it down hold
yourself in that seated position now no
hands is gonna be harder right that's it
and now roll all the way down
good roll all the way up hold squeeze
hands and heels on the floor lift into a
reverse plank so I call this the all
core because you guys are working the
back you're working the abdominals
you're working those glutes good press
it down and up now we can speed this up
a little bit down roll it down roll it
up squeeze those abs press into the
floor lift good way pull it up squeeze
press lift last one roll it down wheel
up press into the floor lift and you're
back down nice work back on your feet
we're going into those squat hops again
now you guys I created this workout with
no equipment right just you got to show
up just you just you just you just you
gotta show up and that is so important
because honestly we don't want to keep
any excuses in there right but we also
need something that's simple something
that's fast and effective to get strong
right come up and that's why this should
be perfect for you to celebrate you
being a mama taking care of herself
yeah go ahead come on down hello
that's it burn it out who can do it just
that small little hot bird the lower you
stay the harder it is come up high uh
shake it out shake it out shake it out
shake it out good come in low
one more good looking good breathe
breathe
coming up high shake it out shake it out
get it yeah oh you got it and relax
good everybody just get a good little
jump in there haw
I love it okay back on your butt alright
so here we go
now you're modifying just try to keep
this pose until you go up for that
bridge right so let's pose we're gonna
roll down to keep it extra little
movement going here hands down press but
if you're very new getting back into
your fitness just focus on some of those
isometric moves right squeeze press lift
and down good roll it out nice and slow
roll it up hold good that little pause
at the top you guys you've gotta really
make sure you feel that you got to give
it that moment just sink in good squeeze
press it down lift it up and back down
nice work
pause roll it out roll it up oh good one
more edge love it and down all right you
guys get a little sip of water we're
gonna take a moment take a moment for
yourself don't chug water while you're
working out just take a small sip
awesome you guys you ready to get back
into it
mmm
we're gonna pretend like we're all on
track right now I'm attracting we're
gonna do a high jump and we're gonna
start with one foot forward we're gonna
drive the knee up top off the ball of
the foot and add that little hop okay if
you're modifying watch Janelle she's
gonna just come up on the ball of your
foot and drive that knee let's do this
good back and forth now if you can get a
little bit of vertical that's great if
you can speed up your tempo that's great
too but you're working on that power leg
here you're driving off the ball of that
foot keeping your abs tight good bring
it up drive that knee awesome all right
and switch good other leg let's go drive
it up back and forth now this leg feels
like concrete to me I don't know why
that hide all of a sudden feel like I'm
uncoordinated and a lot heavier on this
leg but keep going you got it good at
your own tempo drive the knee up towards
the chest pull the belly in this is the
core move you guys all right get that
heart rate up
I am like sucking wind right now drive
it up you're doing great and relax all
right
whew now we're gonna go soldier walks
but I like to call him baby carry baby
pickups because all of us know we're
coming down to the ground
Janelle's going to show you the modified
if you can't come to your knees and then
we're gonna come back up what we're
gonna do with good form right we're not
gonna hunch we're gonna keep the chest
high we're gonna press into that heel
use the butt and come on up
now the stronger you get coming up from
the floor under your feet the less back
issues you're gonna have right I know
it's so many of us we go down we pick up
the baby and we're like this and then we
get up and we wrap ourselves around
right keep going on track now we're
gonna go up with the other leg first
okay
so whichever leg you were pressing up
with first go up and down down down
press it up
Grethe you really want to think about
pushing through the heel activating the
glue keeping your chest up so you're
always just thinking about good body
mechanics right yes yeah good job guys
will you get up nice shot
back and forth good job ladies I know
just give yourself that pep talk nice
work you got it now if you wanted to
make this harder you could hold on to a
free weight you could hold on to your
baby right if they're not too big down
down press it up press down down one
more coming up press through that glute
and up nice jobs now coming on down to
your floor your mat you're gonna do a
seated twist with a rainbow I want you
to think about holding a ball between
your hands you can keep your heels down
at first you're gonna rotate in a
rainbow position as if you are holding
something all right now don't drop it
and don't squish it right keep it in a
nice shape pick your feet up if you can
and you're gonna rotate side to side the
reason I'm having you do that is because
then you can't cave your shoulders in
you've got to keep your shoulders square
so as you turn your left shoulder you
got to turn your right shoulder
you can't compensate all right so keep
it in your hands rotate it side to side
good you guys look like an awesome this
was so hard huh especially if you're
just getting back into the ab work back
and forth squeeze and relax awesome back
up on your feet you're in track
it's track-and-field time let's go into
our jumps and drive it up back and forth
drive that knee up towards the chest
think you guys are looking awesome
back and forth nice work
good I don't know what you guys might
know look there's like now eight months
old right so he's got me seen biz
and time is flying by so another reason
I love the Fitbit verse the light it's
because it has a battery life of four
plus days yeah ii working my phone so
that for me is everything and switch
other side drive that knee up
good remember abs are tight like you
mean it drive the arms your stepping
back giving yourself that little bit of
momentum as if you're going off a
trampoline right bringing it up
nice work a couple more seconds you got
it relax huh all right baby pickups
let's do with it so whichever leg you
want to go down first
is the leg that's gonna come up first
and you want to push through that heel
keep your chest high as you do this
right up and down if you need something
more soft on your knees grab an extra
blanket or pillow or those body pillows
but be careful you don't roll off of it
right but have some extra cushion if
your knees are sensitive or just go with
those reverse lunges like Janelle is
doing for you we got the rest of us here
that are burning our buns right now and
like you feeling it good now let's
switch legs go up on the other foot
first up press through and down I think
about body mechanics all the time when
I'm picking things up because I really
want to protect my back and remember
you're going going going you're working
hard you're getting these workouts in
you're tracking your calories your heart
rate but if you get hurt nothing can
stop you but that right all right when
you get hurt it's over
you got a rest completely so don't put
yourself in that position
think about body mechanics and think
about doing dings
way for your body last one down my gamma
button woo and up come on back down you
got your lead twist with the rainbow
ball alright feet up if you can sizes
eyes rotate back and forth squeeze the
ABS pull the belly button in towards the
spine go with your own pace
rotate good back and forth good job you
guys
oh my gosh abs are on fire you're doing
a great work here on the obliques and
the back is even working those backhoe
Bleek's dominoes and relax one more step
here grab your water good give me a
little laugh give me a little heart rate
check on you guys what do we got how
many six nice job 125 no 143 nice job
140 nice job nice job you guys
that's good because I love it when I can
do both strength and cardio at the same
time and when you visit the Fitbit app
you can also see how much time you spent
in your teeth heart rate zone your
cardio zone and your fat burning zone so
that's another way to really know is
that how hard you're working or where
you working it okay so come on to your
feedback let's go back into a cardio
intensive move this is our squat Jack
combo so our sumo squat we're gonna have
our feet wide we're gonna drop down into
a squat elbows touch the knees we're
gonna come up into a jack or you're
gonna step out like Janelle all right so
you might be stepping or jumping here
depending on how good you feel in your
knees how strong you are and the legs
right now alright or just your energy
level level overall so follow who you
need to for this one this is an
explosive move
you guys are getting low and then you're
exploding out of a squat good that's it
thanks Jeff a couple more seconds we're
using it out good
Oh two more seconds one and relax okay
now that that got me up to 140 so I'm
like whoa this is now we're gonna go
into a dead lift with your feet hip
width apart chest is up booties gonna
shift back you're gonna go down into a
deadlift now with your thumbs open palms
open you're gonna squeeze the shoulder
blades good and then back down good
that's it and then come all the way up
squeeze your butt so drop into a
deadlift here make sure your chest is
high pull those arms back squeeze thumbs
up towards the ceiling back down and
then squeeze the butt at the top so you
get a good stretch through the
hamstrings you're working on that low
back glute
good and hamstring strength and then
you're working on that middle back with
that reverse fly you guys feeling okay
good I like how my heart rates coming
down but I'm not really taking my foot
off the pedal here working the muscles
really getting the burn through my
backside this is one of those great
moves it pretty much works your entire
backside so if it gives you a better
posture right down squeeze those
shoulder blades good come on on up one
more down
squeezed together and nice work now the
last one is a plank press you guys are
gonna love me for this one but you can't
do this one when you're pregnant so this
is great now that you don't have
anything in your belly and you can work
your back on your belly you're gonna go
from here on your belly
you're gonna lift your chest lift your
legs squeeze and hold you're gonna feel
your whole backside fire up now you're
gonna you're gonna tuck your toes put
your forearms on the mat and pull
yourself into a plank and hold you can
also modify by pressing the knees down
here in the plank right cuz this is
still working your abs all right now
back to the belly lift the chest and
lift the legs squeeze good and then tuck
the toes place the forearms down and
lift
remember keep your keep your head
towards the floor you guys because you
don't want your neck to feel jacked up
here remember when you lift your chest
lift your legs look towards the mat good
then tuck the toes forearms in the mat
and lift into that plank nice work
Imelda I love that this is one of your
favorite such a good one for me to go
down and up lift squeeze that back tight
feel the back muscles and then press
forearms into the ground pull your body
away from the floor through your core
work and relax all right back up on your
feet
soon we'll swap jacks but do this live
you say you guys ready yeah loving it
let's go down and up
let's get those heart rates up again
work it out this is a fusion of strength
and cardio without any with any
equipment just your attitude which these
ladies have a good one love working out
with other women
are really prioritizing their health and
really care about staying active and
strong good job guys
bring it up good job couple more seconds
oh my gosh my body is like almost ready
just drop it like it's hot and relax all
right going deadlift here we go feet
hip-width apart
deadlift drop it down stretch it out a
little soft bend in the knees to
remember because you want to have good
you want to have a nice soft joint there
full whole I'm a hamstring good pinch
the back when you come up squeeze the
butt and then lower it right back down
good chest leads the way so you got a
nice flat back
going down good work
good and up get that brat back in the
body you're doing great really think
about all the beautiful back muscles
giving you such good posture and
strength to carry your baby without
having back problems or a sore neck that
was that was the hardest thing to adjust
him it's always holding on to something
that weights more than seven pounds
good last one down and awesome job all
right going down playing press last one
let's do this all right starting on the
belly let's lift the chest lift the leg
pull pull pull
keep your face towards the mat good then
tuck the toes press the elbows in
forearms and pull up hold hold
good drop it down so you can really do
which ever one actually is more
challenging hold longer so if your back
is weaker maybe try to hold that back
move or if your abs are weaker work on
the press work on holding the plank a
little bit longer alternate between the
two and really don't feel like you know
you have to switch right when I switch
but work on the muscles that really need
it more and find yourself doing a good
balance of both cuz you don't want to
just work the abs you want to also
include the back
good last one let's lift back into that
[Music]
awesome and relax you guys are amazing
come on up to a seated position now it
is time for the cool down but before we
do I need to get a little calorie and
heart rate check from you guys 132
calories calories 210 210 150 443
calories Wow 200 calories and 126 for
our awesome 261 calorie iiver 226
calories as well so good you guys
awesome job everybody now we're gonna do
a little bit of a cool-down and get
ourselves to recover recoup get
ourselves lengthened out remember the
recovery is just as important as
anything right guys yes you gotta take
care of that recovery you're gonna get
the breath back in the body it's so
important for us to really kind of bring
ourselves into this place of recovery so
straddle stretch get the inner thighs
the hamstrings opened up we're gonna
reach forward here and everyone's gonna
be able to witness my inflexible body
but you know what if you're inflexible
and you're not stretching shame on you
right at least I stretch and this is my
flexibility point right here but I feel
good but I'm working on it and I'm
lengthening each and every time so you
guys got to avoid skipping this part
breathe it in
nice shop now let's go to the side let's
get a nice little side vent so we're
opening it up nice stretch side to side
you guys get a little sweat get a little
looser on the other side stretch it out
how quickly that time goes by right
beautiful alright now we're gonna bring
the feet together we're gonna go into a
seated butterfly so you get the balls of
the feet together
let's bring the back nice and upright go
ahead lifted legs butterfly open little
stretch here get the inner thighs and
that low back if you can pull yourself
forward towards your feet just a little
bit
great little stretch and then this is
one of my favorites see the twist you
got one leg straight all right let me do
it this one here and then one meet is
gonna cross over the top leg you're
gonna hug that knee into your body add a
nice little twist a nice little rotation
beautiful now you guys saw how many
calories you burned you tracked your
heart rate you can also check out the
Fitbit app and you can see how much time
you spend in your peak heart rate zone
how much time you spent in the cardio
burn and fat burning zones which is so
fun right yeah so cool good nice
breather and switch it up
leaves it out remembered teeth nice deep
breaths
in here every time you inhale exhale and
try to release and deepen your stretch
feeling a nice twist nice rotation good
and then this last one is for all my
mamas right who holding their babies
working at the desk this is the trap
release so you want your palms towards
the floor all right they can touch great
you're gonna tilt your head to the right
you're gonna press the left heel of your
hand into the floor so you're trying to
press into the floor with the heel of
your hand and you're tilting your head
to the side now you might come forward a
little bit with the tilt wherever it
feels tight in your trap or in your neck
and you're just releasing all those
muscles I know it love this one
beautiful press the heel of that right
hand into the floor you're actively
depressing that shoulder by doing that
and then it really does length and fully
lengthens all that range of motion
through the neck as you just tilt the
head to the side you don't have to
really jar it just till hold breathe
awesome now the last one we're gonna do
is the seated chest stretch so I want
you to bring your hands behind your back
clasp your hands together if you can
right it's little hearts you can do this
one standing as well roll your shoulder
blades back and open that chest so you
get a nice chest opener here good you
can nice deep breath in open those
shoulders nice work you guys
awesome job today you guys little cardio
strength you guys cardio is so important
to your overall health but so is
strength so make sure to check us out
next week we're gonna be bringing you a
ten minute core workout that I've been
loving since having baby Luca you're
gonna love it too we'll see you soon
