today we have a full body sculpt with
one of our favorite celebrity trainers
ostrich Swan this episode of class fish
sugar is presented by Tori sport a
performance activewear line by tory
burch this workout is all about creating
long and lean muscles you don't need any
equipment but you can add resistance
with a pair of light free weights if you
want that extra challenge love it so
let's do it go
alright guys are you ready to get
longley okay so for a modification take
a look at Anna and forge all out you got
Rachel and you have a little bit of me
so let's get started here I'm gonna have
you take your feet a little bit wider
than hip width and I want you to make
the strongest fist you possibly can
right so put all the tension into your
fists tuck your tailbone and then from
here you're gonna think like you have a
pencil at the end of your chin and
you're gonna do slow super slow
exaggerated circles so how good does
that feel
oh good just right in right so before I
like to do anything it's just kind of
setting the tone and getting your mind
and body to connect let's go two more
this way and then we're gonna go the
other way so making a fist makes all the
difference in the world right release
we're trying to roll yeah and radiate
through the floor and let's go the other
way one side usually feels a little more
open than the other yup
pull all the sounds right - two more
times
Oh yep I don't think people know how
many muscles are actually in the neck I
feel like I know whatever I'm in traffic
I'm like oh there it is there's the
Cajun good one more and then let's take
a deep breath inhale and let it all go
two more inhale up and let it go one
more big inhale and let it go let's step
to the back of the mat here and we're
gonna caterpillar walk out you want to
think keeping your legs as straight as
possible however if you're really tight
by all means you can bend down a little
bit but we want to slow
walk the hands out do your best to keep
your heels as flat as possible until the
very end right there into a plank I like
to shift forward over my toes really
tuck and squeeze the glutes and then
you're gonna tiptoe your feet forward as
high as you can so you're in a pike
great feel that stretch right there on
the hamstrings in the back and then
you're gonna walk your toes back to
plank squeeze again slowly walk your
hands back to your feet take a breath
round yourself up and we're gonna keep
doing it so every single time should
feel a little bit better a little more
open
maybe the heels stayed down a second
longer than it did back to your plank
and then tiptoe the toes up start to
warm up the shoulders good and then walk
the feet back to your plank squeeze lift
the hips press through the palms flatten
the feet and again slowly round up let's
do it two more times big breath Oh
starting to feel the heat created into
the body right
squeeze engage your belly button tiptoe
all the way up maybe we can get a little
further this time nice Rachel shoulders
start to burn look what in a good way
Anna yeah and then walk your hands back
round up one more time maybe even roll
your shoulders since they are getting a
little tight yeah
and last time walk out
after working - I know I thought that
whoa always a good thing you have
specially men get into this pike all the
way up and you're gonna come back to the
plank here hold it for a moment squeeze
shift forward yep you can take the
modification drop into the knees and go
ahead release down
so I'm gonna how do you bring your one
leg forward and your other leg back so
we're gonna try to get a 90 90 most of
us are really tight in the hips right
makes it a lot we drive a lot so from
here I want you to think about engaging
leaning forward and then you can use
your hands if you need so Anna's knees
are hands I and Rachel we're gonna try
to not open it up feel that wolf and
then shift to the other side we can lean
forward a little bit should feel a nice
opening in the back right there right
yeah and open shift so I call this
ninety nine he also sort of like a
cheerleading pose right I'm in awe I
manage and shift good and then try to
drop that hip a little bit more we're
gonna go one more each way
nice and then last one open okay I think
myself getting better at this but it's
good to have at least the modification
to get you there it is because when do
we take the time to really go that way
so from here I'm gonna have you roll
down onto your back you can place your
hands down on the floor you're gonna
lift your knees up to tabletop press
your spine down
I call this scrambled egg so you're
gonna go almost like an eggbeater right
one foot out you kind of make a circle
feels a little weird but it also feels
good right fun you're a kid again now
what's gonna get crazy as I'm gonna have
you go the other way there's always the
one side it's like tapping your head and
trying to rub your belly that you're
like wait that didn't work out so well
good and then switch again and kind of
feel like if you have a pinch in your
hip right starts to loosen up one more
switching directions and then I'm gonna
have you take a figure four so cross one
foot over doesn't matter which one and
then we're gonna roll your hips up
slightly flex your heels how's that
stretch yep and then you're gonna switch
to do the other side and you kind of get
that roll of the hips so again your
belly is engaged and roll up roll up
let's go four more and three
- oh one more good and then go ahead
just wrap your knees tight to your chest
arms wrap around and give yourself a
little rock side to side
okay so now we're gonna continue to warm
up the core right so I want you to start
rocking forwards and backwards massage
out your spine think about keeping your
heels close to your gluts and they're
gonna rock up a little higher
good nice see how anna has her hands
down on the floor giving herself a
little bit of a base three more Rachel
how you doing
quiet one more you're gonna come all the
way up plant your feet so option you can
put your hands underneath your thighs
and you're gonna seek her roll yourself
down so from here I think tailbone tucks
spine starts rolling bellybutton rolls
in slowly slowly down just hover the
shoulder blades and then tuck your chin
round slowly up so you have this grip if
you need it right however if you want it
a little bit more advanced do it without
the assistance slowly roll through try
to keep the tension out of your neck and
up I kind of walk up and down my thighs
totally right so whatever helps you
that's all we want right we all work at
different levels good two more slowly
roll on the way down
and one more you're gonna go to your
halfway point here so we're gonna roll
halfway down find your point might be a
little lower squeeze your glutes tuck
your tailbone there you go little pulses
[Music]
good so this is an option for you right
you can kind of get your biceps involved
and assist your abs a bit ten nine eight
seven breathe six are you breathing yes
four three two roll all the way down
bring one knee into your chest
shoot your other leg out now think nose
to me and then we're gonna switch nose
to me good if you need to take a moment
in between to modify rest sore head
then lift up you can rest your head then
crunch up if you're good then try to
keep yourself up in the crunch the whole
time good feel the lengthening in the
bottom leg stretch and pulling that knee
in for the top leg babe good here we go
you have an Hiller's all over the place
right now right just a little bit of
core work for some long lean muscles
here great six and four Shh two more and
finish out your last one great go ahead
and rock yourself on up and we're gonna
flip so now we're gonna be in a push-up
position so similar to what we just did
driving the knee in we're gonna do with
a push-up modify on the knees I didn't
join us in the plank
Rachel we're gonna be here starting in a
push-up shift forward lower down then
you're gonna pull the nose and knee
together as one return push-up
excellently up and then switch so what I
would love to see here is when you're
driving the knee in then you're almost
rounding the upper back a little bit so
the belly will really get some
engagement and just that little lift in
everything and yeah that little extra
good you look great I'm gonna join you
here let's go two more and then make
sure you even your sides one more and
then we're gonna grab if you choose to
take it up a notch one of your dumbbells
here so we're gonna lower down to a
forearm plank open up your feet a little
bit wider make sure that hip is tough
because it's gonna want to raise and I'm
taking the modification on her knees so
we're gonna go tricep kickback
[Music]
so because the weights if you're using
them are lighter I really want you to
focus on the extension and it's creating
her own resistance doing more of a pulse
but obviously flexing in the back of the
arm there and the ABS are on good yeah
they are I really feel the obliques go
five and four three two now if you can
we're gonna fold the arm right in and
transition to a side plank modify you're
gonna drop down to the bottom knee good
if you have the weight we're gonna lift
up and then you're gonna rotate
underneath so Anna that's perfect just
get the arm for the rotation up and
pivot this whole
in the obliques good good I love it oh
here we go
shoulders for more glue perfect three
I've got great news you're gonna lay on
your side after this oh yeah yep do Shh
one more and then go ahead and lay
yourself all the way down so you can
choose it was like what down you can lay
all the way flat if that's comfortable
for you I like to prop myself up a bit
so we're gonna stack the hips bottom leg
is bent perfect again you want to add a
little bit and you can bring this weight
engage your belly and we're gonna lift
and lower right there so smaller
movements okay good and then whether or
not you have a weight I want you to
think how much resistance can I work
through right right
flex the heel good we're gonna hold it
up in three two and hold it up right
there turn your toe down a bit and just
little pulses honestly just using your
arm to push against the leg is like
three to five pound one leg meal should
talk about it yeah keep policy three to
probably want to drop your leg try not
to hold it circles backwards small they
let your feel is one this drawing it
you know when you start making those
sounds like huh great good what I love
about this is we don't need a lot of
space
ya can do it anywhere on the carpet
watching TV
good hold it and one more pause Oh ten
nine breathing eight seven six five good
four three two we're not done so I want
you to get back onto your hands and
knees hands directly under your
shoulders core super tight so the leg we
are just working I want you to bring
that to the outside of your mat and
think that your mat is your goal so
we're gonna go up and to the other side
what I don't want you to do is thinking
you have to get your legs so high that
you start arching your back so more
controlled not as high
squeezing the glute that it has this
feel-good thing that be your answer
these moves are you know really the
slower the better because it makes them
more difficult to control right because
you're not using momentum right we're
controlling the muscle everything is
working together the core is our solid
base here Shh good let's go five nice
and four good three perfect two and one
take a child's pose able it into that
hip feels good right you're still with
me loving it and then just switch to the
other side yeah I know you're welcome
you're welcome yeah good okay so now I
want you to grab your weights if you are
gonna use them and we're going to start
in a kneeling position you don't have
weights or again creating your own
resistance so sit back onto your heels
and as you come up you're gonna squeeze
your gluts and you're gonna raise your
arms good sit back nice and lift drop
back great relax your shoulders we don't
want any more tension in the neck right
we did all that stuff in the beginning
to loosen up
[Music]
nice so every time quads as you go up
you have moving your unity squad down
again we're focused on the lean and the
tone
three more I'm gonna stay up on the
third to stay up on this one and if you
have your weights bring them to your
shoulders and we're just gonna go
parallel press so Anna again I want you
to think like you have to create the
resistance through mud tuck and squeeze
neck is long
guys they're looking good times people
also need to focus on how to drop the
shoulders as they raise the arms right
so if you don't have weight you really
focus on dropping your shoulders and not
hunching exactly now let's go four more
and three two one more great let's take
a moment have some water before we do
the other side how we feelin so far so
good
everything is strong and burden without
them cheers Suzanne who hmm
I love it all right so let's if you're
gonna use your weight to bring them over
get them ready I'm gonna move my water
to just in case I'm thirsty and we're
gonna start with the push-ups to the
knee Drive so again take your
modification if you need on your knees
and here we go every move is slow in
control so shift forward belly tight
lower down on the inhale exhale press up
drive the knee and nose together round
the spine and switch exhale pull in
perfect so take your time of this
especially push-ups I don't want to see
it's bad form lose my rep much rather
have a modified version
[Music]
and exhale one more each side
[Music]
even it up
[Music]
oh great so now we're gonna come into
that forearm plank and if you are using
the weight we're gonna get that tricep
tooth back if you're not I wanted a
pulse that arm back creating your own
resistance so open up your feet a little
bit wider tuck that hip and here we go
squeeze good perfect
Rachel oh this one's a killer
okay yeah you got abs and be really
aware of your form here cuz as we start
feeling tired we start taking a little
look what I like to say not to the
proper form so make sure that hip is
dropped five four no remember we're
gonna try to transition without dropping
unless you need to and one you're gonna
fold that arm in open up side plank
modify dropping that bottom knee and
we're gonna pivot Shh wrap under squeeze
the shoulder blades keep the hips lifted
good very nice yeah we're turning the
toes
[Music]
yep three more remember there's a gift
coming you get to lay on your side yeah
the other gifts of that burn good too
and one more great go ahead and lay
yourself down again whatever is most
comfortable for you
bottom leg is Bend top like a straight
top the hip forward if you want that
little extra resistance grab your weight
all right here we go
so lift and lower small movement
controlled good yep Anna's pressing down
with no hand yeah and it is awesome
resistance there you go realize just how
much you would feel so again just
another point that you don't have to
have a gym don't have to have weights
you create your own here perfect
let's go six
[Music]
and five four three two remember gonna
hold it up turn that toe down a little
bit more in little pulses vein this is
where you hope you're watching like TV
or you have a good Jam writing because
you got to take your mind off of it
right maybe you can even scroll on your
phone maybe yeah whatever Ben's doing
here here we go five four try not to
drop it three good to hold it up I'm
going to circle it back
Oh drawing with a healer this is the one
right right there squeeze so small yet
so effective good five now I'm gonna
warn you again we have that pulse coming
up three two hold it up ten pulses up
here we go ten nine eight seven six five
four three two and good whoa very nice
now a nice like done we're gonna get on
our hands and knees and we're gonna go
for that rainbow over so starting with
the leg that we just worked
bringing it to the outside of your mat
and remember that's gonna be your guide
so we're going to list squeeze the glute
and tap without arching the spine
hands directly under the shoulders
good I don't know about you guys but I
definitely feel my whole but yes yeah
every month all the good spots but this
is the kind of work that built that
joint integrity so if you are doing
piles are you doing heavier lifting all
those small muscle groups that surround
the joint are so stable right and all
that hip opening work that we did yeah
just really gets this a little more
focused right great let's go six up and
over and five four you don't need to
rush it know you want to I know you
wanted to be over every great get that
Child's Pose coming up into whoo yeah
and one more up the one that counts good
and then go ahead and I want you to fit
into that hip read not so bad not so bad
you got all the way through the low back
to your right and then go ahead and just
take it to the other side deep breath
and I'm gonna have you stand on up no
weights needed here you can put your
hands on your hips though and we're
gonna go alternating forward lunges so
don't take the biggest step forward
because I don't want to use strain but I
want you to press off your front heel so
we're gonna drop down 90 90 and press up
drop down 99 me great feeling good back
there yeah oh yeah good so be aware that
you're not shifting forward you want to
keep even weight between the two legs
[Music]
good kind of loosening everything up
that we just work there right yeah great
three more Shh - and your last one great
and let's open up to the front here turn
your toes out slightly just slightly
don't become a prima ballerina here feet
a little bit wider than hip width and
we're going to drop down tuck your
tailbone abs tight and we're just gonna
sit here and oh yeah great as long
shoulders are down relaxed but all the
burn happen right here
good let's go ten breathe nine eight
seven six five four three two whew shake
out the bladder let's go ahead and lay
on your back if you want your weight
grab them
deep breath we're at the end here so
we're gonna work a little bit of the
upper body and the core again so from
here if you have your weights bring them
up if not still bring them up you're
gonna send your legs straight when I
took that exhale I really pushed my
spine into the mat you're gonna inhale
open up your arms lower your legs don't
let your back arch exhale scoop around
lift your shoulder blades if you can
everything comes back up headrest inhale
open exhale wrap around repeat
inhale good see how Ana taking her
modification with bent knees not going
as low with the range of motion inhale
exhale round and read you one more
inhale and exhale squeeze nice and tight
let's take a moment to reset
you're gonna lift up your back arm and
we're gonna hold it strong so that's
gonna be your counterbalance and I'm
gonna keep your knees at tabletop and
Rachel we are gonna try to extend the
legs out to the level that you can
handle from there
we're gonna go single arm chest fly your
head is rested Oh
[Music]
gravity yeah I know just that me you're
back there trying to keep your low back
down into allenge yeah we don't want to
arch right it's a no space between if
you do feel that lift your legs a little
higher or take that bend in the knee yep
two more one more and we're gonna reset
again pull the knees in if at any point
you have to reset before we do I always
want people to take that option instead
of getting themselves into a tricky area
of bad form right so bring your arms
strong if you're going to shoot your
legs out do so make sure your back stays
flat and here we go opposite arms chest
fly keeping your back press down might
feel a little more fatigue on this one
yeah yeah did you know because I'm with
you right I'm here for you we got this
as a team go for more Shh press that's
fine down three two one more and
set we have one more thing if you are
going to use your weights one final deal
knees pulled in bring them up to
tabletop shoot your arms straight up and
then move them slightly back so they're
more in line with your earlobes and
we're gonna go small crusher as you go
starting your legs out in a bicycle so
Anna no weight but you still create
great the resistance the opposition the
spine and belly in getting long with
those legs and still keeping the control
hey it's six more I really like smooth
good for you got this three and two the
last one is the one that I always live
for it's the one that counts and then go
ahead if you have your weights put them
to the side pull your knees back in and
like we started from the beginning I
want you to go one leg out one knee into
your chest breathe uh relax your
shoulders and switch and switch
so your core should be really worked
your body should feel long lean it
should be feeling open check check check
let's go four and we're gonna finish
with a traditional Pilates move good one
more each side and right here take a
moment we're gonna send the arms on the
legs and if you want to take a
modification you can 100% take your
hands underneath your lower back if that
feels good
thank you your knees bent a tabletop
Rachel we're gonna shoot those arms
forward lift our chest up shoulders up
and shoot your legs out palms down and
here you go pump your arms and make big
exhales energy into your fingertips back
press down this is where you wish you
weren't good at math you'd be like I
think we're at 100 good make him lower
your legs a little bit more how's that
heat it's a very intense
inhale and exhale two more times inhale
great I hear that great breath back
there and last one
and pull your knees in arrest your head
whoo Wow guys great job
mm-hmm I'm gonna have you roll back up
I'm gonna get back into that 9090
position that cheerleading pose and then
I want you to stretch that arm up and
over lengthen through breathe and then
go ahead take your back leg cross it
over sit tall
wrap your arm around pull the knee in
towards your chest as you yourself a
twist
yep the glutes that back pocket I always
like to refer to yeah it feels a great
stretch here in the piriformis and go
ahead and untwist from here we'll do the
other side sit tall and we're gonna
reach up and over
[Music]
and then go ahead cross this leg labor
which tighter I was gonna say that's why
for me I'm sooo much better really and
sit tall hold the knee and gave yourself
a twist and defriend
you guys great job I hope you feel good
and we'll see you again next time
[Music]
