hey beautiful people it's Dasia and
today I have a Mother's Day workout just
for you remember those moves you used to
do with your mom as a kid well I'm
bringing them back in this throwback
dance workout this dance fit sugar is
presented by Samsung Galaxy watch action
I have two very special guests here with
me today my mom will be showing you all
of the low-impact modifications and the
well advisor mean Ally will be doing
some of the more advanced options
we're using our Samsung Galaxy watch
actives to keep track of our heart rates
and our calories you ready let's do this
start your watches tiny shoulder bounce
it's flexed the hands just take those
shoulders cut them down you're only here
for a little while
getting that upper body nice and warm
we're taking our arms out to second and
three two one arms all the way up just
twist and turn the shoulders here I'm so
excited to celebrate Mother's Day with
this workout and I got my mom a galaxy
watch active so she can track her steps
her heart rate calories and more let's
tap the feet forward stepping the feet
forward arms going out to a diagonal if
you're with me now and just tapping it
here with mom beautiful mom what's your
favorite feature on the watch that I can
read my text messages from you on my
wife oh I love that
bring your feet together single Single
Double side to side here we go
single Single Double keep working those
hips
we're gonna add the arms in here so we
own side to side and around
that's it
[Music]
are you guys having fun yet we're move
we're peppy first squats in four in
three in two and one take those feet
nice and wide down and up for squats you
can shorten your range of motion like my
mom or go a little deeper like Nina this
is an all levels workout and I want your
body to be your guide throughout this
workout we're gonna be looking at our
watches to make sure we're getting our
heart rates up take your arm out to the
side there we go I have some cardio
intervals coming up in this workout so
I'm hoping to get my heart rate up to
about 130 bpm two more beautiful start
getting those feet working up a little
pat speed here on forward and in
there we go
we're gonna have a little fun with it
take it around the world four three two
one turn it another quarter turn let's
go one more creditor bringing it back to
the front
you're not here for long eight seven six
five four three two one bring those feet
in let's go down our arms let's put
those beautiful dresses on hands down
the body put our stockings on we're
getting ready for a big party silk
gloves on same thing from the top take
your arms up get up take the hands down
the body put those leggings on last time
with the souks clothes beautiful
tuck the feet out and swing the arms
here so mommy you can keep it nice and
low me now you can take your arms a
little further there and get a little
deeper in your squad keep breathing
let's take this one around the world
three two one here we go turn another
quarter turn
two more quarter turns to go let's get
it
last one stepping the feet front and
back slow so slow slow too quick bring
them together slow slow quick quick slow
nice Meena I think you can take it a
little further out that pas de Bouree
mom keep it right there for three more
[Music]
stay in it yeah
[Music]
last one we're gonna take four marches
to the front so just watch me four
marches up then roll those hips back
here we go let's finish strong keep
moving that body
[Music]
eight more let's go
[Music]
got it got it mom's got it last one
[Music]
beautiful
awesome work you guys feel warm yes
great Nina with your heart rate I was up
to 140 a second ago how amazing how
about you mom
mine is 141 my heart rate is 140 whew
well let's get right back into it
we start with some snake body rolls to
the left and then take it to the right
two times each way there we go keep
grooving with us at home just like that
we're gonna take the arms out in in it's
a little pull step here we go and in
pull it in there we go
now send your hips straight back and
pull it right in now we have to booty
pops to the back for walks to the front
in three two one here we go back back
walk it out
if you want this dance option Nina's
gonna skip it out there we go I'm right
here with you mom that's it four more
like that last three that's one nice one
take your arms out nice beautiful pub
there we go alright everybody we're
gonna move into some rock and roll take
one arm out to the side do some big
guitar strum
yeah that's it switch to the other side
we're about to jump into the crowd get
into the mosh pit and jump it out mom
we're just gonna march right here so
much there we go you can add some rock
and roll on to it a fist bump
that's awesome jumping it out get crazy
with it
now what I love about dance is that it
is a sneaky way to get your steps in I
have a step ball on my galaxy watch
active and if I'm short of it it's
always so much more fun to dance it out
and then walk it up out of mom all right
we're gonna move into the arms and then
to step back with rocker horns so
forward forward forward forward rocket
back nice and slow one more time like
that forward forward
arms go out to the side take it back to
time let's beat it up five six seven
eight
rock it out
[Music]
two more
[Music]
black mud
awesome now we're gonna take our arms
out to a hell roll hips take it down and
bring it back there we go so let's do it
to the other side I'll roll those hips
take it down bring it up here we go I
roll
throw it around down
wrong
I'll roll down
give me two more just like that that's
awesome last one
and now we're gonna just roll it around
town just like that keep grooving keep
moving let's take it around in this
circle there we go keep those arms up
nice and high keep moving those hips
nice work you're here for four three two
one
all right get those guitars out let's
strum it forward and back
are you sweating it oh yeah keep
grooving it out four three two switch
[Music]
that's it we're moving into two silver
rolls should be brought to me back for
three two and one roll roll
Oh Jimmy you got my mom
[Music]
well there we go
Jimmy two more boom last one
this time I want you to skip it out Nina
so skip it back mom you can just march
it out that's it
that's it girl
[Music]
we're coming up to that big guitar solo
it's coming for you
you're here for
three two and one get out that guitar
play it all the way to the end there
rock it out
[Music]
yeah well all the way
[Music]
oh great job guys that was so much fun
thanks for rocking out with me alright
now we're gonna move into a little 60s
dance spray so we start with a little
swim just swim it out alright got this
one down mom
all right ladies plug your dog so we're
going under there we go
let's swim it out left to right here we
go swim mean up what's your favorite
feature on the watch I love that it
tracks 39 different exercises now get
creative with your swim however you want
to
[Music]
I'm phasing we got some door knockers
going down so dip down down sway sway
down down down down
[Music]
nice work let's whist it out whoo oh
yeah
get a little mashed potato in there like
you're smashing a bug back to their
little twist all right we're gonna take
a quick water break so next we have a
little AB section take those feet out
nice and wide fingertips place behind
the head nice and light we're gonna do a
triple pulse to each side starting on
the left here we go
pulse pulse pulse bring it back up other
side there we go stick with this move
here we're working the obliques right
here how you doing mom I'm feeling great
how about you Mina I'm good good you
need two more just like that and then
we'll single it out reach for that angle
and if you need an advanced option drop
down into a sumo squat so it's down and
up down and back up here with you mom
there we go I'll stay down girl then it
down
you're gonna go to some standing bikes
here bring those feet together just
crunch opposite knee to opposite elbow
nice little twist there
[Music]
now we're going to reach to the sky and
pull our hands down to our knees so up
down there we go
like where are we going with that now
we're not here for long nice work all
right mom you're gonna go down to all
fours your hands and knees for a bird
dog so she's gonna be reaching out the
opposite hand at the foot and coming
back in nice and slow at her own tempo
they'll reach that hand out I reach this
foot back good other side try to bring
your world a little forward there we go
awesome I got my mom I'll set me now
we're gonna go warm it all the way out
to plank walk it in to a nice bear crawl
walk it back out into him back up little
jump
[Music]
[Music]
she's breathing here make sure that back
seat nice flat when you get into your
bear crawl and you're playing
[Music]
give me two more here and then mom your
hop right up to your feet awesome let's
go back to standing bikes keep twisting
the body here now we're about to take
the same elbow to the same knee and make
it a side crunch here so side to side
[Music]
can we go single Single Double
keep working those obliques here we go
single single twice on that side there
we go
[Music]
you're almost done
[Music]
try to keep a smile on your face while
you do it
last one you're done alright let's check
our heart rates one more time
where ya Mina I'm at 125 nice work mom
I'm at 127 and I'm at 127 all right are
you guys ready to move into throwback
90s whoa all right Mina I think you know
how to do the Cabbage Patch know you I I
think show us Oh mom can we get in on
that there we go
make it a party there go all the way
around
[Music]
there we go oh we're going this way yeah
yeah I can take it around again so many
times if you want we're here for eight
seven six all right three two one
I got one more 90s group for you you
ready to learn one more 90s we're back
down yeah let's learn I'm running all
right let's do it
I think we can learn this one here we go
so we're gonna take a tiny step forward
slide that back foot a little bit back
so forward step it back forward slide it
just take it back look
right now we're not really on the music
yet but it's gonna get a little faster
so mom if you want to keep it here you
can start pulling the arms in okay
there's a modification now Mina we're
gonna take it a little faster half ask
me going deja just right there alright I
think you can take it a little faster
add a hop back now we're doing the
running man am i doing it you're getting
close keep practicing there you go
the sneakers don't oh there it is there
it is mom how you doing over here
I'm holding it down for three yeah 2 and
1 remember you can always bring it back
to the mob let's shake it over to the
right and then to the left I see you
four three two one let me see you pose
it out
another pose another pose Oh another
prob
all right it's almost time to bring it
home for the grand finale but I want you
guys to check your heart rates one more
time where we at mom I'm at 127 all
right Nina
122 all right let's kick it into the
grand finale we're gonna take that heart
rate just a little bit higher so as soon
as we find the beat we got single claps
and double claps yeah here we go let's
all find the rhythm together so double
single just a little step touch side to
side
[Music]
now we're gonna stop pushing the arms up
and tapping the beat side to side so
those pump and that highs if you can
take this to a jack
mom just keep stepping it out right
there taking our arms out and up
[Music]
keep breathing thanks for the reminder
[Laughter]
[Music]
eight more six more you got this last
four three we got a chair pose boogie in
three two one here we go
take it down bring it up now if you need
a little more of an advanced option
Mina's going a little lower in her chair
there we go nice buggy
[Music]
next we got another cardio interval
we're gonna skip some rope for in three
two one skip it out let's go flip and
right
[Music]
my hurry definitely giving you up are
you yeah take it around the world corner
turn huh one more all right bring it
back to the front nice work
open the arms and close them 90-degree
angles here take the chest out in now
we're gonna add a little double jump and
three in two in one week go out out out
out in
[Music]
or more three more two more
clap it all around let's go the big
dance party in your living room in your
kitchen whatever you're a party with you
mom that's it whoa right here for eight
seven six five
alright I'm gonna bring some dances back
let's start with our door knockers going
down for two sways three two one we take
it down swing this way okay so you got
it we got the swim coming max in three
in two in one let's win however you want
to swim
it's your freestyle slam oh let's do the
jerk here we go
[Music]
nice work music alright we really
crushed that one you know what's your
heart rate my heart rates at 140 now
that's awesome how about you mom Oh mine
is that 130 oh that's so awesome
my heart rate is about 140 right now
whoo okay we got it up yeah all right
guys let's cool it down
so let's simply take our hips just
softly left to right let's bring one arm
across the body get a nice arm stretch
try to keep those hips right
three two
[Music]
so good I had a lot of fun all right
let's take that arm behind the head
stretch out those triceps right there
[Music]
other arm
nice work take those arms all the way up
nice high reach
[Music]
one more with you deep breath up there
we go take one foot forward and you're
gonna pull the other foot in for a nice
quad stretch
[Music]
and switch leg
[Music]
it's work and we're gonna end this
workout just a little differently with a
short breathing exercise I've been using
the breathing exercises feature on my
Galaxy watch active and it really helps
me feel refreshed I love that data
I've been tracking my sleep with my
watch - and incorporating both breathing
exercises really helped me a lot I love
it alright let's take one hand and place
it over our heart and the other hand on
our gut you can close your eyes here if
you want just take a big deep inhale and
exhale another deep inhale and exhale
and we're gonna check our watches one
more time what was your calorie burn
Mike how he burned was 274 Oh awesome
what about you mom my calorie burn was
280 amazing and I burned a smooth one 71
and I just got a notification on my
watch that there's us happy Mother's Day
mom thank you so much and thank you so
much for coming to workout with us today
it's just so much fun on set with me it
was so much fun it was my mom has always
taught me to leave with love and she's
the reason I'm here today so
I live
[Music]
