[Music]
hi guys welcome to another vlog I hope
you all are enjoying the vlogs because
creativity right now with content is
definitely being tested because we
cannot leave our apartment so I hope you
guys are liking them today's gonna be a
fun day because we're doing a little
office room makeover which should be
really good it's been on my to-do list
for a while so I'm really excited to do
that I just got out of the shower I'm
clearly getting ready for the day
why I'm sure I'm not going anywhere but
you know I just like to look cute it
makes me feel like I'm doing normal
things as you guys saw I did a little
at-home workout this morning which I'm
gonna be honest with you guys I don't do
everyday it's really tough to find the
motivation to do it I just did like a
quick 10-minute one I try to do
something every day it doesn't always
happen by any means but I really try to
thank goodness I work with athletics
every month you guys obviously know this
if you follow me on social and even on
here which by the way this video is
going to be sponsored by them I really
love I really love working with them and
honestly by working with them every
month it really it keeps me in check and
keeps me motivated and makes me feel
like I need to be doing more and like
doing more things I get this workout
gear that I really like and I'm like
okay I need to get it together do some
at home workouts or just like do an
activity the leopard set that you guys
saw me workout in briefly this morning I
really like that I love their workouts
that's their only so soft and so
breathable another piece I'm excited
about is this like coral colored bra top
and it's actually a halter which i think
is really unique for them I think I'm
gonna wear that today to paint in for a
little office we're going to
and then the last one is like this
purple lounge set which I love
especially right now that's kind of what
I feel like we all want besides like
workout gear to stay motivated it's like
just comfies and that's exactly what
that is like always I'll have a link in
the description box below and remember
if you sign up as a div yet you get two
leggings for $24 which is a super great
deal also being a VIP has so many other
perks one an example you get access to
limited-edition collections a lot of
pieces you can only get if you're a VIP
so it's super cool we'll set up so I'm
another link below if you guys want to
go check that out so I'm gonna finish
getting ready and I will see you guys
and when we start to paint this is the
first New York City apartment we've had
that we are allowed to paint in which is
really exciting
as we're definitely taking advantage of
it this is our office area it's an open
concept if you remember from our move-in
vlog it's kind of been our place where
we just throw things in right now
because we haven't really had a chance
to complete it we were focusing all like
the main living and bedrooms I've
enlisted the help of this lovely man
we've never actually painted anything in
our lives
I mean besides like all right traps but
never like a wall okay so this is the
paint we're using you obviously can't
see it yet but I just wanted to share
with you guys in case you're looking for
like a little fun at home project right
now this Clair company has was really
handy so I basically ordered about five
different color swatches online and they
came as like big stickers so you could
stick them on your wall and like really
see what it looked like they weren't
just like little squares so I got a
gallon I don't need this much but I
that's the minimum size you could get
which is fine I'll find other ways to
use it or if we need to like touch up or
anything and then you can also get this
whole kit which is really handy
obviously we've never had any of this
stuff like a drop cloth a brush roller
trays tape like all of that so super
handy
[Music]
okay you're all taped up thanks to
Patrick now at the fun part
[Music]
[Music]
we have the first coat done only a few
mistakes we've got it on the ceiling a
little bit and I drift a little bit of
the paint on the sidewalk but it's fine
we'll just touch that up later
[Music]
- the few mistakes which you know I feel
like it's supposed to happen when you're
painting the wall for the first time
which we're gonna have to ask super for
the white paint they used in this
apartment so we can touch that up but I
think we'll probably do that tomorrow or
the next day whatever they can get it to
us honestly but I absolutely love it no
way I got it first try did you dude some
of us take me like 20 minutes it is the
next day we wanted to wait a full day
before we started hanging things on the
wall which obviously you can see Patrick
hung this mirror which I'm talking to
you guys through right now but I want to
give you guys a little office room
updates you can kind of see how it
turned out okay this is how it looks
right now obviously there's gonna be a
few changes I'll start by telling you
guys stuff that's gonna stay at least
for now the desk obviously my desk over
here I've had for forever it's seen
better days but it works just fine so
I'm gonna keep that there
this bench which is from Urban
Outfitters I really like these pillows
though are from our bedroom so those
won't be staying I'm just kind of
playing around with decor same with like
this little plant over here I don't know
if I'm gonna keep it there we're just
kind of messing around until I can find
stuff that I like the clothing rack
obviously is going to stay I think that
looks super cute they're perfect for my
office and then oh we have the light
installed I think I mentioned that in a
different video but I've been wanting to
put up that flush mount for a while
finally got it up and then around the
mirror like not a ton of things but I do
want to put some photographs I'm kind of
thinking like a black-and-white vibe I'm
not sure yet
maybe some of Patrick's photos I think
that would look super good there I don't
want to over clutter it I want it to
keep it very simple and minimal like
it's the first thing you see when you
walk in so I just want to keep it very
clean absolutely
love how the paint turned out it was
literally a white box before and this
just gives it so much more dimension
[Music]
that is how it's looking as of now
obviously I will keep you guys updated
also don't mind the Blue Chair and me
paint the Blue Chair is actually going
to Carrie and Julia so whenever they get
back I will give it to them right now
it's just chilling and wherever it finds
a place but yeah ignore that stuff like
I said I'll keep you guys updated with
other changes but in the meantime I
guess I can show you a few other things
I've done around the apartment just
decor wise there's a few updates with
this console table this is kind of gonna
be forever
not changing but switching up because
patrick has so many books that they tend
to pile up pretty easily so we just try
to keep it as organized as we can but
it's definitely utilize its like there's
so many books in here but a few things
we are I changed to it this plant I got
from Target I really like how it kind of
cascades out of it I think that looks
really cool I also added this mushroom
looking lamp here I think it looks super
good plus this is really nice at night
because we can turn it on and it kind of
acts as a little hallway light without
using these huge ones up here so I
really like that and then in the kitchen
I added this runner rug which I think
looks super good
it's from Lulu and Georgia it has like
burgundy blue I love it it was a tough
to style this kitchen because I've never
had a blue kitchen before but I think
the dark colors look super good with it
and then the wooden stools with this
island and then this is the last major
decor change I've done and this is in
our bedroom on our bedroom dresser I
absolutely love how it turned out I just
think it looks super good it matches all
of our decor which I'll show you more of
our bedroom later but this is just kind
of what I've been working on because I
did not know how to fill this much
dresser space without it looking too
cluttered
so I have a lamp which is from West Elm
anthropology
Patrick hey our wedding a few of his
books as you'll get to know soon they're
scattered everywhere and used istic or
unless he needs to read them got a
candle my jewelry holder a vase and then
these dried palms which are from Urban
Outfitters so as you can tell that's
what I've been spending my time doing I
have been trying to find ways to occupy
my time and for me that has been and
what's been really fun for me is just
looking at decor watching like apartment
tours watching renovation videos I just
find that super interesting right now
and I've never actually put so much time
and effort into one of our apartments
before like I've always loved our
apartment and I've always loved just
living in New York City but that was
never like a priority for me
because I would I don't know I just
spent most of my time like being out and
with friends and since now we can't do
that or traveling and since now we can't
do that
I feel like this is the most put
together I've ever been in an apartment
I'm like really making sure everything
has a place everything is like clean
these past two months have been crazy
and I never thought I'd say I'm sick of
watching TV but I'm kind of getting to
the point now where I don't want to
watch shows I don't watch movies I just
want to do things so that's where I'm at
right now
so decor has been so great and kind of
my escape from everything okay I'm gonna
make some dinner now it's very actually
kind of similar to what I made in my
what I ate in a day video involves
heirloom tomatoes again got some bread
crumbs cheese spinach and it's no key
this time so I'm gonna make that we're
also gonna make some garlic bread should
be pretty good
so I'm gonna take you guys along I'm
cooking I really love bread
[Music]
[Music]
I'm just about finished I'm going to
show you guys the sauce it's just about
done it just needs to think in a little
bit but after you put in the tomatoes
and the spinach you're just gonna let
the tomatoes soften and the spinach
soften it's crazy how much spinach you
can add and then how much it cooks down
to but you really want like a nice
creamy sauce it's gonna be really good
I'm very excited and then we're gonna
top it with the toasted bread crumbs
that I toasted earlier and parmesan and
if you want you can do red pepper flakes
which I'm pretty sure I do
[Music]
but that is it for my video today I
really hope you guys enjoyed it please
let me know if you have any video
requests and leave them in the comments
below those are always helpful
especially right now thank you again to
fabletics for partnering with me on this
video hope you guys are all having a
good day I love you all very much and I
will see you in my next video bye
