[Music]
today is Sunday and I thought it would
be a really cool idea to take you guys
along with me on a Sunday self-care day
and I'm not titling this a routine
because if I'm honest I feel like no one
really has a set in stone routine and
like a morning routine or a night
routine I used to make those on YouTube
and while they're great and all and
they're really fun to make I find myself
doing different stuff all the time so I
thought this would be a really good idea
because if I can do all of these things
on my Sunday or a variation of these
things I'm gonna have a good week so I
thought it would be a really good idea
to also upload this when it's still
somewhat of the new year to inspire you
guys to me rearrange your week or kind
of plan out your Sundays a little bit
different because for me doing all of
these things or if I get these done I go
into the week with like a clear mind I
feel good about stuff that I've done and
I can just go into it fresh with a lot
less stress anxiety all of that stuff
you don't want to deal with on a Monday
um but yeah I hope this is fun for you
guys to at least watch if not that take
something from it so let's get started
[Music]
first thing put on something comfy
pretty obvious and for me it's leggings
so today's video is going to be
sponsored by fabletics you guys know
I've been working with them for a while
absolutely love them and I thought this
video was a perfect fit because I don't
know about you but leggings are just
like some of them comfiest things to
just lounge around in we're at any day
of the week honestly but especially for
a Sunday so quickly I'm going to share
with you guys some of the new January
pieces that came out I just think that
they're super fun and they added a lot
of detail to them so starting off with
the two colored sets I'm gonna start off
with the pink one I love the pink color
I actually don't own a pink set so this
one was really fun to get I really
really like it I love the crisscross
detailing it has it both on this one and
on the purple one and I just love how
they mixed up the color
which i think is cool like for instance
on the purple one they have that layered
sports bra that has the different color
underneath and also the paneling on the
legging just little details like that I
just think are super cool definitely
appreciate it because I just think it's
fun to switch up your sets if you're
trying to be more motivated at least to
go to the gym or if you're just lounging
it really doesn't matter as long as you
feel good and what you're wearing that's
important and then also I love the mesh
paneling that they added so on the pink
one they have mesh on the legs and then
also in specific my favorite the white
set I love this one on the calf it has
this like crisscross mesh detailing and
it kind of reminds me of like a dance
outfit you guys know I used to dance so
I just love this one and not because it
could be a dance of it but just because
I feel like it had a unique flair to it
that made me think about it and I like
that and then for what I'm wearing I'm
with something a pretty chill so I'm
just wearing these espresso leggings
love them and then just a white pullover
I'm gonna kind of layer it with a jacket
when I need to go outside since it is a
little bit chilly so this is perfect
just for lounging so if you are
interested in any of the fabletics
pieces that I talked about I will have a
link in the description box below also
remember that if you sign up as a VIP
member you get two leggings for $24
which is an insane deal and trust me I
really really like these leggings they
are so comfortable so soft so definitely
go check that out
[Music]
cleaning not my favorite you know it's
some people find it therapeutic and I
just want it done
so Sunday's is a perfect day to just
bite the bullet and do it sweep dust mop
all that fun stuff it's just so nice to
go into a week with a clean space you
guys know that I work from home so
having an office space let alone a
living space that's not super cluttered
has helped me a lot over the past year
enough so it's crucial that we really
take the time to do this
besides that we like to grocery shop or
do laundry
in this case I don't know if you guys
know but we're going on our honeymoon
soon so groceries would spoil so we
decided to do laundry because we need a
bunch of clean clothes so we usually do
one of those things on Sunday in this
case it's laundry and clearing yay
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
one thing I do almost every Sunday and
this is without fail and that is spend
time with people that make me happy so
since my since my family isn't here I
have well my husband who lives my family
but most of the time on Sundays I
usually hang out with my friends so I
should say our friends because Patrick
is involved in that as well
but sometimes it's just us too and
sometimes it's the whole clan you guys
have seen in many vlogs but I wanted to
include this because since its titled
self-care I think it's at least for me
pretty self-explanatory but I find that
hanging out with people whether it's
brunch the self-care doesn't always
necessarily mean we do the healthiest
things we go out and we do boozy brunch
or we'll all have like a family movie in
this case today Patrick and I are just
walking around the park hanging out we
got coffees I promise you going into
Monday it makes me feel a lot better
knowing that I had a really good night
the night before with friends
[Music]
another thing I try to do and doesn't
matter what time of day I do it
sometimes I do it in the morning
sometimes I do it at night when I get
back some stuff but on Sundays I really
like to sit down and kind of look at
what I have for the rest of the week
kind of organized my week
so right now Patrick and I are actually
planning our honeymoon or finishing up
planning so I've been redoing a lot of
research on like stuff we can do for
that and then also planning videos for
you guys I'll go over what I need to
film for that week any brand
sponsorships things like that
so it definitely helps me go into my
Monday with a clearer idea of what I
have instead of waking up on Monday and
kind of panicking so that definitely
helps but if I already have that squared
away or maybe I just don't feel like
doing that because sometimes there's
definitely days where I don't and I wait
until a normal Monday I will just watch
YouTube videos
[Music]
making time for myself is definitely
something I tried to prioritize on the
Sunday and it doesn't have to be
anything crazy I will get my nails done
I hope maybe if I feel up to it I will
go get a facial or I'll just do a mask
at home maybe I'll take a bath it really
honestly depends like I said nothing is
ever a routine but I really try to do at
least one or some of those things
because I always feel better about
myself when I do that but I'm gonna be
honest sometimes on Sundays I don't feel
like doing any of the beauty stuff none
of it and for me taking time for myself
can sometimes be just relaxing on the
couch and binging Netflix which I'm sure
a lot of you guys can relate to so yeah
I just think it is important to
definitely make time for yourself
whatever it may be beauty related or not
I definitely think it's important but
that is it for my video today I really
hope you guys enjoyed it I know some of
these things can feel self-explanatory
but I definitely need to remind myself
to do them and make things a priority
and hopefully it reminded you guys as
well that even some of the simple little
things can make you feel better and go
into your week a lot less stressed which
i think is important because mental
health is above all what I feel like
everybody is driving to work on so I
hope this helped you guys out in some
way if not I just hope you enjoyed
watching it thank you so much to
fabletics response during this video and
I will see you guys next time bye
