hi guys welcome back to my channel so as
you can tell today's video is going to
be all about food which is great so I
thought I would take you along with me
and show you guys what I eat today I
thought it would be a fun idea because I
feel like a lot well a lot of us
obviously are eating I know no [ __ ] um
but I just thought it would be fun to
show you guys the meals like cook
because it might give you guys some new
ideas oh no I'm really passionate about
food right now I love cooking and I've
been doing a lot of it since we're
obviously not really going out to eat
right now umm so yeah this is not a
routine because listen it changes every
every day I don't eat the same things
every day let's be real um so yeah it's
this isn't like a healthy meal idea
recommendation video by any means I'm
just showing you guys what I ate today
so do with it as you will I already had
my coffee it's pretty boring I don't
make that TechShop coffee every day I do
it sometimes but mainly I just drink
coffee with creamer
simple done so I did that this morning
already they get me going but no time
for breakfast
and for or food I enjoy breakfast quite
a lot I breakfast foods are one of my
favorites I know some people don't enjoy
breakfast my mom is one of those people
but I really like it I'm a savory
breakfast person not as sweet what about
you guys I know some people really enjoy
like pancakes and waffles in the morning
I do but if I'm like choosing which
normally I would be um I would choose
savory kind of like spicy savory foods
for breakfast but sometimes if I'm
trying to be healthy I will just like
have some oatmeal and be good but I tend
to like eggs for breakfast so that's
what we're gonna make today
[Music]
okay we have the English muffin in the
toaster egg' cookin for me I like my
eggs over medium
I like the yolk a little runny but not
crazy like over easy so that's usually
kind of what I shoot my cups kicker
avocados are a hot commodity right now
so I have guacamole
which I just spelled so I'm gonna put
that on the face of the English muffin
[Music]
easy simple I am so excited to eat this
[Music]
it's only been a little bit since I made
that I sandwich I meant to make this
with the egg sandwich but then I got way
too excited and I just wanted to eat
that so I'm going to make just like a
quick easy smoothie
and I'm going to show you guys how amigo
[Music]
[Music]
okay lunchtime I'm gonna keep it pretty
simple and really easy lunch is kind of
the time of the day where I just get
super lazy and I don't really do a lot
for lunch sometimes they'll make a
sandwich I love a good like BLT or like
a deli style sandwich but so will either
do something like that or we will do a
salad because cells are just really
great they're healthy it's good for you
I really like these salad kits it's not
like no cooking involved that's already
like prepped for you I actually haven't
tried the sweet kale one I think we had
before this like avocado mixed green one
and it was really good
this one has broccoli cabbage brussel
sprouts kale dried cranberries pumpkin
seeds and a poppy seed dressing I think
I'm gonna add some goat cheese to mine
because I just really like goat cheese
I'm a type of person that likes a lot of
things in my salad I just think it makes
them more enjoyable to eat
I call them event salads so like lots of
different like berries or nuts or like
just a lot of stuff in them like when I
go to sweet green I just like put
everything in one salad I just think if
they taste better
[Music]
got my salad grapes and white cheddar
popcorn because yeah so I'm gonna go you
thought yep I like this one so I will
see you guys at dinner all right it's
dinnertime
I am just going to make a simple easy
pasta dish I found this recipe a couple
years ago it's delicious it's super easy
to make it's very fresh tasting and I
really like it a lot and so this Patrick
so it's very simple I'm gonna take you
along with me as I make it the base of
it or I guess the biggest flavors are
the prosciutto and the tomatoes you can
use cherry tomatoes I have these
heirloom tomatoes I believe they're
called and that's how you're going to
make the sauce but you guys will see
super easy also for pasta noodles I have
bucatini you can use any pasta you want
that is what I'm gonna make and I'm very
excited so let's look make it
[Music]
okay so prosciutto is done you want it
really crispy because it's like kind of
an end the finisher thing on a pasta and
having crunch in pasta I love that so
that's what I did it's on a paper towel
lined plate so that can chill it doesn't
need to be like hot when you put it on
or anything so next the water is boiling
so I just brought a salted pot of water
to a boil I'm not the noodle this always
gets me I'm pretty good at measuring out
like bowties or like penne pasta for two
people but something about like the
spaghetti shape of a noodle I have no
clue so I'm just gonna eyeball this
[Music]
[Music]
all of the sauce ingredients are chopped
up good to go you could add the cherry
tomatoes whole if you wanted to but I
like how it's a little bit easier to
break down the tomatoes into more of
Elias sauce when they're already chopped
up so you're going to reheat your pan
that used for the prosciutto because it
has a lot of you know good stuff in that
pan that we're going to use for the
sauce we're gonna add the onion garlic
and tomatoes and we're gonna cook those
down
[Music]
so after I added the crushed red pepper
and the white wine you basically just
let that simmer it's going to reduce
it's going to turn into like a nice
sauce it's already getting there and
then we're gonna add the cheese and then
the noodles and I don't know if I
mentioned this I don't think I did but I
strain the pasta and I saved about 1/2 a
cup of the pasta water it's really good
if you are making your homemade sauce or
whatever because you can add that to the
noodles it prevents them from getting
super sticky and it helps the sauce
cling to the noodles thanks Cara
[Music]
okay so I just finished plating it we're
gonna eat this now because I'm
salivating I'm very hungry
so I hope you guys thought it looked
good I mean I'm meeting it regardless I
have a glass of wine and yeah we're
gonna watch an episode about lander
still going strong on that great show so
I forgot to end the video last night I
finished eating the pasta watch more
episodes about later and passed out so
yeah I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you want me to make more like
this please let me know in the comments
below
and yeah I will see you all in my next
video bye
