[Music]
so for today's video I thought I would
do a day in my life
staying in addition because that's what
we're all doing right we're all staying
in so I think everyone kind of wants to
know what everyone's getting up to
because you know it's always nice to
have new ideas I have a few fun things I
want to do today and then a few things
that Patrick and I have to do for the
apartment but overall it's just gonna be
a pretty chill day nothing crazy
first things first when I wake up in the
morning I put on something comfy or in
something comfy and for me lately it's
up some leggings or just sweats I'm
gonna be honest I haven't worn a
put-together outfit in a while but this
is really all you need it's so huge
shout out and thank you to fabletics for
sponsoring this video it couldn't be any
more perfect for a video because
leggings are great for days where you're
staying in so I have some new things I
want to show you from the April
collection on this set that I'm wearing
right now is one of my favorites
one of my favorite things about
fabletics is that they have little
hidden features so on this one I'll show
a cutaway clip it's what the back is
super cute it looks just like a sleek
white set which I like but then it has
added color and straps in the back also
a lot of these leggings have a lot of
hidden pockets which is really great
this pink set is exactly like what I'm
wearing it has the crisscross detailing
in the back so cute absolutely love it
they also have a really fun like little
sweat shirts and sweaters to just throw
on which is perfect if you're staying in
so I'm gonna have a link for you guys in
the description box below
remember if you sign up as a VIP you get
two leggings for $24 besides that you
get access to limited edition
collections you can get up to 50% off so
it's a super good deal I really do love
them a lot you guys know I've been
working with them for forever and
they're just great so like I said I'll
have a link below so make sure you guys
to go check that out but this is the set
that I'm gonna be rocking all day today
next up we're gonna make some coffee and
normally I would just make like a simple
little coffee with some creamer but
listen I am influenced but right now
I've been on the internet a lot more
than I ever have because of the Stadion
side it's like I'm scrolling and
scrolling and all I'm seeing is this
coffee drink and I'm sure you guys have
seen it it's all over tick-tock all over
YouTube it's like a whipped coffee
situation and I'm gonna attempt to make
it so we're gonna make it together I
don't know if it's gonna work I'm
thinking it will it seems to be
successful but like here's the thing it
looks really cute but does it taste good
we're gonna find out Bowl all right
instant coffee does not taste the best
so I mean this whole taste test thing is
gonna be interesting
Wow I did not go cannot very well we
also need sugar and hot water so you
grab that a whisk so we're gonna do its
equal parts coffee hot water and sugar
I'm gonna do a tablespoon because that's
what I've seen the most
[Music]
can we talk about it oh my god now we
need a cup with ice and milk so we're
gonna well guys I'm so excited to try
this the little things you know I mean
listen I don't know if it tastes good
yet but hold on let me take a picture of
this like proud moment okay my nails
Patrick did my nails last night this is
the boredom we're reaching all right
it's you know it's Q um
I'd seen a lot of people stir this so
I'm gonna do that
whoa
it's good but it's like it's not what I
expected it to taste like for some
reason okay hear me out it doesn't taste
like iced coffee which is kind of what I
expected it to taste like and I don't
know why I expected it to taste like
that because it's not even like it's not
iced coffee like it's iced but it's
thicker obviously because that thick
thing I made and plopped it on top it
tastes like kind of like chocolate milk
but like coffee milk does that make
sense am I gonna make this every day no
but like it took me a good 10 minutes to
whisk up that peanut butter looking
stuff and I mean if I'm bored which 10
out of 10 I really do like it a lot it's
really really good
I was kind of not expecting it to taste
good like good but you know like those
things that just look really pretty
sometimes don't taste very good this is
I I like it
okay I'm back so what I did was I watch
the YouTube videos answered some emails
and now we're gonna build an IKEA
cabinet shoe cabinet storage cabinet
actually it's gonna be really fun it's
like a giant puzzle so I'm gonna take
you guys along with me and my struggles
this are you kidding me
do you see this these are all nuts and
bolts are somehow gonna end up in all
these like random pieces of wood that I
have I don't know how this is gonna turn
into what it looks like but it's gonna
and it's gonna be great so let's do that
Patrick's gonna help me it's gonna be a
great time
[Music]
okay we finished it that took a lot
longer than I thought it would we messed
up once and kind of had to take it apart
didn't flog that because I'm not gonna
lie it was pretty frustrating but we
finished it it looks great I will show
you what it looks like we put it in our
entryway voila
done so it okay first of all this is the
knobs or these are the knobs that it
came with I replace them with these ones
from Anthropologie it's kind of like a
little floral type design I just think
it makes it look a little bit better but
it's super narrow so it's perfect for
small space or like a small entryway I'm
gonna get some stuff to put on top of it
like a little flower vase and whatnot
but it's just extra storage so we can
put shoes in here we can put books so
you can put anything we want basically
we have to file this down a little bit
because this was a little bit longer
than it was supposed to be and in case
you're curious this is what it looks
like from the hallway so as you can tell
super narrow just like this one it all
kind of hugs the wall a little bit but
it's perfect for this long hallway cuz
you don't want to like weave in and out
of anything and it just gives you some
extra space so my friend I feel
like I've mentioned her and a couple of
vlogs or you've seen her in a couple of
vlogs about her boyfriend Devin we met
at our first apartment super nice super
amazing couple but she has her own
business
it's called Brooklyn dumpling and she
operated out of a food truck for a while
or like a food stand
obviously with everything closing down
she is no longer able to do that but she
does deliveries which is what people in
restaurants and people that have food
businesses are kind of like thriving off
of right now because a lot of them want
to stay in business I know that
businesses like that are having a tough
time right now and I feel like I can
definitely help her as much as I can so
I'm gonna make them they're delicious
today we're gonna make well this is what
they look like
the
they're thawing out they were frozen and
they have she has like little directions
on there this one that I'm thawing is
potato spinach and feta YUM so she gives
you options you can either boil them or
pan fry them I'm gonna pan fry the ones
that I have still these are still kind
of frozen
I have potato on farmer's cheese I
believe so I'm gonna make a couple for
Patrick and I t's not gone hiya handsome
t-shirt hey I know this is how you're
gonna be in my blog now there are a
whole week
I mean by month she carries blogging -
yeah so go check your channel out till
you're done so easy so delicious I've
also seen her on her Instagram make them
into more like full meals where which
I've done this before where you can add
like eggs
I've fried an egg and had like a couple
of the pierogies on the side she's had
them with like salads I feel like the
spinach and feta one would be really
good with like a cucumber tomato dill
salad YUM I got some of our wedding
photos printed finally it took us so
long to get those printed and I don't
know why how cute
okay so I picked this one to print I
picked this one to print it I love that
one um what else
I got these from artifact uprising by
the way in case you guys are curious so
now I'm gonna put them in frames I got
to figure out which ones I want to go
where but I have one in the hallway that
right now I'll show you and put one of
them in here this one's really pretty
this is a photo Pat took but I'm like we
should put a wedding photo of us in the
hallway that's cute
so I don't know which one I'm gonna pick
you guys will see cute oh my gosh yay so
these are what the other two look like
in their frames I love the gold but I
think I'm gonna keep these in our room
because I feel like it matches our room
decor a little bit more
[Music]
so we have a Gamecube we've had it for a
while and we play Monkey Ball I know
that you can also play what Mario Kart
oh yeah we have Mario Kart chocolate a
couple you know older games obviously
and I just ordered Need for Speed
Underground 2 so we've been playing
games and it's quite fun
besides you know your classic card games
that you can play with two people we
don't have a ton of board games so we've
got didn't keep the gamecube since
you're a little man who has eyes for um
I don't have a high score yet because
Patrick's played this for many years
before me but listen I get better as we
go on
basically you have a flying monkey or
eats like a monkey and he has like
flying little what are those like bubble
wings it's a ball no it's exactly
literally I'm such an idiot
but basically you fly and then you have
to land on a table set box on a drink
and the target has points and then
whatever you land on those are the
points you get so it's pretty
straightforward
oh nice 10 extra points right there
[Music]
I'm in the bathroom now I'm just about
to wash my face and get ready for bed
and probably watch a movie I'm gonna
save all that for a different video
because we have plenty of time to talk
about skincare and all that Plus this
video is getting super long so I wanted
to end it here thank you so much to
fabletics
for sponsoring this video again I will
have a link in the description box below
for you guys to check out the outfit I'm
wearing and the stuff that I mentioned
plus so much more
thank you guys for watching I hope you
guys are all staying safe and staying
healthy I love you all very much and I
will see you in my next video bye
