hi guys and welcome back to my channel
so as you can tell today's video is
going to be a spring styling video and
this video also is going to be in
partnership with Lulu's which you guys
know I love and have been working with
for years they have some of the bus
stuff especially during spring time so
all the clothing you're going to see is
from Lulu's and it will all be linked
below making it super easy for you but
today's video is going to be centered
around some of my spring fashion
essentials so right now that is
oversized Blazers denim floral dresses
of course and jumpsuits then loving all
of those and all four of these outfits
have them in it so I really hope you
guys enjoy and get some fashion
inspiration as always and yeah let's get
started okay so alpha number one is
incorporating something that I've newly
been loving and that is an oversized
blazer now if you've been watching my
styling videos for a while now you know
I'm not exactly a blazer type of gal but
lately I've just been loving how many
different ways I can style it this one
that I'm showing you basic crop top and
denim so easy so simple it's definitely
my go-to but I would also style it with
like a little mini dress and some
sneakers you can just do so many things
and I absolutely love it so like I said
I just did a crop top and jeans so I did
a white crop top because I thought that
that would complement the beige really
well and then I wore my favorite style
of Jean which is a high-waisted
boyfriend style jean for the shoes I
just wore some lace-up heels to kind of
elevate the look you can definitely go
more casual if you want to but I just
think this ties they look together
really well it's very fashion-forward I
love it of course for jewelry I had to
wear a bunch of chunky gold jewelry so
for hoop earrings I just wore these and
then layered necklaces I love how that
complements pretty much any look
[Music]
moving on to outfit number two would it
be a spring essentials video without a
floral dress I really don't think so but
I wanted to show you guys this look
because for one I really like the dress
a lot I think it's super fun super
colorful perfect for spring but
specifically how I like to style my
floral dresses recently I've been loving
wearing just combat boots maybe even
some sneakers converse I definitely
think it just edges up the look a little
bit and makes it a little less girly so
I'm wearing the combat boots and then I
also like to layer on a bunch of chunky
gold jewelry with chains different
pendants I also think that that helps a
lot too and I think it looks super cute
okay so outfit number three features a
jump suit and this has been a spring
essential of mine for a couple years now
for some reason I really only gravitate
towards jump suits during the spring
time I absolutely love them I think
they're really easy to throw on a light
jacket if it's a little bit chillier but
I just think that there's such an easy
outfit all you have to do is throw on
the jumpsuit if it's detailed enough
like this one how it has the waist ties
the button-up detailing on the front I
just think it look can look so cute on
its own for me I decided to keep with
all neutral tone and we're just some
white boots and then for the jewelry
that's really where jumpsuits can be fun
so I wore some chain earrings and then
just a small cold necklace and the look
is done so easy and lastly for open
number four this one definitely is on
the casual side but it really
incorporates something that I love for
the springtime and that's denim denim
jackets to be specific I just think that
they go with so many of the things that
you're wearing during the spring time
especially dresses so for this look I
wore denim on denim so I did the cropped
jacket with some dark black washed jeans
and then for the bodysuit I really love
this one a lot this has like ruching
detail on the front it just looks very
feminine and
I added some texture with the brown belt
I don't mind brown and black I actually
really like how it looks in this whole
outfit for my shoes I just wear some
white sneakers I kind of brought out the
white from the top and balanced it that
way and then for the jewelry I just wore
my classic my go-to just gold hoops with
gold chains layered necklaces super easy
perfect for just a casual day and I love
this one but that is my video for today
I really hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up and
let me know in the comments below which
outfit was your favorite thank you guys
so much for watching and again thank you
to Lulu soar sponsoring this video I
will see you guys next time
bye
