[Music]
I'm moving truck just to pick out oven
mitts
ours were really old and gross so I
picked out the ones that best resembled
a mouth so I can do this hello
[Music]
[Music]
so as you can tell today's video is a
moving blog and this is I'm not gonna
lie a little bittersweet this one feels
this move feels a lot sadder than one
when we left Dembo this one this
apartment we just really really loved
and in the last video I was going to
talk to you guys a little bit about why
we're leaving and I figure I might as
well do it now before we get into all
the moving process it's I could go into
long detail about it but basically it
was just falling apart our apartment
that we live in now is a pre part that
we used to live in that's so weird oh my
god this apartment is a pre or building
it's very very old and the walls are
just cracking paint is chipping and
there's water leakage it's just very old
and on top of that it's hard to get any
of that fixed just with communication
with the building manager the landlord
all of that fun stuff with all this
paint chipping and water damage and just
little things that you find on the floor
we had some bug issues we found mice
it's very old so like there's a lot of
little nooks and crannies you don't know
about and it definitely has that and
when thinking about a kid in here it
freaks me out on top of that it's an old
building which means they used to use
LED paint and there's layers and layers
of new paint off on it obviously but
with it chipping away and falling we
were just like no no and then I
mentioned this briefly before but we did
have some theft issues so just like the
building security overall was not very
great so we had to navigate around that
a little bit but I want to leave this
apartment on the positive note I wanted
to mention those two things briefly
because I know a lot of you guys are
curious and why we're leaving because we
talked about loving this place so much
we just had some amazing times in here
got some great parties I filmed some
really cool videos and it's just it's
cool to have lived in a building like
this I remember when we left em but we
said we wanted to live in an old
building one that kind of felt like
friends or Seinfeld or something like
that and I feel like we got it with this
place so it definitely feels better to
me to leave but we're very excited about
our new place so that will use me to the
next thing which is you guys are gonna
see which apartment we picked in this
video which is gonna be great so as you
can tell we are already all moved out of
this apartment I want to talk about the
movers that we use because it might be
really helpful we used roadway mover we
use runway movers or roadway moving
whatever it's not sponsored but I wanted
to mention them because they were so
great so good in fact that I didn't even
really get to chance to vlog yesterday
which is when we moved out because of
how quick they moved in here Patrick and
I packed up our apartment about 80%
they brought wardrobe boxes and they
packed our entire closet which is insane
they took down our bed they took down
our couch TV they wrapped our mirrors
wrapped our picture frames they got
everything out of our apartment within
probably two hours which is insane like
Patrick and I just kind of like stood in
the kitchen we're like can we help you
with anything you're like no honestly
like we know what we're doing it's gonna
be a lot quicker if we just do it in our
like system and whatever so we were just
like alright so great movers amazing and
they were just really helpful through
all of it the big part of this video is
going to be us at our new place
unpacking and getting stuff ready so
that's where we're gonna go next
Patrick and I came back here now to kind
of sweep and pack some stuff last-minute
stuff up we didn't want to leave this
place too messy you guys
[Music]
all right next up bedroom yeah it was it
- where was it woman huh I actually
decided to go with these curtains these
were in the second bedroom of our old
place I mean yeah yeah it works
yeah so we're waiting on a coffee table
actually haven't gotten one yet
I think I'm gonna get around one because
I think it would fit nicely
lots of squares yeah and that's it for
now we're gonna unpack more you'll see
it'll be like real time for you but when
I get back from Puerto Rico from this
bachelorette party we're gonna unpack
some more we'll probably have a kitchen
island by then a garbage can need that
see you then
all right I am back from Puerto Rico
that was the craziest trip ever it went
by so quick I have never been that
disorganized I literally the night
before my flight I was rummaging through
boxes trying to find like summer clothes
and I just threw him in a duffel bag and
I went the weekend went by so fast if
you didn't catch it it was where my
friend Alexandra's bachelorette party
had an amazing time it's so much fun but
I am so excited to be back um just
because I have so much to do and I just
want to get my life on track so I have
some more unpacking to do um but some
things have changed since the last time
I saw you so a little tip for you and
maybe it's a risky tip I think it was
risky that I even did this in the first
place because I've never done this
before um but before we had keys and
like before we moved in I ordered
furniture there's a lot of things we
wanted to change up for this place just
the layout was entirely different we
kinda wanted to some upgrade some things
and get some new things so if you know
anything about ordering furniture online
you know it takes forever so I thought
it would be
smart to order it ahead of time before
we actually moved in so that by the time
we were like max a week moved in most of
our new furniture would be here and I
did not all of it there's some things
that we're missing that you guys will
see in the next video when I talk about
redecorating and all that fun stuff but
I'm really excited because I'm back and
we have a kitchen island which is which
is what you guys are on right now so
this is our island I'm obsessed with it
we also have a garbage can which I think
the last clip we did not have one of
those yet that came from Amazon loved it
but yeah so while I was gone the kitchen
island came which I knew it would so I'm
really excited about it we got it from
Pottery Barn we're waiting on to counter
stools here that's gonna be really great
I'm obsessed with how this looks we got
like wooden counter stools I just feel
like it complements the blue of the
kitchen really well if you guys saw the
apartment to where you know that we
toured one that had an island already
but I really like the idea of getting my
own because I feel like I can stylize it
and make it really cute and kind of
break up the blue a little bit this one
has like this really cool shelving unit
so we can actually store more things for
the kitchen which you guys will see you
in a second so that's what I'm gonna
unpack now
[Music]
so I don't know if I mentioned this
before but we had you probably saw it
when we were hanging curtains but we had
a ton of books on the windowsill which I
like the look of but it was just a
little too much Patrick really really
loves his books he gets gifted them all
the time he just loves to read so we
have a ton of them and figuring out
where to put them in this new place is
definitely we have to get a little bit
more creative with it if you remember in
our last place we had a ledge in our
living room and we kind of just stacked
them up like that kind of made for like
an already built-in bookshelf which was
really really handy so I actually stole
this idea from online because they had
this already styled and they had one of
the mists like middle shelf area filled
with books in like a basket so I had
this basket Oh from a laundry I feel
like had like steamers irons like little
like basically what you used for her
laundry in here and I thought it was
really cute has white wicker I don't
even know where I got this probably
Target or something you can find these
everywhere and I just filled it with a
ton of books they're not like cookbooks
or anything but it's really close to the
living room I feel like it looks cool
and he can easily grab them if he wants
them so I don't know I thought it was
cute and this shelf I have no idea I
could put some like plates or maybe some
coffee cups there I know if you have any
recommendations will let me know I don't
know what to put there but he's got an
empty shelf moving on to the living room
there are a few things that change but
nothing drastically was unpacked since
the last time I saw you so the only
thing majorly different is furniture so
what got delivered yesterday was the rug
which we got from Wayfarer absolutely
love it if you've ever worked a shop
from them they deliver so fast so it was
so nice to get that was perfect timing
because this morning we got our new
couch delivered which I absolutely love
it's like a fluffy just great comfy
a adult pouch that we're really excited
about we definitely upgraded with that
one so those two things are down
obviously you guys already saw us hang
the curtains we have the lamp and then
another thing hi that we did was we got
our TV mounted which is so cool it just
basically lifts the room it just
everything was kind of you know down
obviously but this being mounted on the
wall I just feel like it feels like
things are getting higher we obviously
don't have any photos on the wall yet
but when we do that that'll definitely
help this you know was in our old place
it was what the TV was sitting on we had
a record player on something else but um
this is what it's looking like and I
love it because I can use more of my
stuff that I need to unpack still to
decorate this
[Music]
voila then the only thing missing is I
think I want to put a cute little frame
here of a wedding photo of us I gotta
get one printed I think that would be
really cute this is what the couch looks
like love it obviously lots of white
space going on I want to get a different
lampshade for that it's too beige I kind
of want to get one a little bit more
white and then we got to hang photos I
think I just said that I'm losing my
mind
but I think I'm gonna move Kitty out
here this was in our bedroom I really
really like her but I think she's gonna
look great up here we're gonna kind of
do a mini gallery wall type of thing we
just have three right now but we'll see
how it looks we don't want to overcrowd
it those two rooms are pretty much
unpacked which I'm really excited about
but now what I'm dreading the most is
the closet also we have an entryway
table that was delivered today that I
have to finish decorating so I'm going
to do that as well so whichever one you
see me do first
[Music]
[Music]
enter ooh a table somewhat done I just
wanted to get a lot of this stuff
unpacked and in places like I said
before I wanted to move a lot of these
books somewhere and I wanted to get an
entryway table that was thin enough to
fit here let me show you what it looks
like cute but also have some sort of a
purpose so between the books and then we
have a little mail catch here like
sunglasses just little things like that
I wanted to cover the fuse box which is
that what it's called
is out it's called Patrick the fuse box
yeah hi anyways I wanted to cover that
so for now that's what it's gonna be I
want to eventually hang something up
there I also want to put like a little
lamp or something like a little hallway
light I thought that would be really
cute but yeah I got this off of Wayfarer
it looks exactly like a West Elm one and
it was half the price and it looks
pretty identical I have this whole box
of decor it was not packed like this if
it did it was always broken but I have
all of these like different just decor
things that I had around our old place
and I'm trying to find new places for
them I'd like I like you saw I put one
by the TV I have one in the kitchen
and then no one right there and then
when a dresser comes for our bedroom I
think I'll probably utilize a few more
moving on to the bedroom this is not
gonna be as dreadful as I thought it was
gonna be the movers actually set up a
lot for us already
they asked me one of the bed they set
all that up all we had to do is make it
which obviously we did the first night
because we had to sleep in it they put
the nightstands the lamps and then the
current dresser that we have which I'll
show you right now so this is what our
old dresser looked like we are actually
selling this because it worked so well
for our space before but we have a lot
of space horizontally in this so we want
to get a really long dresser I've wanted
to get one like that for a while anyways
so we are gonna sell this to a friend I
believe
Eve but we're waiting on that it's
already ordered so you guys will see
that in the next video
the next home video or apartment video
we're waiting on two sconces so these
lamps are actually super super broken I
could show you but I'm not gonna get
into the details of that they just have
been broken over the years through
moving and things like that which was
super unfortunate but that's okay
because we want to change it up anyways
we're gonna do two sconces up here which
i think is gonna give it a very kind of
like cool hotel looking vibe which I'm
really excited about it's still a mess
in here
but the closet is pretty much done - all
of this and this we have to wait for our
dresser so once our dresser gets here
I'll be able to put all my jeans away
get a little bit more organized but I
will say I definitely have more hanging
space believe it or not between this and
then the hallway closet over here we
just have a ton more so we kind of kept
more jackets and stuff in here now on to
the bathroom which is pretty much not
fully unpacked it needs to get super
organized but we put up stuff like the
shower curtain right away and the towels
because we just needed that especially
after day 1 of move-in needed the shower
so put up the shower curtain pretty much
right away but Patrick yesterday it
built this over the toilet thing he
didn't build it from scratch obviously
but he got it we got it from Pottery
Barn so he put it together and I'm going
to put the basket so that I got on there
and just fill it with some stuff we had
a metal one before so this is definitely
an upgrade it's also nice to just have
more storage in general I mean we have a
drawer here and then we have this which
I unpacked right away when we moved in
just some stuff in there that we need
pretty frequently these are what the
baskets look like they were
commended it they recommended it with
this ladder and I figured why not
because their exact size that you need
[Music]
this room is a mess right now I don't
know what to do with it we took apart
this glass shelf that we had we are
going to give it to one of our friends
same with that blue chair I think you
sick guys saw that last in our room but
we moved it out here I switched the rug
this one's from Wayfarer I like it I
just kind of wanted something a little
bit darker in here and I got a new light
from Anthropologie looks like this I'll
show you guys when it's all installed
because this light is the ugliest light
I've ever seen and it gives off this
weird blue hue in here and I absolutely
hate it I got to figure out what to do
with all this extra stuff I got out and
pack more of this those pillows I got to
figure out something with that but I
kind of want this room pretty like chill
and empty for right now and then I'll
figure out what to do with it this
closet is kind of a mess so we'll get at
a different time but yeah so I think I'm
going to end the video here I'm pretty
much done for the day
getting stuff out and organized I didn't
have a lot left after I came back which
is insane I can't get over how quick and
easy this move was I think it was a mix
between us kind of like going through
all of our stuff at our old place and
really kind of figuring out what we
wanted to keep what we wanted to get rid
of and really kind of downsizing your
stuff and then maybe getting some new
stuff kind of replacing the old with the
new and having great movers that place
everything for us I don't know what it
was but it felt like this move was so
easy like one of the easiest moves I've
ever done so I'm thrilled about that I
really hope you guys liked this video
and are excited about the new apartment
in the next apartment related video I'll
talk to you guys about why we ended up
choosing this place give you guys a full
tour talk about like redecorating and
things you know our new space
essentially and hopefully it gives you
guys some new ideas but I am so excited
to be here I can't get over it I can't
it's so weird how a new space can
completely change your mindset I guess
it's not that weird it totally makes
sense I felt a little claustrophobic in
the last place and a little bit stuck so
I kind of just feel
like I hit the refresh button moving
into here and I'm very excited about it
so yeah thank you guys for watching and
I will see you in my next video bye
