hi guys welcome back to my channel so as
you can tell by the title
today's video is a very funny
entertaining style video but first I
just kind of wanted to come on here and
just say hi and I hope you guys are
doing okay I haven't made a video or I
haven't uploaded a video since all this
stuff has gone town with the coronavirus
and it is very scary and very stressful
and just very uncertain for everyone and
I do not take it lightly and by me
uploading this video I didn't want it to
seem kind of like everything's just
normal because it's not at all but I do
want my channel to be a place where you
guys can come and watch some fun videos
and just kind of escape or just be
entertained and I really want to do my
part in that but that does not mean that
I don't address the severity of all of
this and it is very scary and I hope you
guys are okay I also just wanted to
encourage you guys to keep staying in
that is what Patrick and I are doing as
you can tell we are in our New York City
apartment
and that is where we chose to quarantine
so we are staying in and staying healthy
and I hope you guys are too I have a
very fun video for you guys today we're
on tick-tock who would have thought the
day would come so I thought it'd be
really fun to kind of recreate some
viral tick tock trends and just get on
the app in general it's very fun if you
haven't tried it or even just gone to
scroll through it's a pretty cool app
and we really like it so I thought it
would be really fun half this video was
filmed before all of the stuff is
happening because you're gonna see
myself with Carrie Julia and Kara but
that was filmed before all this was
going on I just had those clips I was
gonna include into a vlog but then I
figured well while Patrick and I are in
our apartment we might as well make some
of our own so I kind of compiled
compiled the two and we're just making
tic TOCs in this video it's really fun I
think one of them I'm gonna have to use
some copyright free music over but you
guys get the idea so yeah that's it I
really hope you guys enjoy this video
and let's get started
I think everything came onto the roof
we're gonna do a Kardashian one it's
gonna be really fun like put it up and
put it on to me and be like take up my
boo okay
[Music]
perfect
family
oh my god bro just like 20 pounds
overweight this is a blend of your
people this is not the land
this is Glendale I'll be there for you
90% of the time you're a version of 90
anyways is just unacceptable tell you
what your issue is to be related you're
lucky that I'm gracing you with my ideas
everything you're saying is weighing in
so dumb
please don't okay for this one I have
enlisted the help of Patrick he is being
so nice and to me because he's about to
get in this outfit look busty yeah you'd
be good you're gonna look good so we're
doing the flip the switch one we came
into this bathroom that we have at the
front of our apartment it has a big long
mirror so I feel like it's gonna be
easiest this way
this is Patrick's first tick-tock
obviously I've done it with the girls
before so he's gonna learn though Hayes
all right let's do it
so you'll hit start countdown and you
just hold it still and you might have
like don't make a face but you got to
get both of us in it okay this is going
really well so far
thank you okay ready go switch close now
we might have to do this one more time
but we're gonna try to do it in one
switch close take
[Music]
[Music]
oh my god Patrick awhile I owe you so
much
[Music]
kara no you step out no no you don't
tuck it step out Kara I'll start it and
I'll just like walk back
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we're not bad that's not that I've seen
way worse see look oldest don't go super
hard
[Music]
I'd say so okay the next one we're gonna
do is the I don't even know how to
describe this one basically we both
close our eyes and then point to whoever
it applies the question or whatever it's
saying so it's super easy but I figured
this would be an easy way to not get
copyrighted and you guys can get to know
us a little bit better if it's really
it's been a minute since we've done one
of these videos so you might enjoy okay
who initiated the first kiss who
apologizes first after a fight who is
the funny one who is more romantic who
is the most patient who's the better
cook who's that I love you first who
takes longer to get ready in the morning
who is grumpier in the morning who's
more stubborn who's the bigger baby one
sec who is the social butterfly who is
the messy one who sends the most money
we missed two so no I think the only one
we got wrong was honey right yeah I
think so yes
nailed it it's a stubborn stubborn face
so lastly we're gonna do that board in
the house one that was very fitting
since we're all quarantined and have to
stay inside it's a fun song we're gonna
do a bunch of different things around
our apartment you guys will see it'll be
good
[Music]
it's like stickering at my wine glass
this timer thing will be the death of me
because these songs get permanently
engraved in my head good chef like table
like that drop in your mouth yeah let's
try it
okay I'm bored in the house and I'm in
the house bored bored in the house and
I'm in the house bored bored in the
[ __ ] house born and I'm bored
in him up again I was bored bored in the
house or in the house bored bored in a
house bored in the house bored so that's
my video for today I really hope you
guys enjoyed it had a laugh thought it
was funny
stay tuned we have some vlogs coming up
next of just us chillin in here we have
a lot of redecorating stuff we've been
doing too so be on lookout for that I
will also have my tick-tock and the
girls tick-tock linked below if you guys
want to go check that out because we're
still gonna be making more because it's
really fun but I hope you guys are
having a great day I love you all very
much and I will see you guys in my next
video bye
