[Music]
hi friends welcome back to my channel I
miss you it's been a minute spent a few
weeks since I uploaded as I was enjoying
my holiday break and I will get into
that in a second
but I thought this would be a perfect
video to come back for 20 20
it's a chitchat get ready with me for
New Year's Eve I liked it because I
could sit here and chat with you guys so
a New Year's Eve what are my plans I am
going out in New York I am back in New
York obviously my apartment I we did
this last year we've only ever done this
I think this is our second year in New
York No
third year in New York and it's so much
fun we the first year we were really
unsure of where to go what to do because
trying to get into a bar in New York
City is kind of impossible unless you
have like reservations somewhere so the
first year we went we had like a bunch
of friends and we got a hotel room and
we all just like partied in this like
hotel suite which was a great idea
really fun so we did that one year and
then some of our friends actually
started renting out a bar and charging
everyone like a hundred dollars a ticket
you can open bar go there if you're like
it's just your party which is super
convenient so we're doing that again
this year which I'm really excited about
it's always fun to just kind of like
have a plan and go there and stay there
all night I mean obviously open bar is
nice you're paying for it in the ticket
but so it's nice to just go there and
not have to worry about anything
all right so 2019 let's chat about it
for me it was a pretty good year like a
really really fun year and I mean I you
guys obviously saw it was pretty
centered at least on this channel around
Patrick and I getting married which was
such a great year it was so much fun to
have the entire year to really plan and
share it with you guys and that's pretty
much what 2019 consisted of which was
really awesome I had so much fun you
guys know I feel like if you've been
watching me for a while you know that
every year I always try to do something
different with my channel like I always
have like a new series or I try to like
focus on something different every year
so last year definitely was just wedding
focused which is so bittersweet that
it's over I'm like so happy
you to not have to like worry about
planning and like doing all that kind of
stuff and I was like super distracted
last year I'm not gonna lie like I would
just focus on wedding stuff all the time
so creatively I felt a little I felt
like my creative aspect on my channel
kind of was pushed down a lot because I
was so focused on the wedding and to be
honest that's like all you guys really
asked for and wanted to see which like
creatively I'm saying that word a lot
didn't like challenge me very much
because I was just like vlogging a lot
like I was just vlogging wedding stuff
so I really didn't do a lot of look
books and things that I really really
loved or like get the look videos and
stuff like that that all kind of got
pushed aside because no one was really
like not a lot of people are asking for
it most people just wanted to know about
the wedding which is totally
understandable and in fact like that's a
lot of what I would focus on too which
was just really nice that you guys even
cared to like know about that because it
made my life a lot easier without having
to balance both like I could share my
wedding process with you guys um which
was really great but besides the wedding
highlight in 2019 I think something else
that really stood out for me was how
Patrick and I got a lot closer with our
friends and I think that's due in part
to the wedding but you guys noticed I
mean I feel like you're seeing so much
more of our friends on this channel
which is great and it's like very
accurate because like before I you know
I was so focused on you know last year
was the year that or 2018 was the year
that I started vlogging on this channel
and did like the week in my life and you
guys all really liked that so I started
to give you a glimpse into like our
friend group and like things like that
and then this last she was very wedding
focus but also there are some like
personal things that have happened in
our life like not the wedding that um
brought our friend group a lot closer
not gonna get into all the details with
that but there were significant things
that we all kind of like leaned on each
other for and in turn that made us all a
lot closer which I am super super
thankful for like I can't even express
you guys how much
it like helped not even like I mean
helps Patrick and I just like love life
more because our friend group it really
kind of acts as our family here and it's
just really cool to see how much we lean
on each other and how much we love
spending time with each other so I think
for 2019 those are my two biggest things
obviously getting married and then
getting a lot closer and like developing
this like family unit in New York which
makes us want to stay here a lot longer
and just like I don't know it's just
good mentally to be honnest it's nice to
have people you can lean on when you're
just not feeling it and you don't have
your family here and you know you can
obviously call them which I do but it's
nice to have people here to just like
maybe distract you from things that
maybe are making you upset and you can
go hang out with them go like have a
family dinner like go out for brunch go
get drinks like watch movies together
like that stuff makes such a difference
and like well Patrick and I love just
hanging out us too it's so nice to have
different outlets to go to and different
people I know 2019 was stressful for a
lot of people and like I said I know I
highlighted a few bits but definitely I
had my ups and downs in 2019 and I hope
you guys had for the most part are
really good 2019 and if not it's in a
year you know that's like the cliche of
it all it's like you've kind of get like
a reset button a little bit and can like
start a new reset your mindset on things
change things you want to talk to
different people don't talk to the same
people I think you know what I mean it's
it's yeah I like it good
so speaking of you know I was kind of
talking about how I changed my channel
every year and do something different
last year was vlogs this year was like
very wedding focused or this past year
so for 2020 I I'm kind of like figuring
it out
still that makes sense I feel like I
always had like a clear idea of where I
was what kind of like video ideas I were
I was gonna do and like it was just very
obvious for me over the past hour
No how long have I been on YouTube since
2012 like yo so yeah I gotta figure it
out I gotta figure out what I'm doing I
have something towards the middle of the
ER that I can't quite talk about yet but
I am very very very very very very
excited and it involves you guys which
is really cool
I'm just it's something I've been
wanting to do for a very long time and I
always was just like very hesitant and I
just wanted everything to be perfect and
I really wanted to put my all into it so
I really waited for the right time and
I'm doing so now so hopefully my
timeline of that being like middle of
the year comes to fruition because that
would be awesome and I really can't wait
to share with you and that will be like
the huge not huge channel change but
there will be something very new going
on and it'll be really fun so REI my
water heater is so loud oh I'm sorry I'm
all over the place
speaking of my water heater and little
like quirks of this apartment Patrick
and I are actually gonna go apartment
hunting which will be a fun little thing
on my channel I've never actually taken
you guys along with for like apartment
hunting in New York like ever because to
be honest the first apartment we had I
was founded at a fluke and we weren't
even planning on moving to New York we
kind of did it randomly so um that one
we found literally right away and then
the apartment when were in now was
literally the first one we saw so it was
like not even there was no point to
uploading an apartment to her video when
we literally like walked into this one
we were like yes and that was it so
there's just like there's little things
we want to look for differently and I
think it would be really fun to take you
guys along I want to share with you guys
like prices of things and how much stuff
costs in New York's like looking rent
wise because it changes literally every
year
and I feel like I've only ever seen
people apartment hunt in Manhattan and
we don't want to go into Manhattan we
want to stay in Brooklyn so um we will
take you along with us and I think that
would be a fun next couple of months
videos at least looking for a new
apartment I think another thing I want
to do I
Patrick and I want to do when we while
we can is traveled more we love
traveling we love making travel videos
we feel the most creative when we're
traveling and to be honest a lot of you
guys really like our travel videos we
try to make them super helpful so
they're not just like hi look at me I
look really cute in this country it's
like hi these are things that you should
do they're really fun this is like the
details I'm not like our vamp one we
loved because I feel like we did a lot
of things I have like little facts and
things that we ran into problems we ran
into that I was able to share with you
guys which I just think is super helpful
every time we research a trip that's
what I want when I'm watching like a
video or I'm like looking at articles
I'm like tell me like the things I need
to know not like the really pretty stuff
like I want to know like where I need to
go what I need to do I want to do more
like fun like kind not challenging
videos because I don't know I want to do
something fun and different I've been
doing similar things - like the one
change up a year for a very long time so
I'm trying to think of new fun things
YouTube is in that weird like phase
right now where like everything is
thriving off of drama and as you guys
know I really stay out of it um so I'm
just trying to find my place in this
YouTube community because I am not
somebody that's going to upload drama
talk about drama like that's just not me
and that's not what I want my channel to
be so yeah I got to figure out you know
I get discouraged pretty easily and I
hate that and so I think that's one
thing I really want to change this next
year is I want to just stop giving a
[ __ ] what people think and what people
are gonna say it and upload like fun
things and not worried about like I
don't know not worried about like being
judged do you know what I mean like I
don't know I have this video I want to
do with Patrick and I'm just like kind
of dreading the comments because I don't
know I just if they're about me I don't
mind but I want to obviously include my
friends and Patrick a lot more on my
channel and
have before so I'm going to try to do
something different in that aspect have
more fun with it let's be excited about
editing and uploading because I want to
get better about my upload schedule
which I know you guys would obviously
appreciate as well
I'm just too much of a perfectionist
when it comes to editing and like
creating a video like if I watch the
video and I'm bored or I'm like this is
freaking garbage like I hate this I
don't upload and that's why sometimes I
go like a week or two weeks without
uploading sometimes not all the time but
like I will like if I film a video and
like the outfits aren't cute or like I
like second-guessing things which is a
huge problem in itself I should not
second-guess myself all the time I won't
upload because I'm just like oh like I
don't want to waste your guys's time
like you guys sit in are nice enough to
watch me that I'm not gonna upload
something that's just stupid you know I
don't know Oh something exciting that's
happening coming up soon which I'm going
to talk about in another video because
I'm actually filming like like a week in
my life for it while I prep for it but
Patrick and I are finally going on our
honeymoon so yeah I guess there's gonna
be one more wedding related video on my
channel too I think but it's exciting
because a lot of you guys were asking us
when we're going on that and it's this
month which is gonna be really really
fun we finally got around to it it was
so hectic after our wedding like after
well in September we stayed a little bit
and visited with family we don't see
very often so in October we had a
friend's wedding which you guys saw on a
blog and then in December for men and
November we had Thanksgiving and we did
all that stuff which you guys saw and
then it was Christmas which was crazy
and we took like a good chunk of time
off especially from YouTube um during
Christmas because if I'm honest we only
see our family like once maybe twice a
year this year was different because of
the wedding so when we go home we try to
spend like a week
my parents a week at Patrick's parents
so we can just see family spend time
with them because we literally won't see
them unless they come to visit us
because we hardly ever go home we just
don't have time we travel so much for
YouTube and just in general that we
hardly go home so it's really really
really important for us to take like a
couple weeks and be like off social
media pretty much and just spend time
with family because we get that once a
year let's talk about kids because I've
been getting a few questions about that
when Patrick and I want to have children
which you know is definitely I get it
it's an aunt it's a question I would ask
it too especially since we've been
together for like seven years now we
waited so long to get not so long oh my
god that's so dramatic it was really
great that we waited when we did to get
married we were together for like six
years before we got engaged so um yeah
children um so I'm gonna be 29 in June
so not that that matters but you know
it's funny because remember when you
were like a kid at least for me and like
all my friends have talked about this
you're always like oh for sure by like
24 25 I'm gonna have like a kid and then
like before I'm 30 and have like two
kids
that's so funny to me um so I'm not
putting myself on a time limit at all
because I think that that's silly
um and also you don't want to get your
hopes up because you know they're it's
not like you're guaranteed to get
pregnant or anything um but you know I
think within the next year or two we
might start figuring it out if that
makes sense so yeah we still want to
have like another year to travel and
like enjoy our 20s being in New York
City it's so unmatched for us like we
truly are living our best lives going
out like every weekend like just living
our lives and we want out we
wanted to do that we want to travel we
want to spend time with friends and we
kind of want to like have that time for
ourselves and be selfish and like I mean
I don't know if selfish is the right
word but like the 20 I'm not my 20s I
love my 20s and then I want to like give
my all into like another little human
you know what I mean like I wanna then I
think I'm gonna be ready and like feel
ready and it's also like such a hard
decision for us to you know because all
of our friends here are hella single so
when we make that decision to do that
it's kind of it'll be like a bittersweet
thing that that we'll never see your
friends again but it'll definitely shake
things up in our friend group and we
want to make sure that Patrick and I
feel 100% confident in understanding
that and really moving into a different
chapter of life which is a child because
they require a lot more time energy and
just like a lot of your life which is
totally necessary for a child like your
that's it you know like that's your kid
and they come first so it's gonna be
definitely something we want to make
sure we're ready for and also being in
New York are you kidding like that's
gonna be like a huge challenge to have a
baby here which will be really fun - I
feel like document for you guys -
because it's gonna be very different
from how I grew up so it should be fun
I'm excited in case you guys are
wondering a Hillary I get this question
a lot literally this lip combo hasn't
changed in a good while stripped down by
Mac I love this color and then Tom Ford
sable smoke this is pricey it's really
not necessary for this lip most of the
time I usually just do lip liners and
then like a gloss or something
but I do like the lipstick it's just
expensive and I don't I'm not telling
you you need it at all all right
lips done I'm gonna go put on my end
falsies and I'll be back all right
makeup is done classic don't really
change that up too much um so now we're
gonna do hair and I'm excited about this
I feel like you guys know if you follow
me on Instagram but I have long hair
again Hey
so no game at clip-ins actually filmed
like a little behind-the-scenes of me
getting them done
they are great like hair extensions and
actually Kayla the girl that did my hair
for the wedding
she specializes them in her salon so she
actually asked she was like hey do you
want to get them done and I was like
super down I've never tried it before so
I wanted to give it a try and kind of
chat about it with you guys on here
[Music]
so I don't know give you tales from
those clips but I was in that chair for
about six hours it takes a very long
time you have to have patience for it so
far I think it's pretty worth it I'm
able to get about three days out of my
hair after I wash it which if you know
my hair unheard of like truly unheard of
and I just find them very convenient and
feel like the best way I can describe
them to you guys or like compare them is
to like eyelash extensions right like
they you definitely feel them in your
hair like you would eyelash extensions
but they're not uncomfortable that make
sense but yeah I love them it's just
super fun to have long hair again I just
feel like you know you get bored of your
hair easily and I never dye my hair so
it's fun to change it up with a length
at least and nothing has really changed
as far as like how I curl my hair I had
long hair before that was very similar
in this length and it's just like the
same way I curl it like nothing's
changed you just have to make sure you
avoid the bonds because you can't get
heat on them so but that's easy because
they're literally at the root and I
never go up that high
[Music]
and that's it for the hair well
technically the complete look I'm gonna
change in a second but the curls will
fall a little bit more as the night goes
on and I absolutely obsessed with the
hair I just I love it I love having the
extensions I'm gonna be really sad when
I have to take them out but they're just
so fun and like I said these curls are
gonna actually last for tomorrow for
sure and then the next day I'll be able
to do something but I still will have
like some sort of texture which is
incredible because my natural hair could
never would never so I'm really happy
yeah and done yay I'm early and it's
still light out and I have a good chunk
of time before I leave but I wanted to
film this while it was still light and I
had good lighting you know to film but I
really hope you guys liked this video be
sure to give it a thumbs up if you do I
always love just sitting down and doing
like chit chat videos I feel like it
actually feels like I'm talking to
somebody and I get really excited about
just like filming so thank you so much
for taking the time to watch this if you
are here to the end and I know I rambled
a lot but don't forget to let me know in
the comments below what you want to see
from me this year I hope you all by the
time you see this I hope you all had a
great New Year's Eve and a great start
to year 2020 I love you guys bye
