so today's video is going to be a fun
one hopefully it was certainly fun for
Patrick and I to film this now as you
can tell by the title it is I get the
look video and if you've been watching
me on YouTube for a while you know that
I've done get the look videos for many
years I phased them out a little bit
just because I was getting into my own
style and really wanted to share that
with you guys but I'm bringing it back
during this whole lockdown with a little
bit of a twist
a husband edition now I put Patrick my
husband on the internet for like 6 plus
years now and over those years he's
gotten so many comments just in general
who he looks like don't take it
seriously it's just in good fun it's not
meant to be like a serious thing and we
just walk around thinking he looks like
these male celebrities cuz we don't he's
totally his own person and and like
doesn't resemble them in many ways but
this is just meant to be fun and
exciting to watch during this time right
now or just in general but I hope you
guys enjoy it and yeah let's get started
okay so for this first one I thought it
would be really fun to do a Jim Carrey
mainly because when I first met Patrick
it's probably the first thing that I
thought of is his personality and his
presence definitely resembles him a
little bit so when I was trying to think
of ideas for this video I'm like who we
were gonna do get the looks for I was
like we have to do Jim Carrey
specifically Ace Ventura
okay so Badgers getting his hair wet
because we have to do this iconic Jim
Carrey or Ace Ventura hair so we'll see
how it goes like I said we did this for
Halloween but I don't remember I think
it was like 2017 18 I'll put up a
picture see you guys see it I already
did or didn't
you know fun fact I end up trying so
many of the products test has later in
the house he's like they're lying there
am i canti something funky fun this so I
found a nice little hair regimen with
half the stuff that she has so that's
always fun it's like a yeah you do have
a lot more hair that looks like a tidal
wave
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my god
I think I'm meeting you did well for my
hair being so much longer than it than
it was the first time around so so that
little swoop T swoop he has on the top
of his head like from the side
are you kidding this looks so good that
looks just like it
nailed it a little questionable like
what is that but we you know working
with limited products here but this side
this is this is a side Jim Carrey's hair
and that movie is in sync okay so for
the outfit the main thing is the
Hawaiian shirt he always wears these
like crazy Hawaiian shirts so I just got
this off of Amazon and everything else
we're gonna pull from Pat's closet so he
wears these like red pants for Halloween
I did like a red and black stripe which
is more accurate to the movie but it is
what it is we're gonna just do this belt
and then he's gonna wear a white tank
top underneath it and I think it's gonna
look really good I mean nailed it nailed
it this hair is pissing me love but it's
the best it's gonna get you're such a
trooper although this is such your look
like I can't get over it
I feel like you were meant to be this
character like this yeah you do like
look absolutely crazy
okay make this face hold on holy [ __ ] my
favorite this is already my favorite DHS
sir most likely I'm sure it was
something nice though what's really sad
is that's actually a broken vase then -
yes Satan oh I'm sorry sir you sounded
like somebody else now we have cued up
the movie so I gotta get it right he's
fully in it
I already knew that that's what turns me
on about you so this next one is a
little bit of a joke in our friend group
it is young wood and our friends like to
point out the similarities between
Youngblood and Patrick just with the way
he looks
I personally think it's like the nose
the face shape a little bit I don't know
much about him I know that he's a singer
I know he dated Halsey burbot not super
familiar with his music but I think it's
gonna be fun regardless so it'll be cool
to see Patrick turn into but I say Punk
would you say Punk just a little punk
side I think you just wanted to meet
could eyeliner on yeah I think it's
gonna be cool I think I've only ever put
on eyeliners on you once per like an
event it's really uncomfortable Patrick
is painting his nails twice this week
so he's in for a treat so we're gonna do
blow when I was looking up photos of
Youngblood I I noticed he's worn black
nail polish before I don't know if it's
a regular thing but we're gonna go all
out this is you know somewhat a bit get
the local
funny thing is to Patrick could not have
worn more opposite before I've been like
a matching floral terrycloth like beach
[Music]
nails check we're gonna let those dry
then we're gonna do some well I guess I
could do the eyeliner now sure so you're
gonna look up no not in look up all
right
oh all right that's a good like first
start he has it like super smudged
you're doing really good
he gave you a new nice eyeliner though
oh we got to smudge it a bit more Wow
oh man yeah it makes your eyes pop this
is the vibe I'm going for I saw him in
stripes quite a bit so I thought it
would be a safe bet I got this off of
ASOS Patrick has his own black jeans and
then I just got a bunch of chains that
we're gonna layer on
it's like spiky necklace and then we're
going to mess up his hair and I think
it's gonna look really good
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so this is the original image that we
were going for obviously with the
stripes but patrick has like a way
different hair texture he is like way
curlier hair so we're just gonna go like
with this vibe have the sunglasses up
use a couple images like that so it
works so this doesn't fit him it is five
inches too small so I kind of hate it
you're so cute though you do kind of
look like him I seriously think it's
just the nose yeah
it's like my little swoop to it mm-hmm
I'm like gonna point ups you can the
nostrils see my see my thoughts like
someone so generously mentioned years
ago never forgot that coming
that's so funny what do you rate this
one if this is a complete opposite from
Ace so it's comfy I'll give you that
between like the jeans and the yeah I
honestly like the jewelry I just like I
couldn't get his hair down cuz that's
not how my hair is like my haircut
months so yeah I think - the eyeliner
and all the chains you would probably
wear this look though yeah for sure wear
this I like this a lot yeah that's cool
alright so this is gonna be the last one
this is probably one of my most highly
requested things is to do it get the
look and turn Patrick into Harry Styles
because this has been an ongoing comment
for years now like 6 plus years I had
Rick has been dealing with those
comments which is not a bad thing he's
not a bad person to be compared to but
people get really defensive over him so
I was a little bit nervous to do this
but whatever we're here it's all in good
fun
I'm Harry he has changed up his style
quite a bit which made this a little bit
more fun because his style is so unique
and so cool now I decided to recreate
his look from his fine line
album cover so like the pink shirt the
white pants it's gonna be a look I'm
excited to see what he looks like in it
now I'm pretty sure he has most of them
painted pink and then the pointer
painted blue his shirt right now as the
are the exact colors your nails did you
do that on purpose
I'd be lying if I said yes all right
guys it's not gonna be perfect so don't
come for me or Patrick first wait doing
it a head massage versus not how this
works
No
[Music]
while they dry it
[Music]
all right now we wait what come on
where's your pride at your neck it ain't
demanding nails check I gotta wait for
them to dry so you don't get them on
these white pants you're about to get
into I'm gonna show you guys the outfit
so this was a little bit difficult to
find because mr. Stiles is not your
average dresser all right he's got a lot
of cool outfits that he probably gets
custom-made so not the easiest for me to
find for just get the look but you know
when on ASOS like always so I found this
like satiny oh my gosh the satiny
oversized shirt in the women's section
because it was not easy to find this
color and this fabric in the men's so I
got it oversized and then I got some
flared trousers now the only thing is I
couldn't I ordered like little gold
buttons to sew on the front to like
match it a little bit better but they
got lost in the mail so we're just gonna
go without it also I couldn't find pink
suspenders but I think this overall with
the nail polish and then all of the
jewelry will look really good and the
black shoes I don't know if I said that
I also got a watermelon so we're gonna
do the whole getup take some photos
because I think I'm gonna use this one
as thumbnail because why wouldn't I
and I'm gonna Texas the girls they know
we're making this video but I haven't
shown them like the final look or
anything so I'll let you guys know what
they think about it when it's all done
yeah it's just a lot of metal I know
he's wearing a lot in the photo though
so you should definitely wear all of
them
what should here he doesn't have very no
quick about marrying him but I'll start
something I don't want to get into now I
choose you bub pretty dang good what do
you think yeah also can we talk about
this mister sir nail polish guys come on
tell me I didn't nail that obviously the
gold buttons would have been just like
all of it wait why am i doing the hand
thing in the album
[Music]
Hey
it's fun for sure these fans are crazy
it kind of reminds me of like Saturday
Night Fever - you know like John
Travolta with his like flares you know I
owe you so big for this because you're
good the comments are gonna be hopefully
nice but otherwise you're in for in for
it I love you I appreciate you okay I
sent it in our family group chat and
they reacted just about but that is it
for the videos today I really hope you
guys enjoyed it please give it a thumbs
up for Patrick being such a trooper and
like even letting me film this video and
do this so definitely give him a thumbs
up and yeah I will see you guys in my
next video bye
