good morning guys
welcome to another day in my life I
thought I would film the one another one
of these you guys seem to really like
the last one so I thought it would be
fun to take you along another day with
us
it is I don't know why I said good
morning because it's not exactly the
morning anymore I don't know about you
guys but this whole quarantine has
messed up my sleep schedule so much I am
so late I'm you're not already I used to
stay up late in general but now I'm just
like binging so many shows that I stay
up so late and then it takes me a while
to get up and get going
that's why I get ready right away
because if I don't I'll just lounge so
it helps me be more productive so here
we are I asked you guys on Instagram
what kind of videos you want to see and
a lot of you guys surprisingly said
cooking which I'm not a cook but I love
food and I love cooking so I figured
hold on I'm gonna get you guys that
higher level so I don't have to slouch
and hopefully not shake this table so I
thought it would be fun to make a little
brunch situation not really it's not a
full huge brunch but it's a breakfast
sandwich from Chrissy Teigen cookbook um
I've had this for so long I think it's
like her first one I got it as a gift
and I'll be honest haven't really cooked
much from it but it all looks delicious
and it's just it takes a while to like
get all the ingredients and figure it
all out so I picked the most easiest
most easiest the easiest one that I had
a lot of ingredients already in my
fridge so I didn't have to worry about
it
so it might seem pretty straightforward
but Patrick and I love breakfast
sandwiches so why not make John Legend's
cuz you know why not
you want to say hi Patrick hi Patrick hi
my this isn't my helmet at all
like 10 years but you know here we are
we got an Xbox because you know I have
I've been getting good you have it's
rainy today it's so gross and sat out
there so it makes staying inside a
little bit easier when it's disgusting
outside so that's good yes delicious
delicious okay
so um first thing I don't have a few of
the ingredients so we're modifying it
just just a smidge the main one is the
English muffin that it is assembled on
but we do have bagels so I figure we'll
just like making an elevated sandwich
and put them on nice big bagels fill us
up more you know middle of the day here
we are first up we're gonna make this
sausage patty so it calls for a half a
pound of ground pork got it
minced onions the amount of onion it
calls for is 1/4 cup so do you guys want
to see me chop an onion I feel like you
might want to see this instead of just
like my backside
[Music]
next is brown sugar 1 Dec 2 cloves
minced garlic 1 tablespoon of vegetable
oil 1 and 1/2 teaspoon of ground sage
one and a half teaspoons of red pepper
flakes got it next salt and pepper we
have one and a half teaspoons of salt
and one and a half teaspoons of pepper
all right this is what it looks like
we gotta mix it we have the sausage
patties so it says it makes four which
obviously it's just patched for not
eating them so I think I'm just gonna
cook them all and then save the other
two for like tomorrow or whatever and we
can just like throw it on a different
breakfast sandwich or what up okay we
hair done it looks very different
because it's not on an English muffin
but the sausage patty looks pretty darn
similar had one fall apart but other
than that I think I nailed it Patrick's
gonna taste test and of course I am if
it was on English muffin I think it
would look more like it but unless Hodge
is spicy is it and there's sriracha on
it so there is red pepper flakes in the
sausage mix and then also it called for
sriracha so if you're not in the spice I
would probably alter that a bit which
means you did of yeah so I don't mind it
at all I like to spice didn't get much
um oh I think John likes a lot of heat
well does you know what they say if you
don't like the heat the sausage has part
of the pork or whatever the sausage
patty has a really good flavor though
mm-hmm makes it really Hardy all right
so I thought I would give you guys a
little bit of an apartment update show
you guys a few things that we did mainly
one a lot of you guys are asking for an
apartment tour and I know I really want
to do that now would be like the perfect
time to do it because you know we're all
inside but I really want to complete our
space I really want to give you guys be
as helpful as possible if you're
redecorating or anything like that
really show you how we transformed it
with like before and afters but
obviously a lot of the shipping has been
delayed on certain items for instance
this behind me this mirror were actually
replacing and we have this huge like
vintage style mirror that's coming heyo
anyways we have this huge mirror that's
coming but now it's expected to not ship
until the end of June so that's where
we're at it's not like it would make or
break the apartment tour by any means
there's up more than just the mirror but
I just want to show you guys how we
drink this from the space so I hope you
guys understand as soon as we get the
items I will make it but I'm going to
show you guys the living room because
our pieces for our living room how we
like decorated that blank wall above our
couch we got some of those in so I'll
show you guys know okay so this is what
it looks like
Patrick hung these up a couple days ago
[Music]
these are all from dicenio-- this is a
photo Patrick took and we just had that
frame but I think it turned out really
great absolutely love it
we didn't want to over clutter the space
so it's definitely more of a smaller
gallery wall though Patrick has really
done a great job of just kind of like
letting me take the reins on this and a
lot of it is what I like he happens to
like a lot of the things that I decorate
the house with but we have to take into
consideration even like photos and
things like that because I'd probably do
it a little differently love how it
looks but like for instance Bob Dylan so
I found this like I said these are from
decennial Bob Dylan is one of Patrick's
favorite artists so I decided to put
that in there I just feel like it is
very much us good mixture of both
between that I love line artwork like
that obviously New York poem this kind
of matches the colors it's just all very
like neutral situation which I feel like
is perfect for us so that's the latest
and greatest with our apartment like I
said I will update you guys as we get
new stuff not too much has changed
besides that but I love how it's looking
oh I'll show you on the sides of each
couches what we're changing because I'm
excited about that
so this lamp we have been wanting to
replace for a while now we've had it for
since our first apartment it's a great
lamp but we just were in our last
apartment we were constantly bumping
into it our heads are bumping into it we
just kind of have a love-hate
relationship with this and we just feel
like now is the time to say goodbye so I
actually got a side table with like a
table lamp to go there so we're not
gonna do the floor lamp anymore I think
it's gonna look really good it's all
very white and neutral I think this sort
it's like a ceramic base so it'll look
really cool and then this ignore what it
is right now I have to get a new base
for it but I have a ton of pampas grass
coming this is just some but I have a
bunch more so it looks really really
full and I think how it goes next to the
couch I think it'll frame up
really nicely I'm excited because big
mirror though yeah that's gonna look so
good it literally goes from here all the
way to here it was six feet long it's
seven feet tall and I forget how wide
but I measured it and it's literally
gonna take up this whole space which I'm
so excited about yeah it was actually in
I mean like New York apartments are
generally smaller than most others that
you find in the states and they're just
a really nice way to help Oklahomans and
we have this I think the same mirror in
our in our bedroom just because it kind
of helps you know a similar mirror where
actually this mirror is um going to
carry ya know she yeah it'll look great
she needs a like a proper tall length
mirror yeah she like doesn't like the
one in her bedroom so I was like girl
got one for you and it'll be nice
because we have so much of the space
that we were like what do we do with it
so it'll be cool to just have like a
full mirror instead of red wine to you
do I have we are going to make hay or
okay so so we're gonna make an epic fort
in our living room and that's how we're
gonna watch our show tonight if you told
him it's gonna be epic it like it has to
be epic it's gonna be epic and we're
gonna take you along with us as we
construct this fort I don't think have
we ever metaphor it never I mean when we
were kids probably no we did not no
that's weird actually I know who knew it
would take something like this we get
thirty years old I don't like fort
making forts again so we cow here we are
[Music]
we have a sheet I'm gonna lose slots
okay
oh my god pillows all right so weird got
so out of hand right there can we start
with the lamp like we have the opening
be from the kitchen together we could
bring in the ladder from the bedroom put
that up here I was like a middle it'll
go from here here to the top of the TV
okay it was like we want to watch a show
in it
soon they just either need to see this I
mean we could use a laptop but we could
use the TV since it is mounted as like a
high point and it would come around we
might need to grab our sheet from our
bed too
[Music]
what
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we did it we've got a tripod we use the
TV which is a wooden ladder in Vault yep
wooden ladder but we're making popcorn
three liters of gaff tape and oh in the
lamp and the lamp of course how could
you forget these really lights up the
room
[Music]
this was a success I'd say we have you
have the King sheet our sheet from our
bed our duvet cover under here we have
all of our throw pillows pretty much
couch pillows throw blankets and then
what makes it I think are the fairy
lights or like white Christmas lights
because you know it gives it like a
moody a moody feel we were hoping to use
our actual TV but it's we have a little
bit of an obstructed view so I think
we're gonna use the laptop but that
makes more sense anyways first of all
we've been watching Breaking Bad we're
on the last season most don't ruin it
we're almost at the end so we've been
watching Breaking Bad
we finished little fires everywhere
which would recommend very good that's
such a great show and now and I swear if
one of you guys in the comments ruins
this because I know there's a lot of
seasons out but we are watching
Outlander and I don't know if it's like
a super popular show I have no idea I
have never heard of it we started
watching it and we're on like Episode
seven and we started it like two days
it's so good so good so we're only on
the first season so we're gonna watch
Outlander I love those type of shows you
guys know me and like Vampire Diaries so
like fantasy just like [ __ ] that doesn't
make sense
I'm into you so that's what we're gonna
watch but if you guys have any show
recommendations I wanted to just shout
out some of ours that we've been
watching in case you guys are looking
for anything new but if you guys have
any recommendations yeah drop them in
the comments we've got time so highly
recommend the breakfast sandwich and
highly recommend making a fort you will
not regret either I hope you guys are
enjoying your time at home as best as
you can I hope you guys are making the
best of it staying positive obviously
that's what we are trying to do here's a
uniform but yeah we love you guys and we
will see you in our next video
