what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so as you can tell today's video
is going to be a get ready with me I am
doing it a little bit differently and
I'm actually going to talk through it
I've noticed a lot of times that I do
MOOC bombs or bang whatever it's called
our Q&A is a lot of people like when I
just kind of sit and talk and what
sounds really weird but you guys seem to
like it it's just a little bit more
personable and it's also gonna be a vlog
which I'm very excited about as you can
tell by the title it involves the Jonas
Brothers and I thought I'm sure you guys
might get ready processed as far as like
when I want to look cute you know what
I'm saying this is what I do
I had these vlog clips it was meant to
go in a different video I'm working with
a brand and Jonas Brothers are super
copyrighted so I didn't want to just
delete this footage because it's great
and I'm a huge Jonas Brother fan so I
thought I would turn it into it get
ready with me so I'm coming at you from
the future I've already lived the event
but that will be at the end of this
video explaining my outfit and all about
which a lot of you guys wanted to know
on my Instagram so I'm gonna shut up and
I'm gonna get into the makeup portion
let's go okay so first things first I'm
going to do my makeup before I get into
all things Jonas because I kind of want
to start that process it's also so hot
in my apartment and I can't have a/c on
because it's too loud so this should be
fun I am going to be applying this do
our foundation I don't know guys not a
beauty I do not know
this what this foundation is even called
it literally just says do your oh do
your backstage face and body foundation
so you guys know if you've been
following me for a while that I've
literally stuck to like a few
foundations in my entire time on YouTube
because I just get really loyal to ones
that I find that don't break me out make
me look good and I stick to them we were
in Atlanta and I went to a Sephora to
pick up more Armani luminous silk
foundation which has been my favorite
for a very long time and they didn't
have any of that so I was like crap I'm
literally on vacation I need something
so they recommended me this to your
backstage face and body foundation and I
was like okay I'll give it a shot and I
loved it
that's what I'm applying so while I
applied this foundation you
you've seen this a million times um I'm
gonna try to about this freaking event
I'm really excited for you guys to see
the vlog clips because I had such a good
time
Jonas Brothers let's just chat about
that for a second they're back together
that's freaking huge I was probably I
don't even know 16 and I'm about to be
28 so the last time it was 17 it was
high school it was all of high school
for me I literally was like not
interested in real boys because I was so
distracted with Jonas Brothers like I
for real thought I was gonna marry Nick
Jonas like it was an actual problem
I wish wish wish I had this photo I mean
maybe I don't wish because it's like so
embarrassing thinking about it but
whatever I'm you guys know I don't care
that I'm a fangirl but I had my room
covered head to toe with Jonas Brothers
posters specifically favored Nick and it
was a problem I remember my parents
being like oh my god is she okay and it
was back in the day when he didn't
really have camera phones like I think
my flip phone had a camera but like it
was so trash that we would just use um
like disposables and like obviously you
get those printed but that was so long
ago I was like asking when they can't
got back together I was obviously so
excited I was like mom you need to find
the photo of me and Hannah before
homecoming in in our dresses in front of
my Jonas Brothers wall like posing hella
cute because we were like in love she
was obsessed with joe oh my god and she
could not find it so I'm really bummed
because that would have been really
funny to show you guys my room in high
school just covered with Jonas Brothers
posters so yeah to say I was a fan as an
understatement
I feel like it was funny because I had
some people I grew up with or like that
I knew in high school a message me on
Instagram when they got back together
because they really
yo I remember how obsessed you were with
them are you dying and I was like yeah
also that's funny that that's like some
of the few things they remember about me
is how in love with them I was like
has not changed so now moving on to
concealer I'm using the NARS creamy
concealer radiant creamy concealer in
light 2.6 I recently switched back to
this I used this a while ago and then
like everyone else I jumped on the Tarte
shaped tape train and I recently not I
guess not super recently but I started
to hate it because it just felt so thick
and like heavy on my face and I used to
love that because when I had more
problematic skin I always felt like the
more the better
so I liked it for a while and now I'm
just like don't want anything to do with
it it's a great concealer for like a lot
of coverage but especially now that's
getting hot out I'm just like no no no
cannot handle fun fact I don't know if
you guys have ever noticed this on me
but I actually have a birthmark right
here and I sometimes cover it up and I
sometimes don't I just did to show you
guys he always gets more noticeable when
I'm like out in the Sun obviously I put
sunscreen and stuff on it but it's just
a birthmark it's not going away so one
time I was in a Sephora and I was just
like walking around minding my own
business and this woman comes up to me
and like licks her finger I'm not
kidding and goes like this to like she's
like oh honey you have like some dirt
and I was like first of all did you
really just lick your finger and rub my
face like I wasn't even asked like I
wasn't talking to anyone oh my god I was
so I was like I wasn't embarrassed she
was embarrassed and I looked at her and
I was like um that's a birthmark like
that's not going anywhere she's oh my
god I'm so sorry
like obviously she felt bad but I was
like don't I'm I don't know it's funny
because I know she's just trying to help
like if it actually was dirt but I was
like maybe don't lick your finger and
like just like touch my face
next time and it might save you the
awkwardness that was afterwards because
that was really funny okay now that
that's all blended we're gonna move on
to some bronzing situation I mentioned
this in my last get ready with me video
which has been a minute and you guys can
see it's been a minute
it's the Chanel bronzing makeup base um
yeah and when I filmed that last one I
was like brand new I had used it just a
few times clearly loved it I think it's
great I actually have been loving using
the cream products I just find it so
much more satisfying on my skin I just I
feel like I don't know it doesn't it
just feels lighter overall for me and
maybe it's one of the things that helped
with a lot of my breakouts because I
wasn't using like a ton of brushes
and like layering on powder like this
just feels better
so anyways um back to what I was saying
with the Jonas Brothers did you guys
freak out when they got back together I
feel like a lot of my viewers are around
my age maybe a little bit younger for a
long time when I first started they used
to be so much younger than me um and
then I feel like you a lot of you guys
grew up with me and then now I feel like
I have an older viewership if that makes
sense demographic and I feel like a lot
of you guys liked them when they were
big back in the day was that 2007-2008
um I graduated high school in 2009 so
yeah I was like full teenage heartthrob
moment I also feel like you are either
bit by the boyband bug or you're not and
I always have been
hold on did I forget okay so for blush
same thing as the last time it's the
nudies nude stick in the nude use this
for my blush I just go like this with my
finger and then on my cheeks but yeah I
just feel like you're either bit by the
bug or you're not and I definitely was I
remember how Kari and I or I guess how
Carrie was even like this girl like when
she was watching my videos
she was like this girl's gonna be my
friend I mentioned in one of my Q&A is
that the first boyband I ever loved was
Hansen and she's like oh my god because
not a lot of people talk about Hansen
but I was I had them on a cassette tape
with like a Walkman and like yo
anyways loved them then was like all
about in sync for a minute and then
Jonas and Jonas was like you know I was
old enough to like you know be into guys
you know when you're really young you're
just like oh thank you like cute music
blah blah blah know when Jonas Brothers
were thing I was full-on like Nick marry
me please I was fully committed next I'm
using the milk makeup highlighters the
loop highlighter stick whatever this is
in lit and I'm basically you know doing
what you do with highlighter I'm so
puffy so when they got back together I
instantly texted Carrie and Julia oh I
think we all text each other weren't
just like oh my god it's happening it's
happening and we all like grew up in
separate places like Julia's from
Orlando I'm from Wisconsin Kerry's from
Illinois so like we didn't grow up
together loving them so we're like this
is our chance we're all gonna go to the
concert it's gonna be so much fun so we
immediately bought tickets to Madison
Square Garden in August which is funny
because it's so close to my wedding like
it's just you know I just feel like it
just came full circle
you know like shortly before my wedding
I'm seeing you know the person I thought
I was gonna marry but anyways so we
bought tickets for that and then Alex
Chen Tomo texted me on like a Sunday
know like over the weekend and was like
hey are you going to the Jonas Brothers
event next week in New York in Brooklyn
and I was like what Jonas Brother event
like excuse me excuse me what um and so
then she sent me like the details and I
was like I have to go to this and so
this was like super low-key like
last-minute this is like Monday when we
officially got like our invites and I
was
listen I cannot go without Carrie and
Julia like I do not care like they have
to be there like we thought we were
gonna be the first time the first time
we're gonna see them was in August and
so I'm like I can't go without them like
there's actually zero chance yeah we got
all the information the day of the event
which was like in the vlog clips you'll
see but I was like I wonder if they were
even gonna be there and it's like it
makes sense now because of how low-key
and like secretive it was as far as like
it just said Brooklyn and you're like
okay that could mean anywhere but yeah I
was I think I was trying to like expect
the least but like prepare for the most
you know alright next I brows literally
the only thing that I use for my
eyebrows is the goof proof benefit goof
proof brow pencil the one thing though
is this sneaks up on you this is almost
gone and it sneaks up on you when it's
like out you can never tell all of a
sudden it just like stops rolling up and
you're like but I love it it makes my
brows like but for me I used to struggle
with my brows so much it actually used
to be like my biggest hate comment when
I was like first starting out and for a
long time on YouTube people he'd be like
would I just stuttered like mad a lot
people would always be like what's up
with her brows I'm like I don't know in
the clips that you're gonna see for the
vlog I'm wearing this like Goldy yellow
eyeshadow and I had that on from the day
and I was gonna wear it with this top
and then I last-minute switched to a red
top so I probably wouldn't have done
that I shadow if I had started from
scratch but I just followed desi if you
guys um watch my Bachelorette blog she
was in it also if you just know her
because she's a great youtuber she I
followed one of her tutorials and she
did like this yellow golden look and
it's great so I'll have that linked
below she will do a way better job and I
kept explaining it so that was also my
first time ever doing it so I'm not
gonna do it right now so I'm just what I
usually do is I go in with new
Brown's bus if I'm really lazy I'll just
hit my bronzer with like a brush and go
in my crease and be like done with like
the actual shadow but recently I just
got this Disney Lion King Sir John and
luminous PR package and it has a palette
in it that is absolutely amazing did you
guys just see my attempt oh my god okay
well anyways it has this like these two
matte brown shades that I really like
that I've been using recently so I'm
using that and then I will go ahead and
go in with my bronzer in the crease just
to kind of give an overall matte look so
since I don't do a very good job in the
actual vlog clips of explaining like
what the event is and is for because I
was so distracted by the time we got
there and just saw a stage I'd like then
basically blocked out I didn't explain
much of it at all even at the end it was
an event through Spotify it was the
night that their album was released so
it was a very like exclusive small event
like I was shocked at how small it was
cuz like Jonas mothers are not new and
so when I saw this I was like this
you've got to be kidding me
but basically was a carnival themed
kevin's kids were there so that was
really cute they like rode the rides
which was super I felt like we were at
like an intimate family gathering like
we did not deserve to be there but we
basically got there and we went
immediately for the stage like we went
we took turns grabbing drinks and like
just stood at the stage like we have
never we knew that that was probably the
only time we would ever get that close
to them performing and we all kind of
chatted about it when we were young and
went to their concert we would always be
in like the nosebleed sections like
straight up nose leads I there's no way
my parents bought me like hit tickets or
anything like that so the fact that we
were about to see them that close all
together for the first time like since
everything was so freaking cool we were
so excited so yeah you guys will see in
the clips I so so wish I could keep all
of the
actual sound like uh it makes me so mad
but we just were like interacting with
them the entire time we were so
obnoxious
we were not subtle dancing we knew all
the words they sang all the oldies to
which we did not expect like we knew
they were gonna sing a few songs but we
were gifted with SOS year 3000 that's
just the way we roll burning up
then sucker cool it was just really
overwhelming one thing that I always
have been doing lately is I go in with a
liquid liner this is a brown liquid
liner I actually like it it's a little
bit less dramatic than a black it is the
roller liner by benefit like I said it's
in brown oh I'm gonna curl my lashes
first I do this because if I put on my
liner without curling my lashes when I
curl my lashes it gets all messed up
keeping on trend we're going with the
where are you benefit roller lash roller
liner roller lash this is great I
actually found myself lately - like
mascaras that have like a little comb at
the end one thing though that I
definitely did the night of the concert
and just always in general when I go out
is I put on fake lashes
I usually just cut up some whispies and
I just put them on the ends it just
lifts my eyes a little bit I have pretty
big eyes so I like kind of like heavier
bits at the end it just kind of lifts it
for me
but I don't have them right now so I'm
not going to do it but you guys get the
picture I think hopefully I have a lip
combo that I absolutely love it's the
Charlotte Tilbury lip cheat liners and I
use the color iconic nude and what are
you hot gossip
I'd like to mix them this one is
definitely more nude iconic nude and
then hot gossip has a little bit of a
pink in it so I'll usually do this and
then bring this to like touch up because
I don't know it's just what I do
[Music]
lastly if I want a little bit of gloss I
go into the Clarins instant light
natural lip Perfector in 0-6
and I'll just put that on the center
always Urban Decay setting spray so for
hair if I know I'm gonna be outside and
it's summer and it's just humid I have a
lot of baby curls up here that like to
come out it's just wavy messy I get
frizzy hair really easily so I usually
try to enhance my natural curl
especially for this event kind of not
knowing what to expect like now knowing
it's a concert I usually try to wear my
hair up unless I'm feeling really bold
I'll wear it down but I I like to be
just super present and I like to dance
and I like to sing and I go crazy and I
just usually don't have my hair down so
I put it up in a bun and then kind of
accentuate my natural curls I pinned it
back so I could do my makeup but we'll
see if they're even there it's pretty
easy pretty simple pretty much what I do
most days but I thought it would be a
fun chitchat get ready with me and also
a fun way to incorporate these clips I
did not want them to get lost in the
shuffle it is one of my favorite
memories with some of my best friends I
cannot believe I'm uploading a Jonas
Brothers vlog in 2019 I genuinely
thought that that would never happen so
this is so cool for me you guys will see
in the clips but Nick Jonas and I
literally made eye contact a few times
he gave me his guitar pick like
literally he didn't like in the crowd
and I caught it it was like a here you
go it was great he like tossed it at me
and like I my mind was just like I was
having a full on just had Teenage Dream
moment happen for me and it's just
really cool so I feel like the trend of
2019 besides my wedding is me uploading
these fangirl videos and I'm all for it
I'm really here for it this is the
content I want on my channel
anyways I really hope you guys like it
now let's go down to the fun part which
is the vlog it's a very exciting event
tonight that kind of happened
spur-of-the-moment last-minute alex is
in town and uh us for so Alex myself
Carrie and Julia are going to this
Spotify event for the Jonas Brothers and
I would say whit but we don't know for
sure if Jonas Brothers are gonna be
there but we are really hoping so it is
party yes and so it's a very like last
minute supposedly secret event that we
are really lucky to get invited to Julia
Carrie and myself bought tickets for
their concert at Madison Square Garden
in August so we were like slowly
prepping for August because we have all
been like super fans since like we were
pubescent and very young so we haven't
quite processed going to this event and
potentially seeing them and them may be
performing so this is really really cool
so I thought why not vlog it's gonna be
a lot of fun it says it's a carnival so
I feel like you know that's gonna be
cool to vlog hopefully hopefully we can
even vlog I'm assuming we can but yeah I
thought I would take you guys along with
me and us I will show you guys what I am
wearing and what everyone else is
wearing because we're all just really
cute because you know we're gonna go see
our high school boyfriend's it's gonna
be really fun this is my outfit I'm
wearing this red top which is from Virg
girl got on some jeans which I actually
don't know where these are from they're
a new brand here's what it's called I
just recently purchased them booties
classic and then just a bunch of jewelry
so that's my look she just got back from
work her and Carrie so they're like
rushing to get ready getting ready for
my wedding in 40 minutes it's fine okay
what are you wearing top from
Reformation jeans from a gold cute honey
pack booties because I wanna dance you
know yeah you know you all right Carrie
I'm bi am doing my makeup who surprised
hi wait I love it
[Music]
you look so good
[Music]
really okay to the equipment the dynamic
the amazing the extraordinary Jonas
father
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
so we're back um I did not blog for a
few reasons one because they don't lose
not to bring out our blog camera so I
have a clip of you know me on my phone
but then you know what all credit goes
to Alex because I lost all sanity rage I
didn't even know I had a camera I didn't
know I had how do you spell your I don't
even know what YouTube is when they came
on the stage and I fully lost everything
so any clip you see from us dancing
enjoying the concert is kindly supplied
by Alex Dumas and this would I says go
okay vote for Nick 2020 I'll be 74 I
hope you guys enjoyed this day this vlog
day we had a lot of fun and love Jonas
Brothers forever
subscribe
