[Music]
what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so as you can see I'm in a very
different setting this weekend this long
weekend Patrick and I have partnered
with Norwegian cruise lines to show you
guys and test out their new Norwegian
encore which is a new ship so we're on a
three-day cruise we had left from Miami
yesterday we got to Miami and then we
got on the ship and then we went to a
really cool event it was a christening
event because it's a new ship they have
this whole ceremony and party
essentially so we got dressed up and we
went to that last night
pirate Patrick here in typhoon Tennessee
reporting for duty tonight we will show
you the christening featuring Kelly
Clarkson with a bottle of champagne
slamming into the side of this wonderful
vessel
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
your star well to the christening of
Norwegian encore
[Music]
but say is the seed a so we have a ton
of time to explore the ship we're gonna
try out a bunch of different things and
bring you guys along with us on the blog
camera Patrick's gonna film a little bit
and get some cool shots of it so it's
gonna be really fun we're kind of
testing it out for you you know it's
like perfect timing with the holidays
coming up spring break that's always
when my family and I went cruising so by
us testing it out hopefully it gives you
an idea if it's something you want to do
in the future you and your family it's a
great idea so let's go I'm excited we're
gonna go on the racetrack soon which I'm
really excited about a racetrack on a
cruise ship it's unreal to me so they
have these little like power booster
guns so if you don't want to ride the
racetrack you can sit up here and give
the riders little boot
which is super cool
it's ice we're going on the racetrack
robbing a bank or going on a race
[Music]
next up laser tag which I'm really
excited about this one's unique because
normally for laser tag I feel like
you're in like a really dark room and
there's like neon lights everywhere this
is all in an open area and it's got like
a cool theme to it there's like a huge
serpent in the middle and then you use
the knife own gun to kind of see the
laser that's shooting out really cool
[Music]
okay so we came to eat at this cute
diner that they have on the ship so we
got flutters mozzarella stick
[Music]
all right he's gonna go on the slide the
one that shoots you down I'll try and
catch you
we showered and change the governing for
dinner Beretta
what are we a country country style yeah
also I'm not a gambler I won $70
okay so I lost 30 but I made 70 back
tonight
my merman her super fluffy
[Music]
being capable
sound excited I've never seen kinky
boots before those can be fun
[Music]
since we cannot actually film something
that any actually not even a clip
baby I will do my best to reenact the
highlights of it host show
I should have brought my Mihai
you didn't
[Music]
we were running a little late this
morning because we slept in so we even
ran and I get on the $10 road yeah
anyway
we're outside of the ship on a tender
boat that existed Islands
we're gonna go jet skiing
without our motorcycles
[Applause]
we thought we were gonna go double but
we each get our own town Isaac said to
throw her off take a whole little dip
gotta go find Tess
bring my my Starcraft we're in the
middle of our jet ski adventure I was
demoted to last on the line and now I'm
number two oh good you know check this
out
[Music]
we're getting lunch what are you getting
but if you check the barbecue pulled
pork in don't
so we just got done jet pain was really
fun what do you think there's so much
fun definitely it would recommend that I
was intimidated at first but you know
got the hang of it and then I finally
what did I say on the clip I was demoted
to last in the line and then he put me
up to two at the end I almost got one so
it's really excited about that but we
just got lunch
esra starving got pulled pork chicken
[Music]
chillin pretty hard
Pat's pale skin over here gotta shake it
up right here and look at me I burn we
are relaxing on the beach now after
lunch was delicious we're gonna go
swimming in the ocean soon it's gonna be
great it's really pretty the water is so
warm so blue
feeling Billy Leslie we are back on the
boat from the Bahamas I showered and
changed we went up here to take some
sunset shots because the thing about
cruising sunsets on the sea are just so
different it's stunning I'm going to
show you it's a little too different
every minute that sounds fun side to
work but right now it's really pretty
doesn't this look like a painting Wow
give it a little outfit change got ready
for dinner I got burnt today which is
not me I know but I feel like you burn I
don't usually burn I do I'm delicate
whatever we're going to dinner we're
going to a Mexican restaurant which I'm
really excited to test out I love some
Mexican food
so we're gonna go do that like last time
I probably won't vlog during dinner I'm
gonna show you the food though because
it's very delicious and then we're gonna
go to a show later this time or tonight
it's choir of man which I'm really
excited to see we got a sneak peak of it
at the christening and it looks really
good
[Music]
[Applause]
I know really good like all you makes we
just fired man and it was so much fun so
obviously we're back in New York now I
really hope you guys enjoyed it that
week into my life it was definitely a
fun one so huge thank you again to
Norwegian cruise lines for partnering
with us on this video I really hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching and stay tuned we've got some
fun holiday vlogs coming up and yeah I
will see you guys in my next video bye
