[Music]
good morning friends so it is very early
we have an engagement shoot today so it
is a wedding series video which I'm very
excited about today it is also sponsored
by SK 2 which is a skincare brand I'm
really excited and I really wanted to
put a skincare brand into one of these
wedding care wedding series videos
because I feel like skin here is
something that a lot of brides stress
about on their wedding day or when
they're taking photos because you want
to have nice skin for your wedding day
you want to feel good and definitely for
me that is something that I've been
really focusing on it's trying to really
stick to a really strict skincare
routine to kind of maintain my skin so
this is the SK 2 facial treatment
essence I talked about this stuff before
in my travel essentials video and I
swear which I could just like stress
this to you enough how much this
actually it's like I stand behind this
this has worked so well for me this is
my second bottle I really love it I use
it after my cleanser and toner and then
I basically Pat this into my hands and
Pat it onto my face and then I follow up
with a moisturizer and going with my
makeup I really really like it it has
Patera in it which is packed full of
amino acids vitamins minerals you guys
know or maybe some of you don't but I
have suffered from cystic acne and I've
done so many things to kind of fix that
and treat that and really like calm it
down but a lot of the times they leave
behind scars red marks dark spots like
just my little skin tone is uneven which
sometimes makeup can even fix so I
needed something that was gonna fix that
and this does the work for me and it's
great so if you're looking for something
and you have problematic skin I
definitely would recommend this this
stuff has shown results quicker than a
lot of my other products that I switched
to and I really mean that
so I definitely would give it a try so
if you're interested in it I will have
links in the description box below but
I'm going to go ahead and finish my
skincare routine and then I'm going to
put on my
so I'm not late for this shoot but I
just uploaded skin or my everyday makeup
routine and so I will have that here you
guys want to see that but I will see you
when I'm all cute and ready to go
hair and makeup is done I just went for
it my classic everyday I didn't want to
do anything crazy because that's not us
that's not Pat and I we wanted to do
stuff that we wear and look like every
day we didn't want to go crazy but we're
shooting at this place called the funky
oft and I found it on Instagram I
thought it was really cute very
different I've never seen like a save
the date or like engagement shoot there
so I thought it would be really fun and
kind of give people from home a taste of
New York so we're here at the zombie
loft
[Applause]
here's the crew getting married friend
friend
like this is the space hi hello it's
very very cool we got mr. Gellin behind
the camera like could be live sure you
look so great in this kitchen
Wow yeah it's like Matt oh there he goes
the leg okay
oops make it I went for a white dress
classic and Pat's I'm going for Dawson
yeah there you go it's like your classic
Pat look I love my suspenders just like
a gesture like okay so I think we got
one on the swing oh we are going to move
to this piano setup now it's got a
really cool pattern wall in the back
this place is a very photogenic
I feel like anywhere we walk we're gonna
get a good sound out absolutely
[Music]
Paige into something pretty simple I'm
in just a white tee and denim and then
Pat now Pat's in a flannel white tee and
denim cash and we're gonna shoot in the
kitchen because it is so cute
secur secur one Oh knock knock who's
there
hungover hungover who last night
[Music]
we're finding a because Pat normally
shoots me that us together being like
cozy and cute it's like I was a little
weird I have my stellar one-liner jokes
and it just makes the whole room they
know she's good at that she has her
little one-liners or she'll do like an
interpretive dance and then that's how
we get the laugh laughing shot a cute
laugh we change into our last outfit
that we have it's going by really quick
we're getting all the shots place is so
photogenic that it's like hard to get a
bad photo but I just changed into this
dress from Reformation that's in like a
printed it kind of actually looks like
this wallpaper looks you like blend in
can you see me anyways we're gonna shoot
on this couch it's really cute
[Music]
so far so good question is good job John
so I think we're doing really well and
basically we just did another spot from
above and I think we really just nailed
it you know with my direction and
[Music]
swimmingly
good eye well okay check in later thank
you over it up so we got three looks
done in three different spots and I feel
like they all turned out really good so
thanks Dylan boy wait you're out of
focus there you go you did no it's good
he's the best saved us and Carrie is the
best person ever and really helped with
all of the posing the laughs and all the
clips that you're seeing on now on
YouTube so it is the next day I wanted
to give you guys a little bit of a
finale and what we ended up going with
for our save the dates so you guys could
see like what we chose but first I just
want to give a thank you to freaking
Kerry Murray because she's amazing and
she always makes these wedding videos
like behind the scenes when it comes to
like my dress
this video probably many many more of
these wedding videos she always makes my
life so much easier and makes it more
enjoyable for you guys to watch because
she really films a lot of it so yeah
huge shot at her she's like the best
best friend and best maid of honor ever
but also to Dylan are one of our good
friends who is a photographer but he
helped us out we didn't shoot with our
wedding photographer who's in Minnesota
just because of the time crunch so
Whitley if you're watching we're really
excited to shoot with you but huge shout
out to Dylan for really helping us out
and finally this is our save the day we
love it we feel like it fits our vibe
really really well I obviously blocked
out the date and the location just for
security purposes
guys know what's in September but you
know I just didn't want to give exact
details but we absolutely love it we
feel like it we both agreed on that one
we thought it fit really well I made the
template on minted in case any of you
guys are curious but we thought it fit
really well and the save the date kind
of looked like a frame I don't know we
thought it was cute um but anyways thank
you guys so much for watching I really
hope you guys are enjoying this wedding
series there's so many more things to
come I literally just finalized most of
my bachelorette plans so yeah many fun
videos I can't wait for you to meet our
wedding party and see the bridesmaid
dresses which some of them are right
next to me so I'm excited for all that
but I'm gonna shut up and I hope see you
all in my next video also a huge thank
you to sk2 for sponsoring this video
make sure you guys check out a couple of
my other wedding series videos that I
have on my channel and I will see you
guys in my next video
bye
