[Music]
so we are as you can tell by the intro
we are doing the you control our life
yes you you control our date night
so we thought we would start off the
poll by asking you guys if we should
stay in you guys will see it already
well in certain if we should stay in or
go out which which are you voting for I
would prefer to go because there's a
couple restaurants that I'm quite keen
on trying so hopefully I know so
hopefully you guys vote go out I think
you will I don't think you'll do that to
us
where we have to stay in cuz we want to
go out for day night but we will see so
I am going to put that on my Instagram
story and we will check back in about 10
ish minutes thank goodness it looks like
the verdict is 65% go out so we're going
out let's dressed about that one I know
35% of people I don't know I just feel
like it would be a boring video I mean
maybe we could make it fun I feel like
I'm not giving you a fast enough credit
but go out for sure that's good I've
been cooped up all day so yay now we're
gonna have you guys pick our outfit wait
what I laid out two different outfits
it is raining so it limits the shoe
choice just a little bit but I decided
to go with this they're not like crazy
different or anything
but I went with a sweater and jeans with
just like some cute black booties and
then this one is just a t-shirt beret
and some Doc Martens which is some black
jeans so they're both pretty basic I was
gonna do like casual or not casual but
then it depends on where you guys vote
for us to go out to eat so I thought I
would just play it safe with these two
options and to see what you guys pick we
have a top hat inspired by John Mayer no
I said John Mayer
wearing a lot of those striped shirts so
I was gonna say this is very Pat like I
Lindy not I'll indeed but like I don't
know you're like fun outfits that you
usually do that's just New York cozy I
guess just boots black pants because
black and a flannel because it's raining
and it's chilly and I'm just not in the
mood to be cold at dinner I'm fond of
both of them but maybe the one with the
hat because I've only worn this shirt
once and I've never worn these pants so
I just posted both of the output options
I know as you heard I I guess I don't
really have a favorite did I have a
favor I can't remember I don't think I
did Pat doesn't really care either so
this one's totally up to you we don't
care what you pick so I just posted
those so we're gonna wait about 10 15
minutes and then we're gonna see which
one wins get changed and then the next
poll will happen
we checked polls and we both changed
into the outfits that you guys picked
for us this is mine classic test outfit
oops I bumped it I'm not gonna let me
kind of match I know I think they did
that on purpose you guys style this solo
goodness we've had all right this is
Pat's
I mean you guys saw but this is Pat's
chosen outfit I don't know if you can
see it in this light but earlier my cuff
was matching my outfit and again this is
all pretty much kind of matching made it
fit again it looks something like that
they did a good job you look so handsome
thank you this one won by a landslide it
was like eighty-three percent or
something when I checked it I don't know
how that wasn't that what happened I
because it's cute I like it it's my
favorite that's so much taller so
vlogging is always so difficult just get
like here I'll go like this
alright man you got me to do my hair and
it's raining outside son of a gun so
while we were changing I put up another
poll it was do we go out in Brooklyn or
the city which both of us I feel like
don't have a preference we live in
Brooklyn so we're in Brooklyn a lot so
going in there's good food in both
places you're not gonna go wrong so
going out to dinner and either of those
places is gonna be great so I'm just
curious what you guys have to pick I
never know if you guys prefer the city
or Brooklyn so this should be
interesting
so the verdict is in on the city versus
Brooklyn and the only guesses I'm gonna
sue the city
it is the city nice but by a close call
which I was actually kind of surprised I
don't know why I felt like most of you
guys wanted us to go to the city but it
was 46% Brooklyn good amount so um
next our poll is take the subway call a
lift please pick a lift I spent four
hours on the train today I am in no mood
to do that again I have a feeling your
guys are gonna vote the subway because I
don't know it's more entertaining right
while we wait on the lift versus subway
decision pole we put up a dinner pole
and pets food choice is I want pup food
baby and I put
dumplings okay while we wait for that
last pole what should we eat I'm gonna
have a pole down there which we eat
there's two different dumpling spots we
like Joe's Shanghai and red farm Joe
Shanghai we would be there for hours so
we thought red farm they have really
good soup dumplings so I want to go
there he wants you in the village so
like you really can't go wrong I mean
both of them are so we win in general
but Pat wants pub food I want dumplings
so we will see I think so far that's
gonna be the closest call for food Oh
for food okay mm-hmm
so we'll see you in a second has been
about 20 minutes since I posted the
subway versus lyft and it's a very
obvious when Subway is winning by 60% so
we're gonna take that both of the
restaurants we chose are in the West
Village so that's actually perfect cuz
we take it to the same stop no matter
what and then we'll check on the train
which restaurant wins it is raining you
guys did this I want you to know I mean
it's fine we're walking to the subway
hitting me if I get wet I melt everyone
knows that hey princess Patrick back
there but I'm just like lucky you guys
voted for a beret for me because it
saves all my hair problems that the rain
causes we did bring an umbrella
that's good under my umbrella where's
Rianna one-hitter oh thank you oh it
didn't work thank you so it's in New
York version of holding a door for your
date it's like a subway
you can blame me
on the train and we left the infirm
[Music]
we are going to have you to vote on them
but that they got to hungry so we'd like
to order what we wanted to order by
getting a little and grease I'm like
saved a night much like you're sure
order now
we're gonna have you guys photos and
drinks though so excited
we just left dinner
it was delicious I'm promoting a
doubling wonderful but while we were in
there it was really loud so we didn't
want to talk too much while we were in
there but we had you guys vote for
either dessert or drinks and dessert won
by a lot by the time we paid the check
third party won like by a lot so then I
had you guys vote on Magnolia or milk
bar
[Music]
so
[Music]
like the horns
that's too big that's too big so since
milk farm line we're gonna do a poll
while we eat miss bar and that is
whether or not we go home to watch
movies or you listen to live music so I
don't like music but I also vote movie
although I don't know I don't really
care both I vote I don't care on either
of us I'm cool with going home and
watching listening to language say I
don't want so let's go like music he
loves music that was always
[Music]
such a fun date night do you like your
ice cream yeah I'm gonna suck it for ice
cream you know so it's a good thing they
voted huh yeah yeah okay so okay so and
dip
we're leaving male 5 piano bar one so
we're going to one of our favorites
which you've also seen in a lot of our
vlogs which is called the duplex it's a
piano bar and on Sundays and Thursdays
they do like karaoke open mic night so
it's always the best start work so we're
gonna go we just left the do class the
piano bar we stayed for a couple songs
it was really crowded so we just wanted
to stay for a few but now we're headed
back I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video this is really fun thank you guys
for picking our date for us you know a
really good time and I hope you guys did
too so if you like these type of videos
be sure to give it a thumbs up and if
you want to be a part of the next one be
sure to follow me on my Instagram don't
see you guys in my next video bye
