[Music]
welcome to the London vlog we got the
crew Julia and Carrie are joining us
this time I mean you guys know Alex and
Danny you know I did you guys are always
on all of our videos but we're here
because just carries birthday ya know uh
yeah she wanted to come to London she's
never been here before Julie is actually
trending abroad so she's been here
before but we're very excited today we
are going to Hyde Park the first we're
going to yeah Alex and I love them
mushroom and illumi we get it every time
it's so good but I got to wrap this why
I'm Alex Scott the burger just looks so
good
and this is my wrap it so kiss noise and
then Julia got chicken and corn on the
cob mashed potatoes Dan got a bunch of
stuff and Pat is not eating kind of diet
water just getting his stuff is on the
way up actually I think right now
this is so good
yes Thank You Simon
Thank You Julia you look like you're in
a movie I know here taking the two to
hide parts lip tattoos it made me really
nice day
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
this is fantastic car we came to this
place for lunch card and they have press
for champagne button which is
essentially why we came but it also just
looks like this we kind of would be
really fun in rainy today inside almost
night for sure but I'm Julia show you
Julia is sitting next to like the belly
button ever like I wanted in my house
and hats here that's getting a tattoo
today
so we all decided to get pies
we got chicken mushroom champagne pies
they look amazing hot got a chicken yeah
keep you yeah yeah yeah I look amazing
Julia's like diving in I think somewhere
the ladies photos not me they're the
ladies podcast for the Sun Goes Down so
one sex by two three today on the agenda
we are going to Notting Hill which is a
really pretty area and then we are all
going to do high tea which I know I've
never done before but I don't think a
lot of people have we just finished
eating at this place called kitchen and
pantry her breakfast it was really good
did you like it - I loved it
now we're gonna go walk on Portobello
Road she looks like rainbow sherbert
today she wants to get a photo by all of
those colorful houses that are in
Notting Hill
naughty naughty we are now walking to
the tube because we are going to go to
high tea very excited we're going to get
nurse down house should be good so I'll
see you see you
[Music]
I love whole reason why we are here
it's her 26th birthday Wow all time
alright it started up today we came to
Costa Coffee and we're just you know my
name is um yet but we got some breakfast
and coffee for Kerry's birthday we
decided that we were going to do a bunch
of the touristy eleven things a lot of
us have already done it before but
carrie has not and she's the birthday
girl so we went to Buckingham Palace
first but they were doing the changing
of the guards so it's pretty busy we
watched that which is really cool
because I've never seen that and now
we're at Westminster Abbey it is so
pretty it's so pretty
a little bit of a heads up if you come
to London now until 2021
Big Ben looks like she go amazing it was
truly evolved in Isaac then and it's
really like articulate target texture
and like the details about it look at it
I love you so we came to and sky gardens
the girl said the guys went to a pub but
we wanted to get up birthday mimosa
first of the day so pretty you get the
best views
[Music]
we left sky garden and we're getting
into a taxi and we are going to a new
your shouldn't do that we are going to a
pub basically to meet the guys and we're
starving Wednesday my dude it is more
like 2.6 where are we going guys are you
so excited schools what no it's from
Eurotrip we're sitting on the train the
creepy guy on the translate receive an
excuse but she's like
[Music]
on a train
[Music]
like mini versions of all the sites so
here I can say value
I'd like to say something in French but
lest embarrass myself and everybody else
I'm just gonna say I'm excited to be
here and it's gonna be a wonderful scarf
back to its homeland care economy that's
in Paris
mirtha it's really cute I stole it in
Ireland a lot of you guys asked where it
was from it's from here just checked in
to our 24-hour Airbnb it's so cute I
love it we're in there
but the best part about Paris always are
the balconies they're amazing ok so we
all quickly changed and I mean a really
quick we got checked into the Airbnb
they all got really fancy we're going to
a nice restaurant I
waiting for it to flash and sparkle
board
oh my god
[Music]
okay so we've got some appetizers black
truffle black truffle pizza you know got
some spring rolls Julie got a beet salad
well we got some wines yeah
[Applause]
[Applause]
power the power of love here now marked
with I don't know this our dinner
shampoo and we are by the admin I walk
here we're waiting for it to Sparkle I'm
so excited
so I'll hang out there's Alex
[Laughter]
[Music]
we are a little hungover we went out
last night and so we are having the most
coffee and croissants right now and
we're gonna see a few last-minute
touristy things as much as we can before
our train and then we're gonna go back
to London it's gonna be great do you
have fun last night it was a good time
huh yeah we smelly we didn't like
yeah whose birthday it was great it was
exactly what I wanted
perfect bars perfect drinks I loved the
people
I've never feel better I know why you're
asking
did you have fun last night
[Music]
we're going to Coppa four-line social
club club igloos in the sky and we just
got into our egg blue I love it and it
works out really well because it's such
a nice day so all of this is no - I've
seen pictures and usually these are
closed when it's like super cold but
it's like very open it's like a perfect
day
it's so wonderful very excited because
they have pictures here is we're gonna
do mimosas
they have sangria we're going full New
York brunch style so I and Julia and I
got this really yummy looking grain bowl
and I of course added Ballou me the guys
over here with some pasta there's more
coming because Carrie but it looks so
good I'm so excited
Mary's food got here we have avocados
YUM you got
what is this fried chicken yeah they
look like kind of like buffalo chicken
vices really good I've got some chicken
oh everything is looks amazing brunch
most delicious became by the Tower
Bridge to take some photos also to look
at it obviously more important than
taking photos but it's really cute
Carrie how do you think it was delicious
well brunch and all rich the bridges
group roads where love the bridge was
the hard choice delicious
I wish our bridges in Manhattan had we
just got to Abbey Road it was a little
bit of a struggle getting a photo but we
got one it looks like this so the thing
is I feel like a lot of people didn't
talk about with Abbey Road it's a full
busy street it's not like a cool side
street like an alley like it's a full
busy road and also like the beatles are
huge so there's a lot of people that are
coming and trying to do the same thing
so it was a little bit stressful i was
literally having a panic but we got the
photo it looks great it's it's very cool
to see if you're a butyl fan you will
love it I know Kerry is geeking yeah the
right next door is Abbey Road Studios my
mom and there's a gate but you can see
inside of it or kind of like I wonder
what it looks like but it's right next
to Abbey Road very cool I've never been
here before I know I've been to London
probably twice in my life but I've never
come to Abbey Road so it's definitely
worth it if you're a fan but very cool
we just do the walk Crossing John do you
want to say hi to my vlog
he's having your dad we walked to a
regent park we're all just chillin we've
got snacks we're gonna hang here for a
while
people Pat in case you're wondering
where he is he's out of photography
exhibit that he wanted to go to so he
kind of is doing that now it's like 5:00
p.m. so he's doing that and then he's
gonna come meet up with us we're gonna
get dinner and then we're probably gonna
go out because it's our last day Cape
Breton it was recommended to me by
someone so I went and I saw an exhibit
and it was fantastic I would highly
recommend it okay so how did everyone
like the ramen I'm stuffed
I told you we were in trouble we're all
walking because we're so full literally
ramen drunk were like stumbling so
obviously I am back in New York now I
wanted to give this video a little bit
of a sign-off because it kind of ended
abruptly it would about last clip but
also I didn't film anything at the
airport because you guys know what
travel days are always kind of stressful
and it was a long one but I am back now
and I really hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog this one was so special to me
because as you guys know Carrie is one
of my absolute best friends and it was
so special for me to be able to
celebrate with her in a place that was
like her top bucket list spot to go like
she's been dreaming of London for so
long and she deserves this and so much
more so so lucky that not only did I get
to spend it with her but now I have this
video as like a memory bank to look back
on but I really hope you guys liked it
and yeah I will see you all in my next
video bye
