we're married that was the are you ready
you just say are you mad what
let's as you know what we got married
what's up guys welcome back to my
channel today's video as you can tell is
a very special one because we are here
to officially say that's where you marry
so for today's video I am going to talk
to you guys about our wedding I'm not
gonna make Patrick sit through all this
because I'm going through the logistics
of planning obviously this is not our
official wedding video that is coming
soon I'll explain that in a second but I
thought I would just have Patrick I'm
here for the intro because it only you
know is fitting but before we get
started I just wanted to say a huge
thank you to you guys you have been so
supportive through this whole wedding
process and have just been so great and
made it so much more exciting for us
we've already been excited about this
for a while but having you guys be just
as excited has been really fun and our
wedding was amazing what did you think
it was a blast I would love to do it all
over again
maybe not the planning um was so fun so
I'm gonna talk to you guys all about
that money all that fun detail stuff
that you guys want to know or at least
that I've been seeing asked on my
Instagram so yeah I'm gonna kick Patrick
out and we're gonna get into the details
so for the rest of the video it's just
gonna be me and I want to sit down and
explain some details to you guys of the
actual wedding things that went wrong
things that we were really glad we had
the stuff that costs us the most and the
stuff we really regret just because I
thought that that would be really
helpful I actually got this idea off of
an Instagram comment a few of you guys
are a lot of you guys thumbs up this
comment wanting should just know more
details and how to or I guess how we
felt about the wedding just in general I
wrote a bunch of things down on some
paper so I don't forget if you see me
looking down on anything it's that but
let's just talk about the wedding video
right away because I know that's gonna
be a huge question at least all over my
Instagram every time I upload
photo it's like where's the wedding
video where's the wedding video it's
only been about a week and a half two
weeks since we've gotten married
so the wedding video will not be here
this month I can tell you that much we
hired an amazing company called harvest
film Co on Instagram definitely go check
them out they are incredible and they
specialize in weddings and we knew that
when we were hiring a videographer we
wanted to go somebody that has done a
lot of weddings in fact this company is
filmed at our actual venue a bunch of
times so we just felt really good about
it - their work is just incredible so we
felt really comfortable with that but
the thing is is that with film companies
that work with weddings a lot
they are just super busy because they
have a lot of weddings sometimes these
people do three weddings in a weekend
which means we are not the first on
their list
they have weddings that their editor up
to us and I never ever ever want to use
my status of being a youtuber or have a
lot of followers on Instagram to be like
put me first I need to upload my video
like a week after the wedding like no no
no that's just not my style and I know
I'm not gonna bump anybody just for the
sake of me having followers and you guys
all really want to see it cuz girl trust
me we want to see the video to our
friends and family are asking we are so
excited J who is the main guy that
filmed our video he sent like the
tiniest tiniest little clips that he's
editing so we absolutely loved the style
of it it fits our style it's not all in
like 35-millimeter style but he's adding
that twist to it which you guys know is
very us so anyways we're very excited
I'm really hoping by the end of October
I will be able to upload it I feel like
that's usually I think we got a timeline
of six weeks but in the meantime lovey
Whitley who was our wedding photographer
she was so kind so kind to send us over
a bunch of photos the Sunday after we
got married who got married on a
Saturday and literally Sunday morning
she sent over this huge batch that I've
been uploading all over Instagram and I
pretty much uploaded
the good those super super good ones
that I wanted to share so I'm just
waiting on the second batch like the
bridesmaids photos and things like that
obviously more photos of Patrick and I
are family so that'll be coming soon but
in the meantime if you're not already
following that Instagram definitely go
check those out cuz I uploaded a bunch
that I absolutely love she just did such
an amazing job I'll put a couple here
for you so I'm gonna get in some more
details about the photo and video
pricing and all that kind of stuff in a
little bit but first I wanted to talk
about my dress because a lot of you guys
commented about it and I never really
got to talk about it in the wedding
series I did a whole dress trying on
video but I obviously wasn't able to
show the actual dress that I chose so I
actually have the clip of me trying it
on for the first time I blurted out in
the original video but I have the
unblurred version so I will put that in
here oh wow oh my gosh I love it a lot
yeah it's like this oh my god it almost
looks like a leather yeah that's so cool
I'm done done okay let me just get it
like oh it is so pretty yeah cuz I
really like this I like how it kind of
like almost Corsetti yes
[Music]
oh my god there is a train yes this is
beautiful
yeah oh I do too
like this I think that's my favorite aha
so as you can tell from the final photos
and when I tried it on there there were
a lot of alterations first things first
the dress that I tried on was much
bigger than I actually needed so once I
got it in my size I took down the straps
here so they weren't as high and then I
squared out the neckline a little bit
more it was way more scooped when I
first tried it on and then obviously I
hadn't it to my height so I absolutely
loved it it was an Australian designer
which I thought was really really cool
but I just thought it was so unique it's
so crazy because that was actually not
but I didn't even pick that dress out
like when I was just looking on the
hangers I did not even pick it out I
just went right past it and sooo at the
one bridal who is amazing and if you
want to get your dress in New York
Brooklyn whatever go to her she
literally makes me feel so special I
can't stress it enough she was like I
think you need to try this on and I was
so skeptical even like putting it on as
like and then I got it on and I was like
oh my god I was a little shy about it in
the clips because I think I was so
surprised but how much I actually really
liked it because I didn't on the hanger
and then when I just got it altered I
just remember loving it more and more
and more and I couldn't have been more
happy hey this is sue everyone from the
one bridal she's the absolute best I
just picked up my dress I'm so excited
it's you I know I'm gonna meet you too I
am so excited I tried it on one last
time and no I just want the day to be
here so I can see it and its full
potential so let's get into the juicy
stuff and that's if anything went wrong
so the first one I really hope that she
doesn't kill me that I'm telling this
story but it happened with one of the
bridesmaid dresses this one is not as
crazy and not as a horror story because
it could have happened literally the
night before the wedding or a week
before the wedding and it would have
been much worse but this happened months
before the wedding so we had plenty of
time to fix it but long story short the
one of the bridesmaids had brought her
dress home to her apartment and
roommate had a cat has a cat not that
cat has a cat and I think you can fill
in the blanks but basically the cat
destroyed the dress ripped it to shreds
and she called me sobbing and I was like
listen this could have been so much
worse
it could have been the night before the
wedding that would have been a little
bit scary to deal with because she
literally went to pad a dress but it was
months ahead of time but I thought I
would just share that fun little story
because it feels like something that
would happen in a movie but too like my
dress so now let's talk about rain
because rain is something that a lot of
people fear on their wedding day
including myself so our wedding venue
was predominantly outdoors they had an
option for you to get married in this
like pavilion area where the dance and
the dinner is so that you did have a
backup which you know made me feel
better but the problem with our venue is
that the bathrooms the bar like getting
to all the like places you want to go
this like upper seating area you have to
go outside so rain was just like not
something I really wanted and you know
they say rain is not something you
should fear on your wedding day
and so I was like you know it's gonna be
fine no matter what you know the I've
seen such beautiful wedding photos that
come out of rain but I was just like a
little nervous and you know what's crazy
is that up until the wedding week there
was no rain and then the wedding we came
and it was storms all we could and I was
like are you kidding me so I was
literally kind of driving myself crazy
just checking every single day and it
kept sending rain and then it would go
down and then the percentage of rain
would go down and then it would go back
up and it was just like going like this
and I was stressing myself out for no
reason because weather is literally
something no one can control so the fact
that I was getting so stressed was like
annoying me
so I was getting even more stressed
because I was annoyed at myself for
getting stressed so yeah basically it
was supposed to rain up until Friday
night I'm like okay it's gonna rain it's
gonna rain I've accepted it it's gonna
so I Amazon primed umbrellas like 20
clear umbrellas and I spent like $400 on
these damn umbrellas and I you know like
overnighted them whatever shipped them
to the hotel and then we wake up on
Saturday no rain clear it ended up
raining at night so that was fine but
like I literally didn't care no one
cares you're already married you're so
happy it's just it's one of those things
you can't control so like try not to
stress about it it's literally the best
thing you can do for yourself because
getting that worked up before the actual
wedding like so close to the wedding
will do you no good which it did me no
good so the last thing that at least I
know of that was like a little bit
topsy-turvy was the shuttle and hotel so
where we got married in Minnesota was a
smaller town I can say it now we got
married in Red Wing and it's not the
biggest place it's not like the twin
cities where there's like a ton of
hotels everywhere guests have a lot of
options no there's not a lot of options
and there's also a lot of wedding also
other weddings and wedding venues in Red
Wing besides the one we're getting
married at so the hotels fill up quickly
so you have to do like a room block the
the hotel that we stayed at only gave us
like a max amount but we gave guests
like ample time one thing I've learned
that guests wait till the last minute to
book their hotels so our hotel filled up
pretty quickly so guests had to kind of
like find random hotels and we couldn't
booked them at some of the other ones
because they already had wedding blocks
or some of them were being a little
snooty and like you have to get married
in our hotels and do a hotel block here
that made the shuttle which the shuttle
was something that took guests from the
hotel to the venue a little bit sporadic
and we had to wait a good amount of time
we actually had to push the ceremony
back a half an hour so all the guests
could be there in time to see us get
married so that was another little
hiccup nothing crazy I think the biggest
thing to note from all this is literally
none of it matters I think the only
thing that would be like the worst case
scenario is if your groom doesn't show
up or your bride or whatever you're
marrying as long as they're there you
should just be like yay
now let's talk about money because a lot
of people want to know pricing so I
thought about it and I was like do I
want to give exact numbers and I thought
about it and I was just like no and the
reason why is not because I'm like
necessarily fear of like judgment but
it's just kind of pointless because
everything varies by where you're you
know florist in New York City is gonna
cost way more than a florist in
Minnesota
so everything berries no matter where
you are in the world unless I told you
my exact vendors and you booked my exact
vendors with the same services then
you're gonna know like then the pricing
might be helpful but otherwise it's not
so I thought I would do it a little bit
differently and talk about money and
talk about the priciest things you will
spend and then the stuff that we
prioritize how we saved money what we
regretted all that fun stuff the things
that we spent the most money on hands
down the venue photo and video florals
and catering those four things were the
biggest checks we wrote and ouch but
then you we put more money into the
venue because a few things we were
planning the wedding long distance we
are obviously living in New York and we
were planning it in Minnesota so we
wanted a venue our biggest criteria for
a venue was we wanted it to already like
pretty much have everything we needed in
it which venues can vary so much for
weddings and we looked at another one
but it needed a lot of work to make it
feel like a wedding you know what I mean
like it needed drapery it needed all the
stuff to it otherwise it just kind of
felt like one big empty room so why we
booked our venue which is Legacy Hill
farm
it's incredible you can look it up on
Instagram and see how beautiful it is we
booked our venue without even seeing it
in person
it was a huge risk but we definitely
lucked out with that so the next thing
that will cost you the most depending on
what you get and then the other thing
that we prioritize to the venue and
photo and video we no matter of what
your job is whether a youtuber or on
social media or not photo and video is
something I definitely
and prioritizing and maybe putting a
little bit more of your budget into
because your wedding day goes by so fast
Patrick and I literally feel like we've
blinked and the wedding day was over and
having photos and videos to look back on
just kind of allows you to live through
it a little bit more and it's just
memories to have and I would just
recommend it to everybody I just think
it's so fun
we definitely got like a very high tier
photo and video not only for ourselves
but also for you guys so we knew we
wanted to upload a really great video to
YouTube for you guys to see obviously
you've been so invested in this and
since we can't film it ourselves not
that we can do the work that harvest can
for the video but we wanted somebody we
just didn't feel stressed at all about
and they just knew what they were doing
and they can create this amazing video
that I know you guys want to see but
obviously for us and our friends and
family we just really wanted to
prioritize that so we spent and I will
say thousands on photo and video but you
can definitely save money on that in a
way like you don't have to get a top
tier photo and videographer like you can
get like just your basic and you'll
still love it like that's a thing it's
your wedding day you're gonna love any
photos that are captured but as long as
you have someone there taking photos and
video trust me you will not regret it
the next two things florals and catering
we're going to talk about catering
because that was so expensive but we
also saved a lot of money in a few ways
that I'm going to explain now we decided
to go with a buffet style which is a
huge way to save money and we also
didn't have a plate in service like oh I
guess that would mean like not buffet
but because of that we didn't have
plates we didn't have chargers those
like decorative things that go under
plates we didn't have like actual silver
where we used recyclable like plates and
silverware so it didn't necessarily look
super fancy but we didn't need that like
that's something that we we just wanted
to make sure the food
good and that's all we cared about like
we didn't need the table set up really
pretty with like all of like linens and
like decorative plates and fine china
and [ __ ] like that like we didn't need
that I know some people love that and
that's okay and that's why people
prioritize things differently at their
wedding but for us we saved so much
money doing it this way and the craziest
thing is we got the most compliments
about the food at our wedding so now
let's talk about florals because oh my
god
florals are so expensive so okay we I
went a little crazy on the flowers not
gonna lie so obviously your classic
flowers you need
boutonnieres for the guy's wedding
bouquets for the bridesmaids and the
bride that's essentially it but me I was
like I think I want flowers down the
aisle I want flowers an altar on the
wine barrels on the fireplace all on the
head table like I just went a little
crazy like on the bar I went a little
nuts and our florist Emily at blossom
did such an amazing job but I totally
underestimated how much that was gonna
cost me and if I could do it over again
I probably would have cut back a little
bit on the flowers but you know what
we're here I just think that that is
something that I spent too much money on
and I probably could have it would have
looked just as beautiful without all of
that definitely with some of it but I
didn't need as much as I did did I love
it when I got there yeah I was like
everything is beautiful this is amazing
and I didn't even think about the check
like I was like this is so pretty but
looking back on it florals will get you
now I'm going to talk about some things
that are definitely extra you don't need
them but they are worth it so did I
regret any of these things no and I'm
gonna mention them because it's
something that I would consider putting
money into if you have extra in your
budget so I hired a hair and makeup
artist for
the mom so Patrick's mom and my mom
myself and then the bridesmaids
basically they came in about 6:30 a.m.
the wedding day and they set up in our
hotel room and did all of our hair and
makeup and this is one of those things
that you definitely don't need like it's
such a splurge thing to do but was it
worth it a hundred percent like it was
such a fun morning we all got breakfast
coffee like we were all just chatting
getting our hair and makeup done it was
just so relaxing knowing I could just
wake up and not have to worry about my
hair and makeup same for the girls it
was just it's kind of like everything
but elevated like all the girls is hair
like I put a little baby's breath in
their hair and everybody just looked so
good the moms loved it they never get
their hair and makeup done like that so
it's just fun to see them feel super
glam I'm gonna tell you an actual number
because this is pretty standard across
the board usually for hair and makeup
it'll cost each person starting $100 per
person for hair and makeup and usually
that is something they pay for
themselves or you can gift it to them
whatever you feel like you want to do
but yeah that is the thing next were
decor pieces throughout our venue we
hired this company called hello
wildflower and they helped decorate our
venue they added these really fun
vintage looking couches they added like
turanians I think they're called and
like lanterns say it is worth it
specifically because of the couches all
that other stuff is just really really
beautiful but I only say it's it's worth
considering renting like furniture for
your venue if it allows it is because
surprisingly so many people used it not
only did it make really great photo ops
but it made family members stay longer
throughout like the dance portion it was
really cool I saw my dad hanging out
there with like my uncle's like chillin
on the couch like their family friends
there was like a fire pit and everyone
kind of just like hangs out longer
because there's places to just kind of
relax and chat with family and friends
and not everyone has to be committed to
dancing which I think
a really cool option and then you're not
kind of like exiled to your seats where
you sat for dinner it's just a little
bit more of like a homey feel so let's
talk about where I saved money because
I've been talking about a lot of the
things that were really expensive so
let's talk about saving so like I
mentioned with the catering not going
super fancy with the table set up and
just doing like a classic buffet
recyclable plates all that fun stuff
good food that's how you can save a lot
of money there for the cake let's talk
about that because I didn't mention that
before so we didn't go for your
traditional huge wedding cake we saved a
lot of money by doing that we did a one
tier cake and then a bunch of cupcakes
and that was only a few hundred dollars
which to be honest is a pretty good deal
and I will tell you right now that
everything goes by so quickly after
dinner we even forgot to cut our cake
like officially we did it wait wait like
when we were already like few drinks in
I have a fun video that I'll share with
you guys but you don't need to go an
extravagant level with your cake if you
don't want to you can totally cut back
on that we saved so much money by not
doing this huge huge wedding cake next
hotel so you can save a lot of money on
your hotel when I originally was like
thinking about a hotel from our guests
Jaya and for us and like the wedding
party I kind of wanted to go for this
like boutique hotel vibe and like make
it all fancy and chic and cute and then
I was like what am i doing I'm not gonna
make my guests pay like three to four
hundred dollars a night to stay at this
fancy hotel when you're not even you're
just gonna sleep there like that's it
you're going to the wedding so then I
was like oh no okay we're gonna go to
the Holiday Inn so we went to the
Holiday Inn Express and it was perfect
we had hotel parties that got way too
crazy but listen we wouldn't have been
able to do that at the fancy boutique
hotel it made for way better memories
way more fun and everyone was really
happy with it and like I said you only
really sleep there and you go there
after the wedding and hang out with
everyone you don't need something to be
super fancy so we saved a bunch of money
on that the hotel was only like
110 dollars a night I think one thing we
had were there was a photo booth and it
was this cute like trailer photo booth
loved it I saw it in the Instagram knows
the guy really want that and we actually
had that as our guestbook so we had
guests go in there and then one would
print out for them and then one would
print out for our book and then they
would put it in the book and then write
a little message really really cute idea
but I will say that I went in there once
and I'm sure other people only one in
there once maybe a few extra times but
it was not used as much as I thought it
was gonna be so that's probably
something that if it wasn't there I
wouldn't be bummed because everyone's
taking photos on their camera phone
these days so it isn't 100% necessary
was it super cute and did a lot of
people use it and love it yes but I
probably wouldn't have done that knowing
like the outcome of it if you feel me so
to finish it up I wanted to talk about
our honeymoon
since that's another question that we've
been getting asked on I am NOT going to
lie and say that our wedding was pretty
expensive so we are going to just kind
of like sit on the honeymoon just for a
second we want to just make sure our
finances are all squared away we live in
New York City it ain't cheap so we just
want to make sure we're all squared away
all the final bills came in these last
couple weeks so we just want to make
sure we're good to go but we're kind of
hoping to you go somewhere in November
so we will see you guys we'll see when
we go on a honeymoon we're planning on
vlogging it for you guys maybe not as
intently vlogging it as we normally do
but making a cute little honeymoon video
to share with you guys our experience
especially if we don't have our wedding
video yet it'll be fun to show you guys
that until we do so I really hope you
guys found this helpful like I said all
this stuff berries by where you got
married
trust me all our wedding would have
looked a lot different if we got married
in New York City to be honest it
probably would have been at the
courthouse because a wedding in Red Wing
Minnesota was super expensive I can only
imagine in your
city so definitely do your research
because you can find great places and
not go crazy but I really hope you guys
love this like I said as soon as I get
the wedding video I will share it with
you guys but thank you so much for
following along I can't believe this is
over with the wedding series I feel so
excited actually I feel like I'm gonna
be able to start a new like chapter on
my youtube channel and it's gonna be
really really fun
yeah get ready for fall videos it's fall
time my favorite time ever so get ready
for that and I will see you guys in my
next video bye
