[Music]
okay I am back this weekend in Wisconsin
for my bridal shower so I've got a few
girls Mme
over here we're just taking some photos
but this weekend is actually Pat's
bachelor party so he is in San Diego
with all the guys and all the girls -
Cara because she's working but all the
girls are in Wisconsin for the bridal
shower it's gonna be really fun we're
doing like a brunch playing some games
I'm probably gonna leave it up to one of
them to help me vlog a little bit and
then after we're just gonna walk around
where I live go to a few bars it's gonna
be really fun so yeah I'm gonna vlog
hopefully I gave Pat an old vlog camera
so fingers crossed he's vlogging and I
will include the clips from his trip
throughout this video just because I
feel like it'll be a little bit more
entertaining and funny hopefully how do
you lie where are we going oh all right
bringing some Smurf boards along and
with the babies what time we leave
tonight okay cool
cheers to the zoo
[Music]
and it's two more fragile stickers the
flag bug goes gasps my fragile citizen I
gotta get the progress because I don't
know them guys to be like yo how many do
you need em like as many as a 1 because
I need like six of them essentially a
flag it's not a fast food joint when you
had this bony ass with ketchup on
everybody what she like what we mean
ketchup look at how cute this is
okay so what time is this time I did not
sleep on the plate Eli did Michael and
Brandon Michael's here Brandon's over
there
and you guys I with half an hour flight
or an hour flight from SFO yeah 45
minutes back
[Music]
we have not slept I haven't slept since
yesterday morning got some Smurfs in
hand who we got some Smurfette in yo
what up what up what up what's happenin
bro you good happen to this blog [ __ ] I
don't know how this works I think I just
have to point the camera at his face how
crossed about to get high all the way
down welcome back to the vlog I know you
guys it's like The Bachelor always with
the mimosa
[Music]
welcome to the bridal shower
Carrie came here Christine cam and Alex
Campbell good let's show you around
oh do I it's Juicy Couture they hi
everyone
- you too she probably did this already
but just in case what a beautiful setup
thanks Deanna thanks mom playing game
okay so whatever you didn't want is
doing currently is a writing on these
little keys and they give us what dating
advice so marriage about marriage and
then the second one is a date night idea
so Pat and I are gonna read those
eventually got the beef huh hey Josh you
think we have enough [ __ ]
hey you working yeah we're cool
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so who's the winner Alex pick a prize
Alex they're on the table
[Music]
[Music]
what about become brothers like to rest
once yeah so cheer today friend a
testament to who pat is anyone he passes
for 30 seconds for 10 years
he's best friend I think I says a lot
can't ask for a better younger brother
somehow you make every single person
that I can so many things so much more
difficult
you've been such a good sounding board
I'm so happy to hear from all
friendships that feels like he's been
consistently themselves every person
who's ever had anything about yourself
have we met forever in that yeah you can
take off your stuff and look to your
right and we're all in this
[Music]
I want to cry you guys have never met my
cousin's but these are two of my
cousin's me Megan Abby and then Katie
she's missing but you'll see her at the
wedding yeah yeah perfect and my Aunt
Nicole
Wow it's so frothy
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh my gosh those are perfect he is going
to love those I didn't know they needed
cutting boards he also you could use it
as a serving board for all of our shark
poo
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yes okay so clearly we are back in our
apartment in New York Patrick you notice
anything different about him he has a
sling why do you have a sling I broke my
collarbone on my bachelor party mm-hmm
he's okay
it's gonna be gone for the wedding he's
gonna be all healed up he's a trouper if
you know Patrick at all I feel like
you've broken every single bone in your
body pretty much yeah
so it was only inevitable that that
happens but besides the point I really
hope you guys enjoyed this wedding
series I kind of wanted to combine the
bachelor party and bridal shower because
it was happening the same weekend so I
thought it'd be kind of funny I know all
these at least lately the wedding series
have been kind of sappy and like
heartfelt and like just all of our
friends and family being so sweet and I
wanted to include it in the video
because I feel like a lot of the times
weddings can look very or be very
materialistic everyone talks about the
dress the flowers like the venue and
like all of that which is all great but
I think it's important because one thing
we've learned in this whole wedding
process is how much it actually brings
people together like our friends and
family and we're kind of overwhelmed
with the amount of love that we've
gotten just in this whole wedding
planning process and so I feel like it's
important to show you guys that you know
weddings aren't just about how much
money you can spend and all the glitz
and glamour that comes with a wedding
it's really about having everyone that
you love in the same room and it's just
we found that it's just really special
and we would not trade it the wedding
planning can be very stressful and it
kind of feels like a show but at the end
of the day I think the biggest thing
we've learned is like we would get
married every year if we could just over
friend exactly just to like be with our
friends and family it just feels really
good and really special so we're very
excited I hope you guys are really
loving the wedding series thank you so
much for watching bye
by
