[Music]
[Music]
what's up guys and welcome back to my
channel so today's video is going to be
a clothing haul and I haven't done a
clothing haul in quite a while because
I'm not gonna lie most of my focus this
past year was getting stuff for the
wedding that I wasn't exactly going out
and shopping for clothing a bunch so
that's why it's been a few months at
least since I've done a clothing haul
but I know you guys really love them so
I'm excited to show you guys some new
things that I got for this colder
weather season
super cute things so let's get started
so first we're gonna start off with some
fabletics pieces if you didn't know I'm
actually partnering with them for an
entire year which is pretty amazing to a
land a your sponsorship with such an
amazing brand I really do love them and
everything that they stand for so I have
some pieces that I'm gonna share with
you guys that are not only perfect for
you know athleisure and going to the gym
but also just some chill casual things
that are perfect for the season so of
course when you think of fabletics you
think of leggings which they have a ton
of these and specific are the Trinity
utility leggings and these actually sold
out when they first came out but they
are back in stock they have some awesome
features like zippers and pockets which
I absolutely love I also love the color
of these I just think it looks really
good it's like a muted mauve color super
super cute so besides the athletic wear
that I think a lot of people think of
when they think of fabletics
they have a lot of comfy casual travel
even just like lounging pieces that I
really wanted to share it in this haul
video first up we have some joggers
these are just like your classic black
sweat pants and you can't go wrong with
this I feel like during the holidays
you're traveling a lot at least I am I'm
traveling home and I have another couple
trips planned and these are just great
to just throw on go to the airport
besides that just lounging around in
some black soft pants like and then
another piece that I wanted to show you
guys is this which you can't really tell
exactly what it looks like on but it's
basically a onesie and this
is just perfect for the holidays it's
probably the only time that I really
think I would wear this is just because
I feel like the holiday season there's a
lot of times where you're just lounging
around the house and you're just
chilling and this is just perfect for it
it's so cozy it reminds me of like PJs
essentially and I just think this would
be good like Christmas morning or just
like lounging after dinner and then the
last thing from grab let X that I'm
going to show you guys is this white
puffer jacket and I definitely wanted to
feature this because it is probably one
of my favorite things I've ever gotten
from fabletics it is so comfortable and
I've just been wearing it a ton lately
it just feels like this fluffy blanket
that you're wearing it's so warm it's
just easy to throw on and I just think
white is such a I feel like you don't
buy a lot of white in the winter so it's
just a fun color to throw on it goes
with everything and I just absolutely
love it so if you want to check out any
of the fabletics items that I mentioned
I will have a link in the description
box for you guys to go check it out okay
next up we're going to talk about hmm so
hmm I have a love and hate with them
sometimes so I was hesitant to get some
sweaters from them this year because
I've had it once in the past that I
dislike but I found this one and it is
not itchy at all I will obviously have
this linked below but it is like this
taupe beige mixed knit and it's just
perfect I feel like this is like your
classic winter sweater
it's the turtleneck it's like a chunky
knit it's not super long either so it's
not gonna completely drown you when
you're taking your jacket on and off
things like that
very very cozy that word is gonna be
very much overused next up I wanted to
mention something a kind of basic and
simple but it's stuff that I really do
buy a lot of in the winter and that's
just like a basic light weight sweater
top like this white one I just think
this is very easy to just wear under
bigger jackets I find that one of the
most challenging things in the winter at
least when you're dressing yourself is
if you're going into like a bar or
restaurant at night and you don't want
to wear this like heavy heavy sweater
because most
time it's either packed where the heats
cranked up and you're just hot I don't
know if anyone can relate to that but
it's nice to have these like thin
sweaters to just like layer with like a
jacket and scarf and then when you get
in somewhere you can go check all of
that and then you're left with something
that's still not you're not gonna be
freezing but it's still form-fitting
cute and you're not dying of heat so I
wanted to show this it's pretty simple
you can find it basically anywhere but
ya wanted to mention it for sure next up
we have my heart and soul and that is
Reformation so I have two items here I
will start with the bigger item and that
is a jacket it looks like this basically
a peacoat style jacket with a faux fur
trim it's heavy duty it's thick it's
nice I needed a black jacket like this
something that's nicer but I can still
wear day to day and I found this on
Reformation and loved it however I will
say it is very expensive so I when I was
shopping in H&M I actually found one
that looked so similar to this that it
actually made me mad that I purchased
this instead of the H&M one so I guess
if you don't want to spend the money on
this Reformation one definitely go
the H&M route this is Reformation if you
didn't know as a sustainable clothing
brand so if you wanted to support
something like that you could definitely
go for the Reformation it's just hurts
the wallet whereas the H&M one is
definitely um cheaper so I will have
them both linked very very cute this is
just like a classic nice jacket
so I am really really excited about it
but I'm glad I was able to find a dupe
for something a little bit cheaper and
then the other thing that I got from
Reformation is a sweater it's this
emerald green one with this square
neckline it's not super bulky it's
definitely got a lot of weight to it
but it's not like a huge chunky sweater
so soft
the thing with Reformation sweaters that
I absolutely love is they are not itchy
at all at least the ones that I
purchased
and how it affects my skin I suppose
everybody has different tolerance levels
with sweaters but it is so nice to know
that this isn't gonna make my skin freak
out when I'm wearing it and it's just
super cute it's one of those nice
sweaters that I can wear with like a
bunch of jewelry do my hair nice and go
out with this but I could also wear it
day to day
so definitely love so I know you saw
this coming ASOS okay I only have
accessories from ASOS I do not buy
anything else from there just
accessories so I'm gonna share which I
share first let's share the boots so I
got a pair of boots which I absolutely
love they're these brown kind of croc
printed not printed croc croc brown
boots there are two different Browns
one's a little bit darker and then this
side bit is a little bit lighter super
super cute I don't know in any booties
like this they're pretty unique so I can
jazz up just like a sweater even with
something like this it just makes your
outfit look different you know it's not
just like a classic black bootie so I
definitely want to get my hands on these
sticking with the animal prints I'm
going to show you guys a belt this I was
really excited that I could find on ASOS
it is a cow printed belt which if you
haven't seen a cow print everywhere
these past two seasons I don't know
where you've been because I've been
seeing cow print everywhere be like
that's the new cheetah print and this
belt
I love specifically because of the belt
buckle you'll see it better in the Tryon
part but it just has this kind of like
vintage cut to it and I just think it
looks so good with like even a sweater
like this or a white top and then
layered again adding prints like this to
just like basic pieces which a lot of
the times you will find me in this time
of year because it's very easy adding
stuff like this is super easy and it
just makes your outfit look a lot better
and then last and risos is a scarf so I
got this scarf which it looks just like
a basestar but at the bottom it's kind
of like dip dyed one side is blue and
one side is orange how cool I love it I
just think it's very easy it still has
that neutral element where I can wear it
with a lot of things but then it's
really really fun with the colors on the
bottom which I think both are very
perfect for this season kind of fall
winter next up we have Zara and I think
these are my favorite things I found at
Zara they are shoes and I am so stoked
about these for a few reasons
well one because they're just you know
the booty thing but I love the lace up
on the front and then how it's this like
tan topi suede oh these are gonna not be
winter boots
obviously suede goodbye but it's still
not snowing in New York yet so I still
have some time plus these are just like
perfect I can wear these next year these
are just timeless boots they have
actually kind of a vintage feel to them
with the lace-ups that's a very old
style and I'm pretty pumped because I
saw shoes like this on Reformation last
year and I did not buy them and I really
wanted them and these are much more
affordable and they look pretty dang
similar another thing from Zara that I
got is actually a sweatshirt it looks
like this and it's pretty simple but I
have been loving this whole like faded
sweatshirt t-shirt look I just think I
like it worn you know where it looks
worn I don't like new crisp sweatshirts
I don't know I just think that this has
like a cool feel to it with like chunky
gold jewelry and necklaces I just think
this looks so cool plus it's one of
those pieces that I can just wear with
jeans on just like a chill day and it
looks really really good I will say
though I feel like this runs small from
your traditional like sweatshirts like
how you would want to wear them I feel
like this is supposed to be fitted I got
this sweatshirt in a large and you guys
can see how it fits me in the cutaway
but I was pretty surprised I was gonna
go for like a medium and then I'm glad I
went with the large because you know for
me at least
I want my sweatshirts to like give me
some room you know speaking of sweaters
we've got another sweater so this one
I really liked the color of I really
have been loving this like baby blue
color that I've been seeing a lot lately
this is a cardigan style sweater this is
great to just throw on over like a
bodysuit or something a little bit more
fitted it gives you the warmth but it
still just gives a different unique look
without just wearing a pullover sweater
which is kind of what I feel like gets
repetitive to see
and then last from Zara I have a dress
and I wanted to feature this because a
lot of these pieces are very everyday
and this one I think is perfect for like
a holiday party or something a little
bit nicer it looks like this
it kind of has this like drapey effect
but it has the satin burgundy color to
it that I just think is so pretty it
just screams holiday to me
I just really really love it and it's
gonna be perfect to wear to different
holiday events that I have and I have
two more things don't worry I'm almost
done so I wanted to mention these shoes
because I actually they're not crazy new
but I can still link them for you I'm
pretty sure they are Nike Air Force Ones
I'm sure there's like a specific style
number to them but I got these probably
a month or two ago and I've been getting
endless questions about them on my
Instagram and it's just certain YouTube
videos that you've seen them in they're
just like really really awesome to wear
I'm always buying new white sneakers
because I wear them so much and when
they get super dirty that it's like time
for me to get a new pair so um I have
been loving these these just go good
with everything I feel like these even
look good with like dresses casual kind
of dresses so yeah I love these I
originally got these off of for Urban
Outfitters and then last we have
something from revolve this is by the
brand LPA I absolutely love this brand
trying to figure out which way it goes
it is like this cardigan fitted style
sweater it's very very lightweight in
fact you can kind of see through it but
you will see you will see it on that I
absolutely love the style of it it's
very ruffly very feminine just good with
like a good pair of jeans I feel like
I've been saying that a lot but that's
what I need during this time of year
because otherwise stuff can just get
boring and I love the ruffle kind of
frilliness of it it just looks very
different and I actually saw this last
year and it sold out really quick and I
was so bummed so when I saw that it
restocked I was really really excited so
that's good to point out because if by
the time this goes out and this is sold
out they do restock which is good but
that is it for my clothing haul I really
hope you guys enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up again huge thank you to athletics for
sponsoring this video and yeah make sure
you guys follow me on Instagram you guys
can see all of these pieces get turned
into outfits on there um but yeah I hope
you guys are having a great day and I
will see you in my next video bye
