[Music]
hi friends and welcome back to my
channel so today's video as you tell
it's going to be a wedding series video
and I'm very excited about this I love
uploading these getting these out of the
way not because I don't enjoy them but
because for me it's like a checklist and
as soon as I upload one of these videos
it's like boom something else is planned
and out of the way and we're one step
closer to actually getting married so
for this video I didn't really know how
to go about it but I knew I wanted to
talk to you guys about the bridesmaid
dresses that I chose and then of course
I want to kind of give a little mini
intro to each of the girls because I
think that they're special and just as
special as Pat to me because they're
standing up there with us they support
us in our relationship every single day
and they're just the best people but
they're not the only people and I really
want to make that clear I've showed many
friends in my life and I don't want
certain people that are not up here to
make it seem like we're not friends
anymore if you guys get married or have
gotten married you know how bridesmaids
can kind of be tough to thick because
you want to just include everybody
that's meant so much in your life and
it's tough so I have a whopping 8 of
them and they are amazing one thing I
know I did want is I wanted the dresses
to not be super fancy over-the-top I
just wanted them to be kind of casual of
course gorgeous and I wanted them to fit
each of the girls the way that they
wanted to I wanted them to feel really
comfortable and pretty I feel as though
you guys could guess where I decided to
look first and I know a lot of people
usually go to bridal stores to look for
bridesmaid dresses but you're growing on
Reformation you guys know I absolutely
love Reformation I think that they have
the cutest clothes it's just the best
style and I feel like universally a lot
of people really like them
and like I said one of my big check
marks was I wanted the girls to feel
comfortable and after going on
Reformation they had so many different
styles of like the same color dress and
I knew I didn't want all the girls in
one style of dress just cuz everyone
feels different in different dresses and
I'm like I said I wanted
people to feel comfortable so I was like
Reformation it is so we're gonna start
off with the maid of honor of course and
it is Carrie you guys know and love her
she's been in pretty much all of my
wedding series videos and then of course
my vlogs
she's just been around for so long she's
such an amazing friend and I couldn't
think of anybody better to pick as my
maid of honor and not because she's just
really good at it she's just an
incredible friend in general and to me
she's like a sister so I just I didn't
even like think twice
so for Carrie when I spotted the Windsor
dress I knew right away that it was hers
because it just is Carrie in a dress she
wears a lot of tops that are similar to
that she loves flowy she has a larger
chest so a wrap style like this is gonna
be really really flattering and easy for
her to wear I think she'd just look
stunning and I can't wait to see her the
day of because she also I have major
hair Envy with her and she's just gonna
look incredible
moving on to Alexandra I don't think a
lot of you guys know who she is she has
not been on my channel a lot it's not
her favorite thing in the world to be on
camera I've known her since high school
and we were just inseparable and I mean
like we would get mistaken for each
other at work we were just never apart
we did everything together
she's one of those people that I could
go years without seeing and when we see
each other again it's like nothing
changed and I just really value people
like that I just think she has such a
genuine kind heart and I am lucky to
have met her for her dress I knew right
away just like carries that when I saw
the chamomile dress that was her dress
it just screams her in so many aspects
she's not a very over-the-top frilly
girl in the sense of how she dresses so
I knew this one she was just gonna feel
the most comfortable in and I showed it
to her and she was like I'm obsessed
with it so I got really lucky with that
that she liked it right off the bat
next up we have Christine and she's
another bridesmaid that I don't think a
lot of you guys know but I've known her
since sixth grade but we didn't get
close and he'll probably end up senior
year no like senior year and then mainly
College we decided to dorm together
freshman year in college and then we
moved in together and live together up
until I moved here with Pat she was
there when I met Patrick she was there
when I was getting ready for my first
date that she still jokes about with him
um and she was there through guys before
him she's been through it all with me
and she is just the sweetest kindest
person she's one of those friends which
I hope a lot of you guys have in your
life because you just want to protect
them they're so sweet always and they
just mean so well and they're just great
to have around Pat adores her she's
amazing for her dress she told me that
she really likes herself and
off-the-shoulder things which I get I
agree do you really liked the what is it
called the poppy dress and I think it's
perfect for her I think it's so cute it
has the off-the-shoulder element with
the draped sleeves but it does have the
spaghetti straps for a little added
support and then the dress itself is
just so beautiful so flattering I think
she looks amazing in it next up we have
Cara and I love Cara so Cara and I
recently have gotten super close she is
actually Kerry's friend from home and
she moved here a couple years ago and
ever since then we've been getting
closer and closer through the years and
I consider her a best best friend now I
think she is one of the coolest people
I've ever met she is such a light when
she walks in a room she just lights it
up
she's means her and she is just one
of those people that I really admire and
I love to have around Pat and I truly
truly enjoy her company her dress was
switched once only because reformation
added a few new dresses for the new
season and she was saying that she
really liked kind of like the lower V
style dresses so when I saw the Kalka
Lily khalili dress yes color Lee dress I
was like listen Kara you're gonna look
bangin in this dress you have to wear
this and she loved it I think she looks
amazing it's such a perfect style for
her I love that you can see her tattoos
moving on we have Christine
now christina has been around for a
minute I actually met her freshman year
in college we met at dance team tryouts
and she her and I have been through it I
love her so much she was actually the
one that encouraged me to start my
youtube channel I always say it was my
one of my roommates in college and
that's Christina she's the sweetest
person ever again she really truly loves
people and you feel it when you when you
know her like when she cares about you
you know she cares about you and it's
something that I really really love
about her she's wearing the butterfly
dress and if this isn't a Christina
dress I don't know what is it has the
ruffle off the shoulder sleeves again
she was another person that requested an
off-the-shoulder
and then it has the ruffle it's roughly
from the right word I don't know
bottom-2 it now we have Alex and Tomo
and you guys all know her if you've
watched any of my travel videos really
she I feel like I've known her for a
very long time longer than I
realistically have because when you
travel with someone listen you get to
know the ins and outs you know all of it
so I her Pat dan and I have gotten so
close we were in their wedding this last
October she's so kind so sweet and does
anything for anyone probably to a fault
girl you know what I'm talking about but
she is just the sweetest person ever and
if you are lucky enough to be your
friend
you will know it her dress I also knew
right off the bat was going to be the
verb an address and if this isn't an
Alex and Tomo dress I don't know what is
off-the-shoulder ruffles here she wears
tops like this like I feel like this is
her and she looks amazing in it she's so
cute now we have another Alex and I
don't think you guys know her super well
she's been in a few of few videos of
mine but I've known her for so long like
I don't even know probably middle school
alex is a Spitfire and I mean that in
the best way I think she is just not
your cookie cutter girl and I think
she's awesome I've always said that
about her I don't know what it is but we
just our personalities click on such a
different wavelength we are so sassy to
each other we call each other the
first names but in the most loving way
possible I feel like if you have a
friend out there you know what I mean by
that for Alex's dress when I saw the
peppermint dress I thought the ruffles
and the low view was gonna look amazing
on her body so I texted her it and she
was like yes I love it it's great in the
cotta Eclipse the dress that she is
wearing is a little too big so we
actually ended up getting a different
size so keep that in mind they also all
have to get them hemmed except for
Carrie except for the New York girls and
last but certainly not least we have
Julia so Julia we have known each other
for a while even before I moved to New
York because she was Kerry's roommate so
every time I would come up to New York
to for work and see Carrie I would see
Julia so we probably got the closest
over the past year year and a half I
knew for a fact we were gonna be like
slowly becoming friends just because our
personalities are that way we're kind of
like hard exteriors and then when you
get through you're like yes we mix we
mesh really well I would be so pissed if
I didn't get to know her the way I did
this past year and a half because having
her as a friend it's BOM and Pat and I
love her to death and we love hanging
out with her so love you too so Julia is
in the Ingrid dress and this one is
another one that I knew screamed at
Julia well I got hair my I knew she was
gonna love it mainly because of the
neckline the square neckline is very
much her
it's like tops that she usually wears
and then having the slit at the bottom
makes it a little bit more breathable
it's just a very cool classic simple
dress and to me that was like Julia's
dress so now that you've seen the
dresses and you know the girls that are
standing up there with me we are going
to New Orleans for my bachelorette party
and by the time you're seeing this I
will be on a plane and I will be on my
way there so make sure you follow me
along on Instagram just to see like the
photos and the snaps that we do or
Instagram storying but I am going to
vlog it so you will get a vlog in the
coming week the next week so yeah I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
I hope it wasn't too all over the place
I really never sit and just like blabber
on especially talking about how much I
love
my friends I hope this video wasn't
boring I hope it you know maybe just
inspires you to just hug your friends a
little bit more you know what it means
but yeah thank you so much for watching
and loving these wedding series videos I
really hope you're enjoying them so far
and I'll see you all in the next one bye
