[Music]
what's up guys welcome back to my
channel
today is a pretty rainy and gloomy day
so it's gonna be a slower start but I'm
taking it as an opportunity to get some
wedding stuff I have a lot of wedding
stuff to do today we're in like the
three month mark so all of the planning
is like speeding up also we are working
with Google this week so huge shout out
to Google for sponsoring this video
about a month ago Google sent Patrick
and I this Google pixel book and we've
been using it ever since we've been kind
of figuring it out playing with it and
we absolutely love it so you will see
that throughout this week how we
incorporate it into our lives and how
it's it's helping us a lot I'm actually
working on some stuff for our wedding
right now I am on Google slides and this
is super handy I am basically giving
like a full outline of our wedding just
because that really helps me understand
what I've planned so I don't get super
stressed out it also is great because my
mom is specifically loves to know all
the details and really wants to know
what I planned so far so this is great
because I've literally listed out like
venue contacts contacts web sites point
of contact for all the vendors
bridesmaids groomsmen what the wedding
party is wearing and where they're
getting everything from and then some
install boards some like mood boards
which is actually really awesome and
helpful for me because next week know in
a week and a half I am going home and
I'm going to meet my florist and hair
and makeup and I need to have some sort
of like in spell photo to show them
because honestly I don't know what the
heck I'm talking about when it comes to
flowers so I know what I like in my head
but to actually say that to her
it'd just be much easier to have like a
bunch of pictures to show her so that's
what I'm currently doing now along with
hair and makeup info photos so
[Music]
okay so our makeup I'm kind of thinking
I want to do something a little bit more
matte Brown slightly smoky I don't like
shimmer already so you stopped me so I
picked out these two images this one is
actually from the makeup artist that I
hired so that's great because you know
you couldn't give them photos of like
other people all you want but when it's
their work then they like know what they
did and I really like that look that she
did and then for hair I'm still
struggling I want to find one that's
more brunette because both of these
girls have blonde hair and I obviously
have brown hair so I want to give her
something that actually is brown hair
but this is type of the type of vibe I'm
going for very low messy updo but still
like not super uniform this is what I'm
thinking for florals I like a lot of the
white and then of course green any type
of green I'm pretty sure a lot of this
is eucalyptus my forest I'll know but
this way I can show her the different
types of arrangements that I really like
this is really pretty I think for a
bouquet I really want to do an aisle
walkway with flowers arch and then maybe
wine barrels would be really cool so I'm
going to show her those and then this is
the makeup so yeah I pretty much have a
lot of it done this is also something I
just added it's a photo booth I also
have this page here just for some decor
inspo to show my wedding planner since
they handle a lot of decor rentals this
is actually our venue so it's kind of
cool to see how other people have done
it in the past and stuff and stuff that
I really like so I've pretty much
everything laid out there so that's all
I'm gonna do for that now now that I
have those in sport inspo boards done
for next week I'm good on that so next
up is a wedding invite so we got them in
the mail and Pat and I have to put
stamps on them luckily they're already
addressed so we don't have to write them
all out but we have to get those some
stamped and then really gotta send those
out
[Music]
so today we're doing something a little
bit different and a little bit fun
I have never vlog this on my channel
before or even in general probably but a
few of us and I say a few but there's
like 15 of us I think are going camping
and I thought it would be really fun to
vlog I hope I get enough clips because a
lot of the people you're gonna see in
this part of the vlog you've probably
never seen before maybe a few of them
they're obviously her friends they just
haven't really been on our channel so
they invited Pat and I to go camping
overnight just one night
upstate New York so this should be
really fun I I'm excited to vlog it it's
gonna be a good time hopefully and
hopefully I don't get mean eaten alive
by mosquitoes but you know what honestly
I'm just going for the s'mores I love
camping I you guys know I'm from
Wisconsin Minnesota I've been camping
before this is not new to me but it's
been a minute so
[Music]
all right we got our tent oh yeah
everyone's setting up basically
professional Whiteface so much little
breading situation another breading
situation I did not braid my hair you've
got her braided
[Music]
you know heads closer together get your
heads together tell you once I don't
know anyone know this way going this
early and and McDaniels daddy
[Music]
[Music]
hey getting involved feel the judge I
feel a little bit of judge in your
stance right now
[Music]
okay good morning guys it's the next day
how'd you sleep oh it was good
found a few rocks but um star was really
pretty so that's awesome
yeah it was actually a really fun day we
basically hung out by the campsite all
day swimming in the river
yeah that was really fun and played
wiffle ball yeah we made food cook
s'mores so today we are gonna go we are
packing up our tent
we're gonna go tubing for a little bit I
won't be able to block that because I
can't bring my camera on the river and
then we're gonna head back to the city
you got me in the middle of my extremely
healthy morning routine smoothie it's
funny because every time I put the
camera on you I never know what you're
gonna say it's like a WoW it's like very
scared we're gonna shoot some content
for Instagram get a few outfits done I
laid out a bunch down here so that's
what we're gonna do today I'm gonna take
you guys along with hey Google what's
the weather like today in New York City
today it'll be sunny with a forecasted
high of 89 and a low of 71 okay I was
gonna show you guys the outfit here
instead of outside but this plant Gertie
is growing we recently
what a resale repotted repotted her and
she is blooming before we used to be
able to like be in the mir fine and have
the lease are getting so big
she's gonna outgrow this apartment real
quick I wanted to show you guys this
outfit it's kind of an all-white
situation I got white sneakers on I love
love love this top it's from 411 lemons
it has all these like 3d flowers on it
but the only thing that makes me so mad
about this stuff is this top I mean you
know it's for love and lemon so that
brand is so expensive and I absolutely
love it but there's no lining you think
that they would give you something
underneath for your boobs but no I love
shooting by these houses because it's
very not stereotypical New York and I
just think they're so pretty I think I
like this spot with my outfit has the
green
and then the brick
[Music]
my view
[Applause]
rowdy good three people so kindly sent
me this jacket and it's suede it's
really cute but it's probably the last
of the during the summer that I'll be
able to wear it's gonna get so hot but I
think it's really cute okay so I found a
spot that I thought would look good with
the yellow jacket there's the best thing
about New York in the springtime is all
the flowers start to bloom and
especially around people's brownstone
they have the best flowers like these
okay so we just finished shooting some
more Lucky's okay we got some lunch I
ran some quick errands just like basic
stuff I had to pick up boring stuff
didn't even really feel like vlogging
but I changed into a couple more outfits
we got those done I didn't shoot behind
the scenes for that because it's just
the same stuff that you've seen before
so now it's time to edit sometimes what
we like to do especially obviously we're
traveling we're not going to be in our
apartment but you guys know we work from
home so being in our apartment all day
is super annoying
so sometimes we go to coffee shops or
even just the park to edit so I know a
lot of you guys want to know how I edit
my Instagram photos and I wish I could
give you guys like a detailed version of
what I do but honestly I bought a do you
travel preset about a year ago and I've
tweeted ever since to fit like my skin
tone the environment that I'm in and
just kind of how I like it so it's kind
of its own preset now but I can't give
you the like I it's so random I could
show you guys on settings on when I'm
editing on my Google pixel book I can
show you guys kind of what it looks like
so you have a general idea if that helps
you so that's what I'm going to do now
I'm gonna go edit my photos and then I
plan it out and get it all ready for the
week that's what I'm gonna do
but that is it for my video today I
really hope you guys liked it if you did
be sure to give it a thumbs up also huge
shout out and thank you to Google picks
a book for sponsoring this video I
really hope you guys are loving all the
wedding stuff it was kind of at a
standstill for a minute but now it's
crunch time it's like the rhea sh months
away not even so a lot of stuff is
happening I'm so happy you guys are
loving the wedding series so far but
yeah thank you guys again for watching
and I'll see you all in my next video
bye
