[Music]
this is gonna be a really exciting vlog
it is my bachelorette party vlog as you
can tell by the title I am very excited
to blog this weekend it is going to be
so much fun to look back on this but
also to share with you guys there are 14
girls coming from all parts of my life
that mean a lot to me so it's a lot of
people but we're very excited we're
staying in this amazing Airbnb which I'm
gonna give you a tour of but we are in
New Orleans and I probably should have
mentioned that first Kari and I flew
here yesterday as you guys know Kerry's
my maid of honor so we flew into New
Orleans last night and we basically set
up so that's like getting all the rooms
ready getting the little gift bags ready
impossible got it Oh a few decorations
grocery shopping and just kind of
hanging out we went to a crawfish boil
last night for dinner which is one thing
that Kari really wanted to do in New
Orleans and since we couldn't fit it
into the weekend we thought we would do
it last night
but I'm going to show you guys this
Airbnb while I still have you here and
no one's here yet - Kari who's getting
ready because it is gorgeous and why not
I feel like I should just show it to you
okay so we have the kitchen the amazing
dining room table that'll fit all of us
over here we have the little living room
don't mind the balloons those fell last
night carry a nice decor you know but
we're making a cute little photo wall
bathrooms then when you walk over
towards the front there's another little
sitting room this place is huge we have
a couple girls bedrooms here Alexandra
and Corey and then
here we have Hannah but they're all kind
of connected so these are little day
beds which is a great idea from the host
because it just fits more people alright
so then we go upstairs okay
so let's go to our room first
so this is where Carrie and I are seeing
we already made it a mess are you peeing
holy [ __ ] okay I'll come back I'm
leaving that in okay so in here we have
Cara and Julia's room
super cute Hey and then let's see down
this hall let's go right first there's a
bathroom and then in here is Catherine
and Alex
Chantell Mose
and then in here we have make sure it's
focused alright and here we have Alex
okay Christine Christina and Jenny and
then if you keep walking in here there
is Kaitlyn and desi super cute and they
have a bathroom in there so they can't
kind of all share theirs miscarry that
is the Airbnb it is beautiful it fits
all 15 of us which is great
wait till you see the outside the house
is so cute on the outside as well but
yeah I guess I'll show you guys kind of
what we set up I should probably show
you what's in the gift bags because
those are really cute let me grab one
okay so I just grabbed Alexandra's but I
got these bags off of Etsy and she just
writes their names on them so I put
beads on it because obviously New
Orleans and then inside we have matching
PJ's so mine are white and then all the
girls have these blush PJs which are
from Cosabella and I'll show you guys
what those look like on we're all
wearing them tonight and then wigs so
some of the girls have like pink just
pink and purple and then some girls have
an added blue she hasn't added blue and
hers but we're wearing these on Saturday
night I have a white one and they all
have these multicolored ones I think
they're so cute so that's what's in them
Carrie and I just put these on all the
girls beds so they know where they're at
and then next everyone's at nightstands
we put these little hangover kits
because necessary I'll just give you
like a quick rundown of what's in them
okay so I got these little bags off of
Etsy again most everything that I got
for the Bachelorette is from Etsy so
inside of these we have to like
electrolyte powders we have liquid IB
and Pedialyte crucial advil to granola
bars and mini toothbrush and then of
course we just put them on water
you know necessities this is what Carrie
and I
kind of did last night it's a work in
progress
it will not stay we forgot tape so we're
just kind of making do but these
balloons we blew up all over it all by
ourselves so that was fun but we're
putting it up here and it looks really
cute like framed but she just won't stay
so we'll see if we get it later but we
tried and then I almost forgot to show
you this which again on Etsy shop tatah
to die believe which actually she is a
viewer so shout out to you she made
these little like Patrick face tattoos
they're so funny so eventually we're all
gonna wear those Kari and I are gonna do
before everyone gets here also its
Kara's birthday today she is on a plane
here now with Julia who else
Julianne Catherine so we are having a
little birthday night even though it is
my Bachelorette its Kara's birthday so
we got a cake we got candles and we're
gonna do tacos she offered to cook if
you guys don't know she bought is a bomb
chef that's what she does for a living
and she offered she loves it so we're
doing tacos let me show you guys let me
do a little grocery shopping last night
we look healthy you know it's gonna
combat our drinking and all Creole yes
exactly we got fruit veggies taco
ingredients YUM do you guys see that Oh
Jay does champagne ratio that's a proper
mimosa
okay yeah he's gonna do it really well I
know she's really showing me up right
now good job team and we'll talk to you
later so Kara made some amazing tacos so
we have steak we have chicken do you
wanna look different chicken yeah
we have chopping some cabbage cilantro I
mean I don't have a dream
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
hey so first day is over all of the
girls are here I did not vlog much
because everyone came and you know like
intro saying hi getting to know each
other
we've got Carrie and Kara Julia's in the
shower everyone also had my nose cut off
everyone else is kind of getting ready
for bed and we're kind of calling it an
early night but tonight we all changed
in the PJs
oops comp super comfy I had an
incredible day like I'm literally
incredible day so good tomorrow we have
a big day I'm gonna vlog the next two
days because that's where a lot of stuff
is plan today was technically a travel
day for a lot of people I see you see
you in the morning
[Laughter]
[Music]
so it is official a first day meaning
like the first full day for everyone
that got here yesterday of my
Bachelorette so we all got ready and got
cute I got a little veil on a lot it was
very you know bride Bachelorette but
today we're doing really fun things so
I'm excited to vlog this entire day it
is a beautiful day which is lucky
because we're gonna be outside most of
the day so what I thought would be a
really fun was to go on a trolley so I
found this company called Trinity
trolleys and we rented one of their red
trolleys to pick us up at our Airbnb and
take us around to some fun places so we
thought we would be mini tourists so we
wanted to go to the Garden District and
we wanted to see the cemetery which
sounds a little weird but it's very like
touristy thing to do in New Orleans
because it's very historic and so we
thought we would go there first drive
around the garden district and then head
over to the French Quarter but we
thought this would be a fun and
different way to kind of be tourists but
also have fun we're gonna bring drinks
it's gonna be a good time I'm like out
of breath right now because I was just
like I'm so excited I think but today's
gonna be a good day I'm really excited
to take you along so let's go downstairs
and see what everyone's up to how are
you hi guys walking all day today so you
better be ready camera ready especially
this one did she over camera right
what's your plan so far you know
but it's true like the first full day
before yesterday button asked me on
Sunday okay it's trying to ice me it's
gonna happen it will happen I'm really
nervous for it feel like I'm gonna like
bro
[Laughter]
[Applause]
this feeling all
I know but I know you wanted to see it
for you it is very pretty so we thought
that the American story
[Music]
[Applause]
spilling over me
[Music]
No
[Music]
[Music]
back when we were kids we did our way
you're not
it quits now hard way they leave script
up nice maybe someday tree is gonna make
some lemonade
[Music]
no worries got me
Oh
[Applause]
I got this feeling this feeling all
[Applause]
No
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
laughing hi okay so it's been a little
bit since you saw us on the trolley but
we quickly got ready
we're in I'm in white I can tell they're
in black and we are out to dinner we are
eating at the core of two sisters it's
gonna be good so I'm gonna block the
rest of the night we're going out
tonight so wish me luck on actually
pulling out my blog camera I'm really
hoping I can make it work but we'll see
be warned be warned it's just gonna be a
lot of Matt just drilling those Canadian
roads yeah what you've already seen so
far but like ten times worse because
we're going on Bourbon Street pretty
sure the last time they saw you guys is
on the trolley you are so much more put
together now let's leave the shop
creamed up first shall we
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay it is the last full day we went out
last night I don't know how those vlog
clips turned out but it was a lot of
dancing I don't think I can include any
of the actual music okay I got a show
that I got to share this story so we had
well first of all a really good time we
wouldn't do I don't think I mentioned
but we went to saints and sinners it's
like a Channing Tatum Bachelorette yes
bar and we planned that ahead of time
but they gave us beads because we got to
go out on the balcony so we were like
being really obnoxious and throwing
beads and like being very traditional
New Orleans and Julia has a funny story
so I'm gonna make her tell it but we saw
this guy you can tell them okay so we
were all out there throwing beads we
were like you know making people be dumb
and we saw this guy and most people were
just like really drunk and a mess but
you know then we spotted just like a
cute guy in the mix striped shirt and
we're like he kind of looks like Timothy
Xiaomei and a bunch of us were kind of
spotting that already but Julia already
noticed him and posted on her story like
Timothy Xiaomei is that you and then my
time goes by he's still standing there
with his friends and then she goes oh my
god he's taking pictures with fans
obviously it's not Timothy Shalini but
he looked like it with his friends yeah
then I was like okay well Carrie and
Julie are obsessed with Timothy Shalini
I don't like we got to get him up here
so I started chucking beads at him and
then everyone was like on the count of
three striped shirt because he's wearing
a striped shirt and I was kind of being
obnoxious and yelling Timmy at him yeah
we're all like come up come up well I
really wanted like my storage like how
basic but I really wanted to end my
story with a photo of us kissing because
I thought it'd be really funny because I
was like oh my god tell me things like
you know like huh so Alex enough Tim she
was like will you make it with my friend
for a dare
like a bachelor he was like that friend
Julie I was like yeah Julia and he's
like okay insert photo here okay quickly
before we leave to brunch I kind of
haven't been sharing where my outfits
are from on my Instagram I have but not
on my blog which is my bad I'm apologize
but this is what I'm wearing I actually
don't know what it's called is an
Australian brand but it's just this
white dry dress I will put the name of
the brand here or I will link it belt
bag because safety and also it's cute
and that's pretty much it wearing my
hair up like always because it's so
freakin hot and I sweat so much but you
know I did a little space buns today to
try to change it up we're all wearing
white sneakers because we ruined our
feet like wow do I huge are you
enhancing your cleavage I'm tanning it
you agree yeah this is Jenny's baby hi
Ben oh my God he's so cute
Oh baby oh good light for you
really pretty baby
when the taking day
[Music]
no way she cares but her friend
that's the way she looked
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
I'm gonna be such a good good girl I can
love me all through the night
[Music]
yeah
oh my god so good right
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay we're back from the French Quarter
and now we're playing Bachelorette games
courtesy of Kerry Murray I'm gonna you
pick them yeah we got to read about them
I hope they're not lame but they're
gonna be real we're making I'm drinking
games so they're not electric normally
is gonna be good yeah I do you guys want
to say hi hi okay so this is the first
game and I don't think I'm gonna have to
take a shot which I'm really excited
whoever has the most points at the end
of it has to take a shot and I think
it's going to be Caitlin 64 is my total
49 49 really it'll be a 49 yeah how a
video of myself
a photo of the bride a contact name
starts with the letter Z a facebook app
Instagram Pinterest a photo of the
shower my alarm is before 8:00 my
battery life is that 95% right now I'm
the Starbucks card more than 500
pictures of thing like that
and it's sexy oh sorry
whoa whoa didn't even flinch ideal Imola
if you've done it you take a drink
oh don't write down your name and write
it a memory personal enter a between you
and the bride speed it will be read
aloud by her and she will try to guess
who you are whoa
drink losing our [ __ ] over burning
ex-boyfriends things for being we are
New Jersey
[Laughter]
[Music]
I carry I'm gonna have to save the tears
for the wedding
game is over I'm done crying changes no
way I'm gonna show you guys everyone's
way like an alter ego named I like it
you look for sokka's it's like you like
it
the blue okay baby
are you for real sunburn turn around
near sunburn Oh Caitlyn without a
sunburn
[Music]
so I'm wearing a white wig and the rest
of the girls are wearing these like
cotton candy you will see they're like
cotton candy pink purple blue wigs I got
them all off of Etsy desi did my eye
shadow you guys know I never wear pink
eye shadow
so this is new for me but I got this
dress on let me show you a so it matches
the girls so I found this dress from LPA
hombres
it's like yellow blue pink got my white
wig cuz you know bride Carrie got me
this bride headband
walk to remember butterfly okay I got
low on it butterfly Wow Patrick
[Music]
the things I do for
[Laughter]
hey my friend
[Music]
money like I just got paid
hundred-dollar bill Salim keep changed
pop a bottle bout to make a ring let me
give you something now to celebrate and
if you wondering why I move the way I do
I just feel so good
[Music]
[Music]
see the world to my fists or shades
color lenses and a fake go free
clean arms on a [ __ ] top simply a
picture like a superstar
I do
[Music]
I just feel so good
jiaying necessity is
[Music]
