[Music]
[Music]
so as you can tell this travel video
travel blog whatever you want to call it
is going to be in Joshua Tree which is
in California I'm very excited because
I've never been here before but I've
always wanted to go we are here with
Alex and Dan and then of course Pat but
you guys knew that but basically this
year we decided to skip Coachella not
because we're too cool or anything but
we've been there for four years and or
we've gone for four years and we thought
that this year we would do something a
little bit more relaxing a little bit
different still getting that whole like
desert feel but on a way more like
relaxing chill vibe that make sense this
is one of those vlogs that I actually
have no idea how it's gonna go normally
when we travel we have like planned
itineraries and we have like places to
see and places to go but like Joshua
Tree is very chill like there's not a
lot to we're obviously in a national
park so we're gonna explore that our
Airbnb is super super cute but it's
definitely meant for more of a escape
relaxation getaway but I'm excited to
show you how beautiful it is here and
then of course give you guys some tips
if you decided decide to come here but
like I said we are staying in an air B&B
I think the air B&B is like one of the
only ways to travel in my opinion but
also especially for here I find that
you're just kind of immersed into it and
it's just a little bit more authentic
what are we doing today
well we're filming shooting photos I
brought a big Polaroid because pretty
cool
we're gonna cook tacos tonight what
Dan's gonna grill grill out it's gonna
be really fun we're gonna play some
games hang out I'm gonna I got to think
of something to vlog bring this trip cuz
it's just I want to just lay and like
relax
[Music]
what's your eat-in someone left a little
copy of Catcher in the Rye and some hope
they're in education across
[Music]
so we just finished shooting some photos
it's very windy today but it's sunny so
that helps at least we shot I think my
favorite one is this yellow dress really
cool we did one by like a clothesline it
was really windy and the dress is really
flowy so we worked with it hi Alec it
makes your eyes look huge
you look like Harry Potter Harry plopper
Harry Potter I'm cooking a little bit of
ham eggs some salsa on the top I'm gonna
cheese a little bit of tequila
[Music]
we have moved to the beautiful outside
the wind died down a little bit
pets in the outdoor tub drinking a
corona living his best life dan made
some yummy looking steak tacos or very
excited to eat what is this so that's a
homemade pickled slaw YUM
red cabbage red onion so I'm gonna make
my taco we're gonna eat outside while
the Sun sets so it is day going to the
saloon we are going to this place called
pioneer town it's near Joshua Tree we
spent most of the morning and just kind
of like hanging out doing what we did
yesterday so not much variation there
but we thought we would go explore this
place because a lot of our friends told
us to check it out because there's also
this place called Pappy and Harriet's
which is like a saloon bar and grill
they have live music so we're really
excited about that because it should be
really fun but this pioneer town is like
an old western-style town so it should
be really fun we're gonna get some cool
photos also I should probably mention we
rented a jeep because it is about three
hours outside of La maybe a little less
without the Coachella traffic but it's
super handy and it's also very perfect
for the location that we're in
[Music]
we just made it to pioneer town super
super cute we're basically walking
through the whole town they have like
little gift shops and little cool like
museums it's more than I thought it was
I thought it was literally just like
abandoned buildings that was used for a
movie set but it's actually really cool
and people have shops here so that's
awesome
they have mood rings and I have not seen
a mood ring in a minute mines is blue
which is relaxed true
alright Alex I do want me to put it on
you it's gonna be like red green or
which green is it there's a clove or on
it's like a teal like a green blue which
is normal do you believe in mood rings
blue like it's really blue look at mine
compared to his blue mine's realized Sam
why is my damn relax with Amir damn
really yeah but look at our difference
Oh yours is like more dark you're closer
to calm your mood changes my finger uses
green which is your normal or mixed
emotions that could be mixed in my
fashion I'm oh yeah that looks like
passion joy honest oh look you're sweet
you're sweet but a psycho oh very happy
really happy yes you're wild this is
magnetic it's like a pattern around it
[Music]
let's try it with this guy cuz they all
do different things
[Music]
it's hard to get it all off the excuse
sticking to it right only that's a
smaller one oh yeah put it in light TV
that's crazy
[Music]
Pat well I love it too but Pat loves
pottery so we just bought this to bring
home with us there's been a murder
[Music]
Instagram husband hard at work we love
him you look great
Hey
[Music]
we are packing up our Jeep we are going
to the National Park today should be
really nice it's a beautiful day we
thought it would be crazy to come to
Joshua Tree and not go to the National
Park we are really close to it but some
of the landmarks that we want to see are
about 45 minutes to an hour away from
where we're staying because the National
Park is huge but luckily we got this
Jeep we're gonna probably put the top
down somewhat and go in a little road
trip we got blankets we got snacks it's
gonna be fun
[Music]
first up in the National Park is the
cactus garden this is insane I only saw
one photo before come here and cactuses
everywhere
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
this is the only spot I had mapped out
but we got a map when we entered the
park which is $30 for a car and if
you're walking into the scene dollars
person but we got a map so we're gonna
find another cool spot after this all
right so we got our handy-dandy
National Park map because also what do
we not have you don't have cell service
need a GPS it went black but they get it
we started out 92 and we took the 29
poems exit to the north entrance and we
drove from here down to the Cholla
cactus garden
[Music]
next stop on the national park Valley
which is so awesome
very different from cactus farm we're at
we're now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
stunning stunning highly recommended
open it open it open it squeeze the side
of those
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is our last day or last
we're leaving Joshua Tree what am I
saying I am really bummed about it
because we had a really good time it was
so relaxing so nice but actually more
importantly Pat and I kind of like feel
recharged if that makes sense
and I know that sounds really like
cliche and dumb but we're not used to
going on trips where we don't have like
touristy things to do so we had a lot of
time to just kind of like hone in on our
skills more so Pat with his photos we
got some amazing photos here and it was
just really fun to kind of like try new
things do things different with cameras
and kind of have fun with it and be more
creative and not look at it so much like
a job and more fun so I'm excited about
that but we are not leaving yet we are
dance dancing in the background we are
driving to the poppy fields which we
wanted to go check out we're kind of on
this nature kick with the National Park
so we thought on our way back to LA
because we have a night in LA before we
go back to New York we thought we would
check out the poppy fields because they
look we're really pretty and we can kind
of detour from the Coachella traffic so
it's perfect the road again only lyrics
I know from that song at the moment now
[Music]
definitely not good I know there's a lot
of them so doesn't feel like damage but
they have the trails there and it's
really easy to get beautiful
[Music]
