[Music]
so it's been a few weeks since I
uploaded a video thank you guys so much
for being patient with me
I totally underestimated this wedding
planning process I feel like I was
riding this like easy wave for a while
and the last month and a half two months
hit and I've just been bombarded with
wedding stuff to catch you up to speed
what we've been up to and what we've
been doing for wedding stuff Pat and I
got our wedding bands
we've had our premarital meeting with
our pastor we are wrangling up the
groomsmen to get their suits and get
fitted for all of that I had my first
dress fitting which was crazy because I
have not tried on my dress
since November so I was really nervous
but it went well
yeah but I like this because it's not
super bright green you know what I mean
like it's like kind of faded and like
muses yeah I like that
peonies are my favorite but they they
like how they lasted two seconds they're
so perfect yeah no not good but these
are very deep you guys look at this
plant it's like a mini pineapple I'm so
cute he would put this on as a suit he's
like good to go I could I mean that'd be
funny actually these are literally the
color of the bridesmaid dresses they are
so pretty I love them these Emily were
saying we're like classic farm flowers
just cuz they kind of look like what
actually grows and I think they're super
super pretty
and then for the bride needs hair this
is kind of different from baby's breath
but it has a similar look and I think it
looks really really cute
so that's another option yeah I like
these yeah fireplace aisle and then the
[Music]
art but yes yeah number in the middle
okay yeah I like that or if you do like
through the whole we've started making a
playlist for the songs that Pat and I
want to dance to stuff I want to dance
too with my dad walking down the aisle
songs prepping all of that getting all
the RSVPs and getting the seating chart
so hurted so we can give final guest
counts to the caterer and the Baker so
yeah it's just been kind of a whirlwind
of getting stuff together but we are
officially like a month away by the time
you see this like a month and like a
week so I'm getting very very excited so
yeah that's what I've been doing that's
what I've been up to I've totally been
distracted so I haven't been in like a
creative mindset of trying to figure out
what I want to film and videos I've just
been very in this like wedding mode Pat
and I are actually going back to
Minnesota once more before the actual
wedding I have my hair and makeup trial
which I'm going to film for you guys but
this weekend I thought it would be
really fun to vlog we're actually in the
Hamptons which we never do because the
Hamptons is well first of all it's very
hard to find an Airbnb that isn't
outrageously expensive I've only been
here once before and it was for a trip
with revolve so this time around we
decided to get an Airbnb we are with
Alex and Dan Carrie Julia my friend
Alexandra you guys have seen her in a
couple of the wedding videos she's one
of the bridesmaids she's in town she
wanted to get her dress altered and then
she decided to stay for the weekend and
then our friend Louie and also which is
really awesome Kara if you guys know or
on my Instagram I feel like we've
mentioned I don't know if I've ever
mentioned in a video but Kara and Josh
they
up here cooking for the summer they both
are professional chefs so they've been
living in the Hamptons all summer and
we've been trying to figure out a way to
get up here so we could see Cara so she
will pop in every now and again which is
going to be really fun Pat just me some
of the crew went to go grocery shopping
and then Kerry and Louie will be here
later after work so I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and thanks for bearing
with me
I am very overwhelmed to say the least
with the wedding stuff so I'm glad you
guys haven't been hounding me too much
so love you for that the whole point of
the game is for the werewolves to eat
all the villagers for the villagers to
vote out the two werewolves know they
can only vote them out no one no one
knows what each other is you only know
what you are we made breakfast well Dan
made breakfast
the remnants we'll go see the other
people good morning Julia hi Alexandra a
little oz man Joey was the best today we
are hanging out by the pool which is in
our Airbnb which is so nice it's such a
nice day we've got okay but we are gonna
listen to music soon I'll hang out I
think Alex and Dan are blowing up big
pool floaties which is gonna be really
fun
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Music]
so in sazelin that we changed out of our
swimsuits and we are barbecuing this
evening Karen Josh are coming tonight
which is gonna be really fun we're gonna
play games wait Julie is on solid duty
always mm-hmm
Alex with the bun yeah what are you
doing task
you know I'm breaking cheese for the
cheeseburger
and all that why you curious just do
that for now because I haven't gone to
them you good job - oh my god she's so
beautiful
[Laughter]
[Music]
welcome to the barbecue okay you owe me
will you get my earrings from the bottom
of the ocean
[Music]
oh good morning guys we woke up and
checked out of our Airbnb it is Sunday
so before getting on the train to go
home we are at Coopers Beach so nice I'm
gonna show you guys our little setup we
were injured umbrellas this is the crew
here right now hi guys so nice
[Music]
[Music]
so today it's the 4th of July and I
thought it would be a really good idea
to vlog I don't think I've ever vlog a
4th of July we do something different
every single year this year we are in
New York or in Brooklyn and we are at
our friend Louise house I'm here Louise
here new people rooftop pizza drinks
Oh Louie I was just talking about you do
you want to say hi to my vlog officially
hi so come down Foley
so the funniest thing is we're spending
4th of July with someone that is from
England I'm trying my best to be right
he looks great right is blue right so I
just wanted to inch you to introduce you
to the vlog Louie hi Carrie
happy fourth of July just started
looking making content we've had so many
popping champagne montages it doesn't
get
[Music]
[Music]
blue eyes smoking don't worry - yeah
guys come [ __ ] so I'm gonna play now
carry camera 4th of July it's really
awesome I just made some nachos we're
gonna make some pizza and mimosas we
have a lot of drinks Pat made of the
cost a whopping call it a walk or jungle
juice what do you call it a Betty a
Betsy and we're having a great old 4th
of July let's see what everyone else is
doing
look at these two handsome guys come on
fourth of July
it's a Brit in America everyone else
[Music]
hello Kerry came there there she is I
hope you keep all this in its great
content like feeds avoid protect your
skin kids we just aquamarine this shirt
so you just take a long-sleeve white
button-up use it hide around here you
tie it in the center to create like a
knot in like a center then we just tuck
it in around and it becomes a nice
bandeau top you can also get an
Abercrombie & Fitch if you want but you
can make it yourself
aquamarine calm please
come on now if you lived your childhood
the new watch aquamarine and you know
she makes you know she makes a top out
of it oversized turquoise blue long
sleeve fashion hey so or aquamarine calm
raspberry into Tessa's mouth here we go
alright ready three two one
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
