[Music]
hi guys welcome back to my channel so as
you can tell today's video is going to
be a spring styling video I'm showing
you all four outfits that I think are
super cute for the springtime and now
that it's getting warmer this video is
in collaboration with Lulu's which I'm
really pumped about you guys know I've
been working with them for years but
during the spring and summer they just
really shine they have some of the
cutest stuff so everything you're gonna
be seeing in this video is from Lulu's
but I really hope you guys enjoy it and
get some fashion inspiration like always
but let's go ahead and get into the
video
okay so outfit number one is a very
classic spring outfit so I thought I
would som start off with something
that's pretty stereotypical which is the
floral skirt floral is everywhere for
the springtime but especially this year
lavender the color lavender is
everywhere I love it I think it's very
very cute so for the skirt I paired this
with just a brown or kind of like a rust
colored tank top I also love pairing
these skirts which is basic white tees
they're so easy to style and they're so
comfy and then for the shoes I thought
these are really fun this is also a huge
trend for the springtime and they're
like the invisible or like clear heels
these ones are super comfy because they
have the block heel so they're super
easy to walk in and I also just think
they elongate the leg and make
everything look a really good so
definitely give those a try because
they're new for me as well and then over
it just because it's springtime still I
have a denim jacket which are is just
like a staple in the springtime outfit
number two is a great transitional look
because it involves some pieces that you
were probably wearing in the late winter
like black booties and denim jeans so
for my black booties I can't give them
up they're my favorite and I wear them
pretty much all year round plus I live
in New York and they just like never go
out of season those are from tony bianco
I wore those with just some light wash
denim jeans and then for my top which I
absolutely am obsessed with it's like
this lavender color again it has this
lace detailing or fabric to it and then
the buttons are so pretty so feminine I
just think it's so flattering and I
absolutely love it and then with
I obviously wore a bunch of gold jewelry
because it's my favorite and then for
kind of a unique touch and a tie in the
black booties I wore a black padded
headband from Urban Outfitters I had to
include outfit number three because it
wouldn't be spring without some sort of
a dress so this one I think is so pretty
so feminine I absolutely loved it and I
wanted to pick something that was
somewhat simple but had some elements to
it that you could totally jazz up so
this one is kind of like this floral
lace detailing I love the ruffle at the
end I just think it's really cute I
would probably style this with like a
red lip and a denim jacket while it is
still spring out before I love because
it's not your stereotypical floral
spring outfit it's perfect if you want
something a little bit edgier or you're
just not into florals as much I love
this too if it's perfect for New York
it's just such a vibe so the top is an
animal printed top this material is
great for this time of year it's very
Airy flowy it's very trendy it's like
that satiny material so it's perfect
with the weather getting a little bit
warmer so I checked that into a denim
skirt which this denim skirt is really
cool I love how it looks a little bit
different and it's not your classic
denim skirt it has a different kind of
cut and button front to it mine's a
little bit big I would have size down as
you can kind of tell but definitely get
your hands on something like this I'm
seeing it all over especially in denim
and then lastly I just wear my black
booties to tie it it tie in the black
from the top but that's my video for
today I really hope you guys enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up let me know in the comments below
which outfit was your favorite thank you
again to Lulu's for partnering with me
on this video and I yeah we'll see you
guys next time bye
