you a ho what's up guys welcome back to
my channel so today's video I'm sure you
guys have never seen it hasn't been all
over your recommended and no youtubers
have done it no but in all seriousness I
had to jump on this bandwagon of this
tag trend whatever you want to call it
of people assume stuff about me or my
Instagram followers so I asked you guys
on Instagram to assume whatever you
wanted essentially judge roast me
whatever and I'm going to react to them
/ answer them / set the record straight
in this video I peaked at a few of them
because I wanted to gather the ones that
were most commonly assumed and a lot of
you guys got a lot of things right and
then a lot of things wrong but I was
surprised at some of the things you guys
assumed about me so this should be fun
you're shy you're more of an introvert
you are super shy but I feel like it's
very obvious to tell that I'm a shy
person in my videos and I feel like I've
mentioned it before if you've been with
me for a very long time you can see my
progression of shyness if you go back
into my videos and very soft-spoken and
very quiet and like yeah and now I'm I
feel like I'm much more comfortable in
front of the camera but camera or not
the new people I am very very shy but
definitely if I'm with my friends I'm
not try at all it just depends when you
get to know me well you've never had
body image issues you don't have body
issues
you were always self-confident those
sorts of things so that is not true I
definitely have and still have body
image issues but more so probably when I
was younger so a little bit of a
backstory I mean I started YouTube when
I was like 19 or 20 so you guys saw me
when I was out of high school already
and I was in college but when I was a
lot younger I was very very petite and I
mean teeny tiny undeveloped very
young-looking person so I was just so
tiny and I never really thought anything
of it and
my freshman year of high school because
of this one thing that happened I was
excited because I like had a crush and I
was like oh my god I really like this
boy and I have a really good guy friend
who he's still one of my good friends to
this day but he was kind of like in with
that group of guys and I remember
telling him like oh I have a crush on
this guy and he was like oh let me like
find out if he's into you type of thing
or like whatever so I was like okay and
I remember him coming back and he was
like just straight-up honest and it's
not like he was trying to hurt my
feelings I don't think he thought it
would but it did but basically all the
guys pretty much in my grade we're
basically saying like Tess is too small
we'll probably like her senior year when
she fills out because she's like too
little and I remember being like
heartbroken because as a freshman first
of all senior year feels like forever
away and I remember that moment I looked
at my body and I hated it all I wanted I
wanted boobs I wanted to be like curvy I
wanted to feel like a girl that like
guys were attracted to essentially
because freshman year I was told that I
wasn't good enough my body wasn't good
enough and I was too small and guys
wouldn't like me until that changed
which is horrible but I remember feeling
so shitty and that was probably the
worst and I remember to trying
everything to gain weight and it was
just a nightmare when you were a teen
you really liked to party
false this is a funny story that my
friend Alexandra and I could tell you we
were very much against drinking in high
school we wanted nothing to do with it
probably until like later later like
pretty much high school graduation is
when we went to like an actual party
with alcohol and yeah we were just like
this is not our scene you are the mom of
your friend group and this is not true
with my female friend group but with
Pats male friends I
definitely am I actually lived with
three guys in college one of them being
Pat I moved in with him and his two guy
roommates when all my friends moved out
and I needed a place to live before we
moved to New York and I developed the
nickname mom really really quick I was
just kind of like the mom of the
household I was older and I'd always be
like cooking dinner and like making sure
they weren't like too crazy and like
making sure everyone was okay so yeah
it's kind of an ongoing joke to this day
that even some of Pat's friends from
Minnesota still called me mom a lot of
you guys are assuming that I was popular
in high school somebody even said you're
a popular kind of
no offense girl in high school which I
find so funny because definitely not I
mean I just got talent' done telling you
that long story of me in freshman year
but hear me out so I have seen a couple
of these videos where people say they
don't really have popular kids and I
feel like that's not entirely true I
feel like every high school has maybe
you have the stereotypical popular girls
that like bully people or popular guys
that bully people but we definitely had
like a group of kids that you just knew
were like the popular crowd they hung
out with always like the older grades
and they were going to the parties and
things like that
I was definitely definitely not an
outcast but thinking about that group I
was not friends with that group in fact
it was actually funny because how I met
my really really good friend to this day
but best friend in high school Alexandra
who she's in my wedding party I'm she's
one of my bridesmaids you guys will meet
her but I actually met her because I was
eating lunch in the hallway my freshman
year freshman year was rough for me day
but um yeah I was eating lunch in the
hallway and it sounds so cliche
sorry there's a siren and a lot of hats
and my friend Alexandra dropped her
earring and it fell on in the hallway
and it literally fell by me and I
grabbed it and I was like oh your
earring and she's like if you know
Alexander she's just like oh thanks
she's just like the nicest person ever
and she was like do you want to come
stay with us we're gonna go eat and I
was like okay and then those three girls
that she was walking with so it was my
really good friend Alexandra Hannah and
Korey and then we were just like
inseparable the rest of high school you
come from a wealthy family you grew up
rich you come from a rich family
you grew up rich okay no so we were
definitely I guess if you were going to
go buy a class system we were
middle-class both of my parents are
government employees or well my dad's
retired now my mom is a sixth grade
teacher I know actually some of you guys
the only wars had my mom as a teacher
which I find really funny ice I see
those comments where you comment her
name but yeah that's her job and my dad
now is a school bus driver like the
coolest school bus driver ever but you
guys can do the math on that type of
income level we definitely weren't like
when I grew up when I was growing up we
definitely I didn't know like I didn't
we didn't not have things but we weren't
like a wealthy wealthy family in fact
it's kind of funny because another one
of these assumptions is you always work
for the things you have and your parents
didn't spoil spoiled you which is
absolutely true I as soon as I turned 16
literally my mom she's probably gonna
text me after seeing this video and like
try to fight it but on my 16th birthday
my mom's like you have to go apply for
jobs so I worked at TGI Fridays as a
hostess and then I worked at Outback
Steakhouse and then I worked at a golf
course and I worked to like I was a
server at like weddings and I was
working on the Bev card I was bartender
so yeah I worked from the day I could
legally work and what's crazy sorry some
honking
if you guys have been watching me for a
while I don't do them too much anymore
because I like experimenting with my own
style but a lot of the reason why I even
became popular on YouTube was for my get
the local videos I did a lot of look for
less and that's why I even I guess would
consider being good at them because I my
parents wouldn't just like go up and buy
me new clothes like that like I had to
almost like come up with it on my own
like I remember watching High School
Musical and I love to Gabriella Montez
his outfit and I was like I'd run
upstairs and I'd go in my closet and
literally tried to try to like compile
an outfit that looked similar and I was
like boom you have a perfect
relationship you and Pat never fight so
this is definitely not true it actually
kind of blows my mind a little bit that
people would I don't know how serious of
assuming they were but that we actually
wouldn't fight I know that everything
kind of looks perfect on social media
it's one of the worst things about
social media is that it definitely is a
highlight reel but at the same time I'm
not going to post a vlog of us fighting
but I think it's safe to say that almost
every couple fights and it would be
crazy if you didn't because in my
opinion fighting and arguing usually
ends with Pat and I becoming a lot
closer we've been together for over six
years and if we didn't argue or speak up
when something was wrong and argue about
it or fight about it we wouldn't really
know each other to our core and like
probably when it lasts as long because
you don't learn like what makes people
tick how like each other's limits like
what's going on in their head and if no
one's voicing that and you're not
arguing and butting heads a little bit
because Pat and I are very opposite
personalities I just feel like you
wouldn't learn as much about that person
and grow even closer so yes we
definitely fight but we're still going
strong Pat was your only boyfriend and I
thought that was interesting because
what's crazy is I've been on YouTube for
about seven years and I've been with Pat
for a little over six so you guys have
literally seen me with one guy online
which is crazy because a lot of people I
know and
I've had different boyfriend's online
because it's their life and that's what
happens but he definitely wasn't my only
boyfriend he is my only serious serious
relationship
I mean I'm marrying the guy and I've
never come close to that with anybody
else
you don't like making YouTube videos
anymore okay this is not true first of
all I I've been on YouTube for a really
really long time and I have had my ups
and downs with YouTube as I feel like a
lot of people do with YouTube and a lot
of people do in their own jobs and
careers regular jobs not YouTube jobs I
feel like I've never really voiced
certain frustrations that I have with
the creative process of YouTube before
because I don't want to be another one
of the youtubers that comes on and like
complains about YouTube because if I'm
all honest like we have the best jobs
ever we have so many things that we get
to accomplish and do because of this job
and to sit and like complain about it is
something I could never get myself to do
because literally all of my close
friends have normal jobs and like real
freakin shitty things in her real jobs
that I have never experienced as a
youtuber and I I mean I get to make my
own schedule and I get to be creative in
all aspects and it's awesome okay but
it's also okay for me to be frustrated
at some time at it sometimes and be in a
creative rut and I've never taken a
break from YouTube since I started I
think this last year I went through a
lot mentally that I never really voiced
online because I just I'm not the type
of person to go online and like have a
have a breakdown I don't even do that
with my friends it takes a lot for me to
do that back to the whole shy
introverted thing so the closest I've
ever come to taking a break is like not
uploading a week or going two weeks
without a video this past year and that
would
the closest I've come and so I think
when that happens people might assume
that I don't like it anymore but I
actually do what cuz I really I find the
most joy in in making videos like my
travel diaries the wedding series is fun
for me just for personal reasons really
well shot look books and lately I've
been in this rut where I feel the most
excited about YouTube when I'm traveling
which is probably why you've seen a lot
of travel videos from me this year or
this past year both Pat and I love it
but it's also our livelihood income so
it's nice for us to separate that
sometimes to save certain parts of our
relationship or friendships with people
but I still love making YouTube videos
don't think I'm going anywhere anytime
soon I'm perfectly happy with the way
that every video I upload I'm stoked
about so you don't get along with a lot
of youtubers okay
so this is not true as far as get along
with I don't have a lot of youtuber
friends but I think it's pretty obvious
I have Alex you guys see Alex and Dan
they both obviously do YouTube but I
live in New York there's not like a ton
of youtubers out here but also back to
the whole like keeping my work life
separate I actually enjoy having friends
that don't do YouTube and that's not me
being like I don't want any youtube
friends it's just that's kind of how
it's worked out for so many years I like
being able to separate the two it keeps
me sane
like truly and I think it's it's good
that way I don't know I like it
but - there's definitely people online
on this platform that I love I really
really every time we're at events I
gravitate towards them
to name a few that are great girls that
you should continue supporting if you
are are Lauren laurdiy and Adeline Morin
they're always been the nicest sweetest
people to me ever and I like I said I
don't know a lot of youtubers and
they're just so kind but I've also met a
ton more that are amazing and then I've
also
a few really not so nice ones but most
of these tubers I met are amazing it's
just that they're all in LA you seem to
be a very observant person yes I am I'm
very observant I back to the shy
introverted thing I love being a fly on
the wall I love just like listening and
observing to people and just kind of
being quiet for the most part especially
in new situations I'm a very observant
person and I like to know my
surroundings you are really stubborn and
when you get into fights you can be a
real okay this is really funny
because it's very true I feel like I can
be shy and introverted to a certain
extent but if you cross my friends you
cross my mouth Beyonce like don't
because I will and a lot of my friends
can attest for this I am shy but I have
an alter ego sometimes it likes to just
pop out and she can be a and it's
really funny it's rare and I pick and
choose my battles but I can I have many
many stories from college and now that I
could tell you maybe I'll do like a
mukbang or something before this video
gets too long I wanted to end on a
really like positive note because a lot
of you guys as you can see on the screen
here said the most amazing nice things
and made me feel so good so it's just
cool to see that you're writing that
about me when you've never actually met
me most of you guys haven't met me I
know I met a lot of you but you might
not have even met me before and you're
writing such sweet things and that makes
me assume that you guys are really cool
nice people that I would probably hang
with so that made me feel really good
and I wanted to kind of say that I'm
really lucky and you guys are really
awesome and not to get all sappy but I'm
really just thankful for some really
cool viewers that have stuck by me
through a lot of stuff you all are super
awesome and I thank you guys so much and
if you're new make sure you stick around
yeah that's basically it I really hope
you guys liked it I had a lot of fun
filming it so yeah thank you guys so
much
and I will see you all in my next video
bye
