so as you can tell we are in a car and
we're never in a car we are back home we
are in Minnesota we've been here for
about a week we're doing some major
wedding planning at it as it is coming
down to crunch time I am with pop hat in
a video that's not a blog so that means
we are gonna film a Q a mukbang for you
which is good cuz I'm hungry so we
thought we would film a Q&A mukbang
because we did that last time with Shake
Shack and we answered a lot of you
guys's questions and it was really fun
and a lot of you guys seemed to like it
so we thought that since Shake Shack was
a very New York thing to eat we thought
we would be very Midwest and I don't
think it's Midwest I don't know I feel
like they have these overall many places
but we don't you would go to folders
because YUM and I used to eat father's a
lot in college and I was super hungover
it's good it was all my roommates so one
of my favorite things at Culver's their
onion rings are bomb so we got some
onion rings so one thing if you know
about Culver's you know that they're
pretty famous for it what they call
butter burgers they're essentially just
regular burgers but I don't know they
won't do something different to them
that's what they're known for
so we've got butter burgers we got some
chicken fingers and onion rings and a
shake and we're gonna eat and answer
questions I used I always used to come
here after a ban yeah like after we had
a concert yeah everyone would like from
here since we just talked about how we
were back for wedding planning a lot of
people are asking us about how that's
going if we disagree on anything what's
new on that and I think that was the top
question on our last one too and we had
only found the venue last time we have
all the vendors secured we've secured
the vendors which means we have a DJ a
photographer videographer a florist hair
and makeup
photo booth uh like a wedding planner
day of coordinator will be our address
we don't have Pat's suit yet oh yeah and
we don't have any of the groomsmen suits
yet but we have all the bridesmaid
dresses I have my dress it's not here
yet but I have gotten that so that's
pretty much it and now the next few
months are where we actually get to sit
down with all these vendors and plan
things so what the florist I get to sit
down and talk about bouquets the what uh
the deejay we have to start thinking of
songs what we're gonna dance to so
that's kind of it's kind of at a steady
pace right now but the next few months
are gonna move a lot quicker which is
why we're back so what we did while we
were here is I gave the rest of the
girls their bridesmaid dresses that look
here and then we also met with our
wedding videographer which oh you guys
are hopefully gonna love because it's
the video that you guys are gonna see on
YouTube and he's so cool it was very
very nice I'm really excited that he's
the one shooting yeah I'm really yeah he
does a really nice job but you could
disagree on anything on wedding planning
finally do a bite nothing really I can't
think of anything that you mentioned
that you were really into then I was
like very very against so for the most
part we see eye to eye there's some
things that I'm like I don't understand
why you want that but I'm like you know
what
oh I know what he thinks is weird the
sparklers yes he goes why do we need
sparklers you know when they do like the
fake exit no one ever leaves after fun
fact this part I feel like everyone
knows this but the whole sparkler exit
where they take a bunch of photos you
just like make your guests hold that and
then you go okay now back unless
everyone do you like keep partying
because you don't actually leave at
least I haven't been to a wedding where
the bride and groom actually leave after
those exits
oh no you tell me it's what I want to do
that and he's like why I don't disagree
with that I guess I'm just it doesn't do
anything for me somebody asked how we
afford to travel so often I won the
lottery a couple years ago no yeah I got
hit by a city bus also no I made my
money the old-fashioned way and I ran
over violet maybe it's not well-known um
but I know I've watched other youtubers
talk about this or other people on
Instagram or bloggers but a lot of the
times when we started well first of all
when we decided that we wanted to do
travel videos we kind of invested time
and money into going on a few trips of
our own and then filming them to kind of
show what we can do and the way that we
film and how we showcase places that we
travel to if you want to get into more
trouble it's a great way to kind of you
know show people and when we work with
tourism boards who will send us on these
trains need to show people that you can
do those things like we did do it for
fun yeah and then they started reaching
out after seeing how we film things and
you know X Y Z following that so exactly
so a lot of the times will work with
Airbnb or will work with travel tourism
boards that want to show what their
country has to offer or their
whatever and we definitely pick and
choose those but that's how we are able
to travel so often that was a good bite
okay a lot of people asked seen if we
would if we're always planning on living
in New York or we're ever gonna move
back to the Midwest not the Midwest but
New York for a bit not sure how long but
eventually we'll probably move out it
kind of depends because um I think we
both kind of set on not moving back to
the Midwest not that there's anything
wrong with the Midwest we love it I
think it's a great place to have lived
and grown up yeah
but I think just for what we do and the
the pace we move and how we just live
day to day life we find New York so much
more are accommodating yeah we just we
really like it we're happier but as far
as always living there I can't say that
for sure because it just kind of depends
hold on you're not really in it are you
always like that it just kind of depends
on income New York is very expensive
there's no like beating around that New
York is ridiculously pricey and so it
kind of just depends if we can always
afford it we want kids and I know I
noticed a few other questions asking
about kids and when we want those and we
don't really have like a set time but we
do want them and so that's gonna be a
huge I mean we didn't grow up the way
that we would raise our kids in New York
just because we lived in we both lived
in kind of rural areas and so when we
would raise our kids in apartment and in
New York City that would be new to us
and we're totally down for it we think
it's great but it definitely would be
new but I don't think we're ever gonna
leave at least the East Coast I don't
think we'll ever yeah it would be more
comfortable for us to raise kids in the
Midwest because we grew up living in
a house going to soccer practice like
there was like a certain structure
around all of it and since we've done
those things it'd be easier to do in the
Midwest
whereas doing it in New York possibly
living in like an apartment sending kids
to school using the Train not driving
everywhere there's just differences
between the two it just is new for us it
also would be easier to come back here
and have kids because both of our
parents live here yeah it's just it's
foreign yeah it's like raising kids in a
city because we weren't raised in a city
so well but I'm all for it I think you'd
be really doing no it's a lot of people
are asking what is the worst fight we've
ever gotten got in and if we've ever
broken up or come close to broken up
breaking up but I think we've come close
before I would say which kind of ties
into moving and being in New York versus
Midwest I would say probably our worst
year was the first year we lived in New
York yeah there's just a lot of
stressors there yeah and I I mean I
think it's pretty well aware how
everyone knows on social media that it's
definitely a highlight reel but you
probably would have never guessed that
we had one of our worst years as like a
couple together um the first year we
moved to New York not because we hated
New York but because it was kind of a
spur-of-the-moment decision to move to
New York
it was Pat was graduating we were trying
to figure out where to move and we kind
of last-minute decided on New York and I
had always loved it there but we didn't
realize the impact it would have on us
kind of up and leaving our friend groups
and everyone our family our friends and
we kind of really had that separate
until we moved to New York and that was
really hard because we moved into this
tiny apartment her first year like
everyone yeah but we went from having
our separate friends that we could go to
our families having kind of like a
support system
yeah to going to New York and I mean one
person moving there I knew Carrie yeah
and I knew Carrie and that was it and so
it was definitely
challenging because we yeah we were just
around each other so much because we
work together we couldn't even separate
and go to like offices we were just like
around each other so much that we wanted
to like like you well we work together
we live together the apartment was not
huge by any means and like you just
don't have a you have to redefine
who you have to redefine personal space
and the apartment we were living in in
college was three or four times the size
we also always had roommates so this
like when we moved to New York that was
the first time we ever lived like alone
together yeah which was new you're kind
of like oh whoa and I think a lot of
people look at our situation and are
like oh it must be nice to have be in a
relationship and have somebody to always
take your photos and like always from
your videos and you guys are always
around each other while it's definitely
awesome because we get to do amazing
things like travel together yeah for
sure work together we have our own
schedules we spend a lot of time
together but at the same time there's a
huge drawback to that where you really
have to separate when you're working and
when you're being a couple because I
would say you know we've always talked
about a lot of you guys also that I
noticed have been asking us like just
relationship advice and how to you know
how to have lasted so long and we and so
long we have we've only been together
for like six years only I know but in
the big scheme of things you know um but
we always say communication but a huge
thing is for us figuring out a balance
between YouTube social media and us just
being off of it and just really being
with each other and being a couple that
isn't working we we came pretty close I
would say that first year to being like
I don't know if we can do this this was
a mistake like how do we fix like I
don't know it was tough for sure and but
we
suck through you made it so that's good
and you get your one right here you guys
probably didn't even know that's okay I
want to dip it into the onion right oh
you can peel to dip peel to squeeze okay
so speaking of fighting a lot of people
want to know that which is okay because
I'd rather talk about real than
like not um but somebody asked how do
you guys make up after a fight does one
of you need space and the other one
needs to talk it out I mean this is
really funny because when we do fight
I'm super quick to just kind of like get
over it and like be fine and Patton
needs like a while to really like
process everything and like need space
he needs to like and then talk about it
again
so like I'm pretty quick to kind of move
my feelings where is I just need time to
like to process it so I can come back
and be like okay this is where you're
coming from in here's what I understand
here's what I don't understand and I
also have to take that time to like kind
of diffuse so I don't say something
really stupid that's regret so that's
kind of why we have two different
approaches to our solutions I should say
new it's kind of a fun one
what's your favorite thing to do
together
and my answer to this is sometimes test
and I will go to a new restaurant and
we'll sit there and I'll kind of be like
you know this would be like a really
cool workspace and you'd be like oh wait
but we could put like we basically try
to like if we pretend that this space is
our apartment and how we would like to
rearrange everything it's not really
like an activity it's more of like a fun
game to play together but yeah I get
what you mean I think our favorite so
then maybe what you're saying I think
some of our favorite moments together
and what we like to do I just have
really spontaneous
date nights
yeah we like start at one restaurant and
then it will like maybe go to a movie or
we just like don't plan anything and
just kind of go as we plan so much with
our work and when we do travel we plan
so it's fun to just kind of be like oh
okay we have nothing to do tonight let's
just like go out and see what happens is
that better
all right oh it's recording - perfect
yeah okay rock and roll oh we have we
thought about kid names can't say we're
not gonna tell you that yeah we have a
boy and a girl name we actually did that
one night I actually took a picture of
it which i think is really cute but one
night we were out to eat and we were
just talking about kid names and then it
was like one of those tables that you
could write on and Pat wrote we wrote
like a bunch of lists of names and like
cross them out we're not pregnant guys
we just had the conversation and then
we'd set on like two names what happen
like over a year ago mm-hmm one of them
I think we've liked for probably the
longest even wine even before that game
there wasn't even a game even before
that initial like goofing around in that
table we talked about it and then I
forget who wrote it down you were me
probably yeah
but it was one of those things you're
like yeah that's that can stick so when
we have kids you'll know that we already
thought of their names but at the same
time I also think that when you actually
have a kid sometimes their name doesn't
fit them so you
- like wait for them to be burned -
actually really know their name but it
was supposed to be a couple things
everything in my parents list I was -
what was your name that you were gonna
be I have to ask my mom but she was like
you none of those things your mom wanted
Tess and my dad wanted Shelby my mom won
obviously but they made up for it
because my brother my mom wanted to name
him Benjamin and my dad wanted to name
him Nicholas and Nick won fun fun fact
of the day okay
what's Pat's work and I feel like most
people just see me as like an Instagram
husband which I mean if you want to call
it that like that's that's fine
in in some capacity yes I take photos of
tests in a video tests but I also have
other jobs all work on sets
I do test shoots with models I I do many
other things that isn't just hanging out
waiting for tests to be like we have a
photo today and also you guys if you've
watched any of our videos pretty much
you see that Pat's camera work is
exceptional he doesn't just hold it
there and press record he does amazing
things with steadicams
and actual dsl DSLR cameras that he
could get hired doing something like
that but I do need him a lot to film
these videos but he definitely has his
own passion product projects that he
works on all right Tess do you ever get
jealous jealous drool like from do you
ever get jealous of Carrie in myself
okay secret we're secret yeah some
people come down there like you and Pat
are so weird or like you're so
inappropriate with Pat like that's
Tess's fiance whatever okay Carrie is
like a sister it's insane and their
relationship is not
more than siblings they truly love each
other like that and I mean we told this
whole story about us moving to New York
and the only person we knew is Carrie so
us as a ji wushi queries no no don't
twist that came really close and really
like love like we just love each other
we do it's nothing creepy yahoo we love
is just she's just a good friend and she
really cares for us both and she I mean
she's the maid of honor in my wedding my
wedding our wedding she's maid of honor
in our hunting she loves us both as a
couple and individually so much so it's
just really funny I do not get jealous I
actually really really love that my
friends love Pat and our friends with
Pat I think it would be miserable if I
was dating or married to somebody that
did not get along with my friends I
would not be dating them like my friends
are means so much to me
I always joke however I would marry my
group of friends if it weren't for Pat
because I just love them and so if my
friends didn't get along with Pat and he
didn't get along with them that would be
tough it just like wouldn't work like we
won't work so a checklist of why we
lasted so long because um I really
really love it it's one of my favorite
things so no I do not get jealous I kind
of took that over but you know okay so I
think we answered enough questions I
hope we answered enough questions when I
get in for editing I hope this was fun
for you guys to watch as always these
are meant for you to get to know us a
little bit more and kind of break the
barrier that is the internet so you guys
feel we want to have like a conversation
with you and I feel like this is the
best way to do it so I hope you guys
enjoyed thanks for following along and
being so sweet to us we're really
excited that you're just as excited
about the wedding as we are yeah I guess
I will see you in my next video all
right
fun of me oh yeah
