[Music]
hi friends welcome back to my channel
so today's video is going to be a spring
try on haul
you know what hauls are you know how
these things work I'm excited about some
of the things I got because none of them
involve jackets
well there's one sweater but it's not
like a winter sweater very over it I'm
very over going outside and jackets I'm
ready
bring on warm weather so the first door
I'm gonna start off with is Urban
Outfitters
I love Urban Outfitters during the
springtime every time I are spring rolls
around and it's like done with winter I
always go on Urban Outfitters site I
don't know why I just I love the stuff
that they start to come out with during
the springtime it's all very much my 5
so I started there and I found something
that I really liked um if you've been
following me on Instagram you know I've
kind of been jumpsuit obsessed lately
which is not like me I'm not exactly the
tallest person so I always used to think
jumpsuits would just like drown me and
it want to take the time to get them
altered but lately I've been finding
jumpsuits that really suit my body and I
really like them they're comfortable
they're easy to wear so I got this
jumpsuit it kind of looks like a utility
jumpsuit which is on trend utility like
cargo pants that whole thing is like
very on-trend right now but I really
like the color of this I thought it was
really really cute I just think these
are so comfy and so easy to wear the
only thing they stuck for it's like
wrong versus when you have to go to the
bathroom you literally have to take it
all off which is the most annoying thing
but as far as like waking up in the
morning and wanting a cute outfit and
you just throw on this with like a bunch
of jewelry it's so cute I really like
this belted I just think it makes it
more fashionable than just kind of like
like a flight suit you know I mean this
next item is a top and I don't own a lot
of pink in my wardrobe
I've never really been a pink to gal um
but I really liked this top it's kind of
like the classic style top that everyone
has been wearing since probably last
summer I don't know how to describe it
it has the puffy sleeves the kind of
like corset style top here so it kind of
like
hugs all your courage really nicely I
really find it flattering the only thing
that sucks about this is when I got it
because I ordered this online has a
makeup stain which is not mine because I
opened it and it was like that which is
a little annoying so that sucks and I
kind of want to take it back before I
take the tags off and actually wear it
because I would like a clean one but
that's okay
I mean whatever it's a cute top
regardless I think they had this in
another color as well two other things I
got from Urban Outfitters one I'm
actually wearing its these belts you'll
see a better in the cutaway but I really
wanted just kind of like an old avenge
its vintage style belt and every time I
would go to like thrift stores or like
vintage stores they would never have my
size they would always be really small I
just never could find one that I liked
and they would be super overpriced so
this one on ermine actually wasn't bad
it has like the croc style detailing to
it which is like I'm in a lot of vintage
belts and I wear it with a lot of things
like denim these pants and specific I
love them with so yeah that's another
thing I got and then the other accessory
is a headband which is crazy because I
did not think I would wear a headband
ever again once I graduated like once I
graduated once I left like elementary
school I think the last time I wore one
this is like a Blair Waldorf get the
look but these are back and these these
are in and these are a thing now and I'm
really excited to challenge myself and
style these I'm doing a trend video
coming up here soon so I actually bought
it for that reason but I was super
affordable and it's like the Chanel or
do your headbands ones very plain which
is very me a lot of them have like beads
on them but I want to style it and
figure out how to wear it cute I really
like it
wear it cute make it cute this is yeah
next online store is ASOS I only have
two things from ASOS this time around
the first being this top it's a floral
top it's a spring haul would it be a
spring haul about some floral in it
probably not but it is a red floral it
has like
Mustard's like a blue color in it it's
really pretty I love the sleeves
tuck this into some denim it's like a
classic outfit that I love to wear and I
feel comfortable in um but yeah that's
about looks like another thing I've been
really into is gold jewelry this is not
new I've always really preferred gold I
don't think I've ever really worn silver
or styled anything with silver jewelry
gold is just my favorite so I picked up
some earrings on ASOS and I stick to
hoops I don't do anything crazy
but these you guys can see up in the
close-up what they look like I really
like them they're kind of like your
everyday earring to kind of elevate a
t-shirt or maybe a simple top something
like that they just are an easy way to
add some jewelry moving on to a Windsor
store an old favorite of mine I got a
few things from them that I really like
so the first is a jumpsuit I really like
this one though it's really really easy
this one is gonna be great I actually am
going to on a trip with Alex and Dan
surprise surprise
somewhere where I'm really excited to
wear this this kind of has like a beachy
feel but also it could be like festival
deserts but also just chillin this is
like perfect for spring because it's
easy to layer I could put a jean jacket
over this and just wear this to like the
park walking around it's really flowy
Airy easy breezy the next item is pretty
simple it's just a t-shirt but it's
tie-dye so it's super fun I'm just
warning you guys right now tie-dye is
everywhere
I've been seeing so much tie-dye in so
many different forms all over the plates
so I am imagining today is gonna be huge
for the spring and summer but Ty Lee is
just like a classic fun print I'm not a
huge fan of super bright colors so this
is definitely a stretch for me but I
like how the colors are somewhat muted
and like faded has kind of a vintage
look to it but I just find t-shirts are
so easy to wear it's just like an easy
outfit when you don't really have like
anything crazy to do tuck this into some
jeans and I'll be good to go so the next
item is from revolve and I wanted to
mention it because I recently got it
obviously
all but I wore it in an Instagram photo
and so many of you guys were asking
where it was from the Instagram photo
wasn't like I didn't tag it because the
focus of it was my bridesmaid dresses
but so many people commented about my
shirt versus the dresses which is crazy
um but it is this shirt it's a striped
shirt and it's a button-down structure
it's for over evolved the brand is
lovers and friends it's so soft and
comfy I get a lot of compliments on this
which is strange to me because it seems
like such a simple just like classic
button-down shirt also great if you're
in the workplace because you can
definitely make this more business
professional if you need to the other
thing I wanted to mention that aren't
super new but they are my denim jeans I
get so many questions on the specifics
of my jeans and I don't really mention
them because they're just jeans like I
say where they're from but you know
jeans can vary in style in all sorts of
ways um so the jeans that I've been
loving and getting so much of lately are
at the ecole jeans and they are so so so
so comfy so these ones are my absolute
favorite I'm gonna link this exact pair
in the description box below so you guys
know I wear them in pretty much all of
my fashion videos I love them they're my
grab-and-go jeans I have them in black
and then I also have them in a darker
blue the next items are from a store
that I is the love of my life I could
own the entire store and get rid of
everything in my closet
just for the store Reformation I'd give
them all my money in the spring and
summer because their clothes are just
the best
um and I love them so the first thing I
got was this dress this is actually
pretty simple
but I love love love the color of it I
don't have anything like this tan or
brown color I'm such a sucker for like
buttons and like Corsetti style bodice
is so this has like cups of the boobs
here it's just just so flattering and
comfy for me I always feel the best when
I'm in this kind of stuff so this is
like a linen material super lightweight
easy to wear I've been also obsessing
with the style of like feminine dresses
and combat boots and I just feel like
that would look so good with this for
like desert vibes you know what I mean
or like even just walking around
the city this was like a denim jacket
there's it's just I'm pretty simple but
I love this kind of stuff this is a
t-shirt
I love Reformation t-shirts they're
always so soft and so comfortable this
is striped I think this one is super
cute it has blue mustard and brown I
just yeah there's not much to say about
it besides that it's soft and t-shirts
are always easy to wear Wow
this next item is a sweater and it is a
lightweight sweater but it is from verge
and I actually posted an Instagram in it
and a lot of you guys seem to like it so
I thought I would mention it on here
plus average girl has like a ton of
really cute like easy sweaters right now
that are perfect for that awkward
transition in the summer where it's not
super hot yet but you want to not wear a
jacket this is perfect because this with
jeans is super comfy I love this because
two-toned it's kind of different Pat
said I look like an Oreo in it which was
my caption for this grant photo but it's
true it literally is an Oreo um but yeah
I think it's really really cute I like
the style of this kind of stuff tonight
usually get sweaters like this or pull
out sweaters from like what I have in my
closet that are lightweight like this
because then you can avoid wearing and
rack it all together and then the last
item is a little bit different I never
haul like fancier things or like not
like everyday items but I recently got
this dress from the brand endless summer
it looks like this and she's shiny on
camera but I love this dress I think it
is so so cute spring is kind of that
time where they're the wedding season is
coming up you know me I'm getting
married in September but throughout the
whole summer months you're kind of if
you go to weddings you're in the need of
like easy dresses it is one of those
dresses that you can wear for like a
birthday something a little bit nicer
it's not over-the-top fancy but it's
definitely something that you can wear
just to kind of like if you have some
somewhere nice to go and I never show
these kind of things but I definitely
only
in my closet so I thought why not I
think this one is really really pretty
and it's a very bright golden color
which is great for the spring so that's
everything in my haul I really hope you
guys enjoyed it and found some fashion
inspiration found some new things or new
ideas on what to purchase when you guys
are out shopping um but yeah I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video be sure
to give it a thumbs up and I will see
you in my next one which is gonna be a
week in my life
yay but thanks again for watching bye
guys
