[Applause]
what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so today's video as you tell is
going to be a styling video and it is
also sponsored by Calvin Klein which I
am so excited about because I love
Calvin Klein I think it's such an
amazing brand and I just feel really
lucky to work with them so before we get
into the styling portion I'm going to
talk about the Calvin Klein underwear
Invisibles collection which is available
at Macy's and I love this line because
it is just like your classic grab
underwear that you want to wear under
pretty much all of your everyday
clothing as you can tell in all the
cutaways it has very very seamless lines
it's so smooth and I can tell you from
wearing it it's very comfortable it's
got body contouring features so I felt
good in it you guys know I don't show
off like swimsuit clips or even in my
underwear very option on youtube so I
felt good in this and I felt really
comfortable and confident and wearing
this under my clothes felt really really
easy it's also supportive too which is
great for not having like a crazy heavy
underwire bra so this is just a great
option for you if you want something
quick easy comfortable so if you are
interested in this invisible aline I
will have a link in the description box
below but let's go ahead and get into
the styling portion where I show you
guys five outfits all centered around
something I think you probably own and
that's a white t-shirt okay so I had to
of course start off with a casual outfit
because when it comes to t-shirt and
jeans I think this is what a lot of
people think of so of course I tucked my
t-shirt into some denim jeans and this
is something I highly recommend to you I
love high-waisted jeans and I think when
you tuck in a t-shirt whatever t-shirt
it maybe into your denim it just kind of
gives it a more polished look it cinches
everything in and it's a little bit more
flattering so how I styled this was I
just throw on a cardigan it's cold where
I live and if it wasn't cold I would
just leave it as is but I threw this on
from ASOS and then I wore some just
basic sneakers which are also from ASOS
white kind of ties into the white
t-shirt and then another thing that I
love to do is wear gold jewelry I love
layering necklaces and earrings with
t-shirt
I just think it looks so good the next
way to style it is definitely on the
trendier side this is something that is
a little bit blurry it's something that
I would wear some imposed on my
Instagram I think it's super cute and
fashion-forward so what I did was I
tucked the white t-shirt into some
trousers they are plaid printed they're
from ASOS I think they're really cute
and then I belted it and I've worn this
exact look with a black belt and I
really liked it but I wanted to throw in
a neutral for this so this belt is a big
chunky vintage kind of looking one from
revolve and then for the rest of the
pieces for the black booties those are
from tony bianco black booties go
amazing with everything but you could
also add a print into this I think it
would look really cool and then I wore a
black beret because you know I love my
berets but they're very very in right
now especially for this season and then
of course I wore some gold Jew gold
jewelry that is my favorite both of
those items are from ASOS this next look
is definitely catered towards the spring
in the summer but it is with a skirt or
a type of pattern skirt I think that
these skirts are super trendy right now
on the silk style midi skirts and i
think they look amazing with a white
t-shirt tucked into them so the skirt
that I'm wearing is a printed like
leopard printed one from Realization par
I belted that with a belt from Urban
Outfitters and that itself I just loved
but then everything else you can kind of
play around with it so for today I just
wore the white sneakers from ASOS but
you can totally wear like sandals or
booties if you wanted to dress it up a
little bit I added a red bag for a pop
of color which is from the coop pose and
then of course I added and layered some
gold necklaces which a bunch are from a
Maria Pascal this next look is
definitely more on the professional side
but I wanted to include it because I
know a lot of you guys have nine-to-five
jobs and can't wear all of the super fun
outfits and have to be more professional
so this is great because I think this
was perfect for like a casual Friday
type of look so what I did was I took
the white t-shirt in to some black
skinny jeans pretty simple but I feel
like black jeans or something that are
pretty ok for work for the most part and
and over it I just wore this blazer from
and other stories I love it it adds a
pattern to it and I just think it looks
really really good and then I threw on
some tan booties from tony bianco but
you can of course wear flats or sneakers
whatever you feel and then of course
stuck with the gold jewelry whatever
your day-to-day jewelry is throw that on
because it looks amazing with a t-shirt
so for this last look I wanted to make
something a little bit more fun going
out type of outfit to make it a little
bit sexier because a white t-shirt it
doesn't mean that it can't be put
together so this is definitely something
that I think would be a fun weekend look
going out with friends going out to
dinner or something like that so with
the white t-shirt I tied that up because
I wanted to give it a little bit more of
a figure and I didn't want to just tuck
it in again so I wore that with just
some basic denim jeans and then to dress
it up a little bit I wore this sparkly
belt which is from revolve these are
super in right now and I just think it
makes the outfit look way more fun and
perfect for a night out and then for the
rest of it I just wore some sandals from
Stuart Weitzman they're like heeled
sandals I think that they look really
good with this of course with the gold
jewelry and then added a red lip for a
pop of color and to just kind of make it
a little bit more fun but that's my
video for today I really hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did be sure to give it
a thumbs up and also a huge shout out to
Calvin Klein for sponsoring this video
and yeah I will see you guys next time
bye
