what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so today's video is going to be
a weekend in my life and I'm really
excited about this weekend's vlog we
just have a lot of fun stuff going on
we're actually traveling we're going
outside Chicago for Kerry sister's
wedding so it's gonna be a good time but
today is kind of a prep day so we have
to pack clean I have to upload a really
exciting video for you guys and shoot
some Instagram contents but first lunch
so today's video is going to be
sponsored by blue apron which I'm really
excited about Patrick and I absolutely
love this you guys know that we live in
New York so sometimes groceries can just
be like a hassle and so having this
these meals already kind of prepped for
you is just amazing especially having
the exact amount of ingredients you guys
know we travel a lot so not having to
waste a bunch of produce in the fridge
is great because we eat the exact amount
it's just great so today we're going to
be making spicy chicken tacos and I take
you along my cooking journey I'll show
you the other two recipe cards of stuff
we made earlier this week they were
delicious so that's what we're gonna do
right now but if you're interested in
blue apron I will have a link below and
the first hundred people to sign up will
get $60 off their first three weeks of
blue apron so I just pulled out all of
the ingredients super fresh YUM this is
the recipe card pretty straightforward
and then the back has all of the
step-by-step instructions super super
helpful makes my life so much easier and
then these are the recipe cards that I
had from earlier this week we made these
already this one was super delicious but
yeah I just love how different the
recipes are
[Music]
I just put up all the ingredients super
easy prep the chicken we're not going to
make a little like mayo lime situation
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay we are in Chicago because we are
here for Ellie's wedding or Miley's is a
Carrie sister
this is Kara's house hi Kara we are
already looking sharp here the guys wait
it's dark Louie
Josh Patrick the crew and then the
ladies hi Nicole never ends cheers to
the pending nuptials and to a night
[Applause]
[Music]
so we just got here looking for
she looks so amazing Thanks I'm obsessed
oh my god oh my god oh my god hi oh you
look good oh thanks Lu kerim is that's
too much hey the guys switch
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right so we had a little wardrobe
malfunction the red the red pants we've
all seen a red pantsuit but then I was
talking to Josh patent Louie
and all of a sudden the zipper just
busted so she's in leggings for now she
looks amazing I am blessed because the
girls have the Knievel there you look
great
no Nicole is gonna bring it can we find
two pictures I just like I don't have I
can't we're busted zipper transwomen
yeah
Gooch is out is the ceremony over yeah
it's like all cocktail hour like dinner
stuff now thank you for bringing you
awesome I'm gonna give you the belt
though I don't think I do I need to keep
it just in case we can whatever you okay
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I was gonna intercept it did you have
fun at the wedding last night so much
fun we're a little hurting today yes
also I have to explain our outfits we're
all wearing white today with next starve
we're going to Kerry's parents house so
I guess the house she grew up in or and
have a whole day her dad's cooking lunch
dinner I'm not sure but we're all taking
photos and we decided to be matching cuz
we're corny like that let me guess
you're neither slippers you got it no
inventor of the nine hundred right there
folks okay so we just got to Carrie's
house and I've obviously been here
before I guess I don't know if you would
know that but the rest of the crew is
doing a little bit of a tour
Ivan helped Cara and John Kerry's dad
and we're gonna cook an epic meal or
doing appetizers I don't even really
know what it is I'm just gonna help Cara
and she's going to tell me what to chop
John you want to say hi to my blog
Johnny yeah you're here I see do you
want to say hi to my blog alright
welcome to Louie cam alright I know
there's been a few we've got julia cam
we've got Kerry cam this Louie cam Brits
cam that's what I'm calling it I don't
even know where to put the camera this
is hard right so I know you guys will
love tests but I'm seeing a side of
tests right now I don't know
you'll be used to
all right here Eddie Oh Tess that's
actually they know that you cook yeah
but not like yeah I love to cook
whenever we do family dinners was just
coming off then yeah oh yeah I'm gonna
go car over here got some buckwheat
noodles it's a good look yeah no I for
now we'll be back again we'll be back hi
welcome to my house test might have been
vlogging and now we're in the backyard
we're singing various Louie he's getting
my mom another beer
there's Jill she put on Tessa's wedding
ring because she's cooking test doesn't
want to lose it solo
Patrick hanging out with wriggles hi
honey
rigs ibis hi honey
oh you're so sure
[Music]
chop she's chopped so many things how
many jobs know she's chopping radishes
for garnish for this which is literally
one of the most amazing things I've ever
tasted it has I got peanut butter like
is there soy yeah there's gotta be like
oh it's all of these sauces rice wine
vinegar soy sauce
all right Kara's making a scallion
pancake we're putting on it things may
be riding the montage music you're
welcome
oh I get it and then you roll it or you
plot it yes
[Music]
