[Music]
what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so today's video as you can tell
is going to be an outfit of the week I
show you guys five outfits Monday
through Friday I didn't get around to
showing you Saturday and Sunday this
week because I was actually super sick
hence the delay in this video upload I
was not feeling the best I feel like
everyone around me is kind of getting
sick so I feel like it was inevitable
but I did um but I feel much better now
so I'm really excited to share with this
video with you guys I hope you guys get
some outfit inspiration as always and
yeah let's get started okay so for
Monday I decided to just keep it easy
and for me easy means a jumpsuit and
I've been loving jumpsuits lately
specifically denim ones I designed them
to be such an easy and simple outfit the
only thing is you know when you have to
go to the bathroom that kind of sucks
but other than that they make a really
easy outfit so the one that I'm wearing
is a white one and that is from revolve
I love it it's got buttons down the
front that kind of add a different flare
to it and then I decided to belt it to
give a little bit more of a waist
definition because this one was a little
bit not as fitted as the other one I
have from mango so I just belted it with
a brown belt from Urban Outfitters and
then to tie in the brown I wore some
Brown booties from Zara and then over it
I just wore a gray coat which I believe
is from guests and then my scarf is from
ASOS so super easy very neutral colors
but it was such a nice day out so I
probably didn't even need the scarf but
this was just such a comfy easy look
[Music]
okay so for Tuesday I decided to go a
little bit more casual and I really
wanted to style some new cargo pants
that I recently got and those are from
revolve the brand majorelle I think
they're super cute and I think you can
dress them up or down multiple different
ways so I decided to go a little bit in
between so what I wanted to do was tuck
in a t-shirt because you guys know I
love my graphic tees so this one is a
clean one and that is from Urban
Outfitters but you can totally find one
probably way cooler at like a thrift
shop but I really liked the color in
this so I tucked that into the cargo
pants and then for the rest of the look
I just wore it some black booties and
then a black jacket I probably could
have got away with like a bomber jacket
but it was a little bit windy so I
wanted to be as warm as possible so this
one I've had from Zara for a while I
accessorized with some gold accessories
that I always do and then to kind of
switch it up a little bit I had this
barrette from Urban Outfitters or like a
hair clip whatever you want to call it
and I put that in my hair and I thought
it tied in the brown from the cargo
pants really well and I just kind of
think it put the whole look together
[Music]
okay so Wednesday was a pretty chill day
it was actually the warmest this day I
was surprised at how warm it was it was
almost too warm for the coat that I'm
wearing but today I really wanted to
style these boots that I just recently
got they are from and other stories
they're basically knee-high kind of
western style croc boots I think they're
so fun but I definitely played it safe
with this outfit and I'm really excited
to style of like a dress in the spring
but for the outfit I just wore this
white cropped sweater which is from Virg
girl I love having pieces like this
because they're easy to just throw on
with jeans which is exactly what I did
so the jeans I'm wearing are from a gold
they're just basic skinny jeans but I
love them the skinny jeans work great
inside tucked inside the boots and then
for my coat I've had this for years this
is from Reagan bone it was I bought it
at a sample sale and yeah it's just kind
of a simple coat that I threw on very
very simple outfit I think I wore
somewhat gold your jewelry like I always
do but that's it
[Music]
okay so this type of outfit is
definitely my go-to just for running
basic errands nothing crazy not taking
Instagram photos and all of that so I
wanted to include it because I
definitely don't have these crazy well
put together outfits every day but for
this I just wore a white sweatshirt
simple easy I love throwing on
sweatshirts they're so comfy this one's
from ASOS and then just a pair of basic
blue jeans which are from a gold over it
I wore one of my favorite thrifted
jackets which is thrifty um so I can't
link that but for the rest of the outfit
I wear some sunglasses which are just
like this tortoise cat eye that I love
those are from ASOS along with my shoes
are from ASOS Wow I shot they're way too
much and that's pretty much it through
my hair up and I was good to go
[Music]
and finally Friday this look is
definitely one of my favorites I think
it's a great way to kind of transition
into a night look because the top is so
cute on its own with just the denim but
yeah it's a very tough outfit beret and
included okay so starting off with the
top which I absolutely love I love the
print of it it reminds you of like
grandma's curtains but like cute you
know I mean so that is from mad girl
revolt I love it I love the style of the
top it's very me
I love the puffy sleeves all of it it's
also what I'm wearing in the intro so
with that I just styled some black denim
jeans which are from a girlfriend denim
with my classic black booties which I
don't know if I mentioned in the video
but those are from mango over it I wore
the same gray jacket as the beginning of
the video so that is from guess along
with a layered scarf which was from Free
People and then of course I wore a black
beret which is from Urban Outfitters
with some gold jewelry and that's it I
think it's super cute once you take the
jacket off I think it's so chic I love
it I also wore this look once without
the Brahe and I just think it's so cute
still so yeah I really like this one but
that's my video for today I really hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did it be
sure to give it a big thumbs up and stay
tuned for my next video which is a new
fun fashion video that I'm really
excited about umm but yeah thank you
again for watching and I'll see you all
in my next video bye
