what's up guys welcome to the
Thanksgiving weekend vlog so I have a
lot to intro you about because there's a
lot that happened and in the past 48
hours so myself
Kari Julia and Alex Chen Tomo a long
time ago many many months ago we got
this opportunity to get a meet and greet
with the Jonas Brothers which huge you
guys know I think I've had like - Jonas
Brothers vlogs on my channel so far this
year absolutely love them been a fan for
many years but there was a catch it was
the day before Thanksgiving so the day
before Thanksgiving we flew early in the
morning to Montreal myself Kerri and
Julia we flew there we met up with Alex
we got ready really quick and we went to
the concert we met them it was amazing I
could go into detail but I really don't
mean to I'm pretty sure it's
self-explanatory
I love the photos here because they
explain themselves they're so nice and
so perfect it was great and the concert
you guys already know I absolutely loved
the concert itself is just so good we
had some of the best seats ever that
I've ever been to a concert so I was we
just felt really really lucky and we
were so excited to be there
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
and all that one
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
so we had booked a very early flight
back from Montreal to Connecticut and
why we are in Connecticut is because we
are meeting up with Julius family she is
here we normally do like a friendsgiving
for Thanksgiving and Patrick and I
posted it for the past two years but
this year we were like we might as well
go spend it with family we can do like a
whole big group trip and our flight was
scheduled for 6:00 a.m. and long story
short you go through u.s. customs in
Canada it basically broke and I could go
into detail of what happened but all the
computers shut down everything had to be
manually entered and there was not that
many people working and so we were
essentially screwed so we missed our
flights and we were really panicked and
not only did we miss our flights but
many many many other passengers did and
they couldn't get us on all flight
together we were just the travel day was
gonna be really stretched out so we
decided to rent a car and we drove six
hours from Montreal to New Haven
Connecticut and we finally made it here
last night around like 4:00 p.m. we
quickly got ready got ready for
Thanksgiving went to her family's house
and met her a bunch of her family and
had Thanksgiving dinner and there's just
absolutely no way I was gonna vlog
Thanksgiving dinner after all of that
but you guys know what happens at
Thanksgiving you meet a bunch of food
and you hang out with family there is
nothing crazy that like you really
missed in the vlog that stuff is gonna
come this weekend so I wanted to give
you guys a little context I'm sorry if
that was super Ramle but I just felt
like I had to for this to make sense but
anyways I'm really excited we're gonna
go downstairs I'm gonna show you guys
everybody it's gonna be really fun
weekend so thanks for watching this vlog
let's go Sun is going down
[Music]
[Laughter]
these all turn out really good
[Music]
we're starting a band
[Music]
okay we're doing the whisper challenge
Josh wanted to do the whisper challenge
so he's gonna tell Kerry something in
the headphones what are you gonna tell
or do this is good my pants
The Sisterhood of the Traveling this is
your of the trolley pan I like pizza
when it's burned the pizza heats up when
it burned related to comments you we did
a we need a new carpet we need an
apartment
[Applause]
yesterday I skinny dip in the ocean
yesterday I threw up in the ocean
yesterday yesterday hi skinny
[Applause]
[Music]
Julie Julie mama stupid is really whoa I
feel like Kazakh okay how you do you you
yeah
gods gods you got to risk it to get the
best gifts
oh this is you get the [ __ ] biscuit
biscuit started yesterday basically
Carol
popped a bottle of champagne and we
caught it and we caught it on film and
so every time we open up a new champagne
bottle we have to do it now it's like a
thing kara and Louise and Louise catches
it kara pops
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
no Friday night and we had to show just
effortless chic my dear effortless chic
ouch it's the classic day look so he
comes to brunch he comes to brunch with
a class this is a nice striped sweater
let me tell your bread white wine always
in hand it's really an effortless if we
drop it like it's hot sometimes cortina
is where we live and we like to walk it
out
strut it out he'll his travel look if
you will we've got a nice red and white
classic staple Louie jacket we've got
the winter 20 nice I like the blue
things out of my eyes other things we've
got Kara's business just come from the
kitchen I'm a chef you know I've done my
thing and now it's gonna party to finish
it up we just got a little a bonus right
ladies meat sticks bang
[Applause]
but it's not like so good the food stop
talking and eat the food ahem
[Music]
we're leaving Connecticut
busting here but first day of luck yeah
Kerry's doing vlogmas December 1st you
know kind of a gloomy day yeah taking
the train back but our drive to a
different country this time okay imagine
that
taking the train back it's like two
hours I think from New Haven to New York
City Thank You Grand Central did
everyone have fun cool maybe enough you
never know
[Music]
