all right hi guys welcome to the Florida
blog we are in Orlando for a very long
weekend we are here because well for one
Orlando is just super fun but
specifically Julia you guys all know
Julia she is actually from here so we
are at her house right now we decided
kind of randomly to do this over
Halloween weekend because we wanted to
go to Universal and go to Harry Potter
world and go to Halloween Horror Nights
so it's gonna be really fun it's
Wednesday right now we flew in this
morning
it's like afternoon right now we came
here it's lunch we all change into
swimsuit join us back yeah so anyways
we're here from Wednesday to Sunday
early morning I probably won't even vlog
Sunday but Wednesday to Saturday let's
say it's gonna be really fun weekend so
I definitely wanted to vlog this we're
missing two of the crew and we added two
so we added Alex and Dan they are here
with us to carry it over and we are
missing Kerry and Louie so today it's
just a cool day we're hanging out the
weather is insanely nice serious like 80
degrees I'm already sweating
so we're just gonna hang by the pool
chill with her family her dog oh my god
Alex I can finally say on my blog
pregnant Alex it's just a little baby
boom oh it's so relieving actually I can
just be like you're pregnant she's so
cute
[Music]
we're Julius
Toby you we're here for Josh her
sister's 18th birthday it's also just a
delicious food just mostly hi to my vlog
happy birthday
[Music]
[Music]
Alexandra Kellerman
[Music]
[Music]
she does Alex wait you can't even see
you are you there right we got the girls
in here watching a movie we've got wine
yeah the boys are playing pool
one-for-one John and I Dan and Josh this
game will decide who sleeps outside
we're watching a movie getting all cozy
what time are we getting up tomorrow
7:00 we're going to Harry Potter world
Universal I'm gonna ride some rides I'm
so excited so we'll see you in the
morning we have made it to Universal
three buddies excited we're gonna be
stars
we're gonna go to Harry Potter world
first right yeah I think I made that up
what you gonna get
it's very warm today it's like a high of
90 degrees yeah what is this refresh
akut rollercoasters you can film up
there if you want it's ridiculous I
actually can't believe we're doing this
one for the person
[Music]
[Applause]
watch the outlet step on her mirror but
she didn't like it very much it's very
sweet
I have it yet no what did you get
[Music]
we stopped him we did the mummy what
else to do we got limey Palin hen we ate
lunch all pretty straightforward I can't
bring you on the ride rides this today
yeah
no I'm excited I do more rollercoasters
we need some proper upside-down
wiggity boos wait he was look at he
flops
[Music]
it's not that bad but you know what it
is
[Music]
not for my boob the makeups for my face
fireball insider happy Halloween is like
a drink my mom I know you need this hums
for you
we're gonna do the whole for the last
ride of the day I'm so excited my dad
about the last time I was here like
three times it's so much fun so we're
gonna do that and then we're gonna head
back to the car it's great so we just
got back to Julia's house from Universal
we all kind of like quickly showered i
body showered be some wearing away
tonight but it is Halloween so currently
she's getting trick-or-treaters but we
are dressing up we're not going anywhere
we're staying at Julia's house but we
still want to dress up kind of
last-minute decision because it is
Halloween we dressed up last weekend
actually for a Halloween party so that
was more of our like actual Halloween
festivities oh yeah you do look like
your snapchat filter do you no no are
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
so now we're officially ready
we are from almost famous hopefully you
can tell if you've seen that movie
we've got sapphire and then the guys
introduce yourselves Jeff and baby baby
big walton manager from Roswell rose
well Ryan no like a Brian hey so we're
going to a Halloween party I'm gonna
vlog most of it it's for Kaitlyn's
brother-in-law's 40th birthday he was
born in the 70s
so it's 70s themed three victim was a
meniscus
okay y-axis stop it right now
[Applause]
[Applause]
so Pat and I last minute I was trying to
think of an easy costume that would be
like I don't know somewhat simple to put
together but like so fun and different
so I I know everyone's talking about
euphoria and that's like a huge thing
right now so we decided to I kind of
decided obviously that I wanted to do a
euphoria costume and Patrick was down
because his costumes so easy so Patrick
and I are being Madi and Nate from
euphoria the Halloween episode because
we thought that was very fitting okay
the fact that I got this eyeliner
remotely looking decent is I'm just
saying you can't really see my outfit
but I'll show you guys a better clip of
it when we get downstairs with our
costumes there what Molly and Amy from
book-smart I'm all I need is two over
here our Dwight and Jim from the office
you're three whole what three-hole punch
Jim yeah I got to do the gym blah blah
blah I'm gonna sit on my desk okay josh
is Patrick Patrick for tonight I was a
devil
technically I'm iris from taxi driver
because that's a cheetah's and he's a
prisoner so is the next day so today we
have a really fun I guess day activity
plan we stayed up stayed up in Julie's
house really late last night so we all
kind of slept in so it's like three ish
right now we're going to play this like
real a challenge game in her backyard
because she has such a nice backyard so
we set up all of these little obstacles
I'll give you like a whole rundown once
we do like an official walkthrough so
you guys know what we're doing but we
kind of randomly decided I think the
guys decided it and then we were like
yeah that's a really good idea but we've
got the red team we've got Dan we've got
Alex
Tammy John T paradiddle and so we
decided who's doing life so we're doing
I have shotgun in a beer ping pong
bobbing for apples and basketball julia
is the crab walk I'm filling the sponge
with the water I'm doing the laps and
then I'm doing this weapon slide
and I'm doing bags the egg spoon
flip cup and pop Hut okay and I'm
consuming is just girly things just
girly things name car gram that's good
what does that mean do you need my
assistance it's from
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
5:21
[Music]
touch the dirt that's the dirt you got
it nailed it nailed it the preggy little
alex is gonna sit out this next round
but I'm really glad you did the first
one so happy you guys did such a good
job cuz the voice came up with it but
you guys executed it yeah yes Josh
you're so close some eBay
[Music]
yeah yeah he did
what is it showing five 27.2
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
so far the blue took over the lead
cuz the red one last time so the girls
the pink the the ladies just girly
things we're gonna make up for it we're
not gonna get last but that's up
nice nice
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
5:51 so it's been a minute we showered
got ready really quick because we want
to go to Halloween Horror Nights tonight
which I'm so excited for you guys have
no idea I don't know why but I just love
scary things I just think it's so much
fun
[Music]
[Applause]
we decided to just like bite the bullet
and just do the longest wait one and do
stranger things it's like a hundred a 45
45 minutes hopefully yeah
so let's let's be real we made it how
long 2 hours first Ranger things
I screamed alot can't give you an
accurate if it was worth or not because
I truly don't remember I was screaming
the entire time I blogged a little bit
of it and then I got yelled at so we're
going on a clown one now which is
actually my worst nightmare clowns from
outer space
yeah killer comes from outer space
whatever that means clowns in general
hell no
[Music]
