what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so today's video is going to be
a styling video and this time I
partnered with Miss OMA which is all of
the beautiful gold jewelry you see me
wearing throughout this video I'm really
excited to feature them because you guys
know how much I love gold jewelry I love
layering necklaces small hoops and they
seriously have it all it's so beautiful
such good quality so I'm gonna have a
link below to Misawa to all the pieces
that I'm wearing and then of course many
many more they just would make such
great holiday gifts it's just nice
quality it's something you want to give
to somebody and you'd be really excited
to give to someone and a lot of people
will love it so if it's not for the
holidays you give it to someone maybe to
celebrate a new job a birthday something
like that they have something for your
mom your grandma your sister you it's
just really great stuff so I will have a
link again below to check that out but
today's video is going to be all about
one sweater four ways so most people
right now it's sweater weather it's
chilly you're grabbing towards a sweater
to wear so I thought I would show you
guys four ways how I style this specific
sweater which is one of my favorites
it's from Reformation it's a neutral
color which is definitely something I
wanted to pick since a lot of people
have that now I was gonna go for more of
a classic turtleneck sweater but I
thought I would do something that is
like super genuine to what I'm really
really loving right now and it's
sweaters like this so I showed you guys
four ways to style it and I really hope
you guys find it helpful so let's get
started okay so this first outfit is
definitely on the trendier side it has a
bunch of added pieces too just a classic
sweater and jeans look that makes it a
little bit more unique and a little bit
more fun and this is probably something
that I would wear and grab to grab for
the most so starting off of course we
have the Reformation sweater and I took
that into some faded black jeans these
are from Levi's and then for the little
overcoat jacket that is from Lulu's it's
just plaid it's perfect for this time of
year I can layer it with another jacket
if it's a little bit colder but it's I
like how it's cropped it still shows off
the sweater and doesn't drown the outfit
too much and then for the bag that is
from ASOS I love the brown color and how
picked up the color in the plaid top and
then of course I have to wherever I it's
my favorite thing to do this time of
year that I believe is from Windsor
classic black beret you can find it all
over and then for my booties I thought
it would be really fun and do some white
booties these are from Frye I absolutely
love how it looks with this outfit it's
all kind of in the neutral family and I
just think it looks really good and then
lastly for my jewelry I'm wearing two
necklaces from Miss Alma
the first thinner one is the gold square
snake necklace and then the other one is
the gold and twine necklace
super cute I love how it brings out the
hardware in the purse and I just think
it looks good overall together this next
outfit is a little bit more on the
fancier side this is great for a dinner
party something a little bit more
festive and fancy you might have to go
to this holiday season these satin
skirts are everywhere and they're being
paired with so many different things I
absolutely love them I just think that
they're so versatile so this one that
I'm wearing is from Topshop
it's just black very classic very simple
easy to pair with a bunch of different
things so I of course tucked the
Reformation sweater in to that and then
to kind of add a print to it and break
up the the way that it's tucked in I
added a belt this one is a leopard print
belt from ASOS I love it it has gold
hardware on it which is really great
because it brings out the gold in my
jewelry and then for the shoes I just
wore some like classic heeled sandals
I'm pretty sure these are Stuart
Weitzman but these are like your classic
heels that I feel like everyone should
have they just go with everything and
then for the Miss Emma jewelry I'm just
wearing these n twine hoops I just think
that they're super pretty they're not
super over-the-top and they really bring
the look together
[Music]
this next outfit is just a classic
everyday outfit I just think it's really
cute very simple but definitely some
added Flair with some of the accessories
that I chose so of course I tucked in
the rough sweater - some denim blue
jeans and I get so many questions on my
blue jeans a lot of people want to know
and I get a lot of them from a gold I
think that's how you say it I've heard
it say it said a couple ways but I think
that's how you say it and these are just
classic skinny jeans but they're
high-waisted I love how it cinches in
the sweater it just makes it look really
good you can do so many different things
with this look by adding belts and
things like that so of course I just
wore some black booties honestly I don't
even know where these are from I get
black booties all the time because
they're just my go-to and then for the
black Bo that is from H&M I just think
this is so cute and it's perfect for the
holiday season you can do it with a low
pony or do it the way I did where it's
like half up half down I just think it
makes it look really feminine and cute
and then for the miss Alma jewelry I'm
wearing these gold chunky waffle hoops
which I absolutely love I think they
might be my favorite I've been wearing
them a lot with pretty much everything
recently and then for the necklace I
just kept it simple by wearing the gold
square snake chain I wanted to keep the
focus on the earrings and the bow so I
thought this was a great way to do so
but still adding a little jewelry to the
neck and that's it
this last outfit I really love because
it's a perfect day look without having
to wear jeans which sometimes you really
don't want to and this one can be kind
of styled a bunch of different ways I
want the more casual route so I wore
these plaid trousers which are from ASOS
and I absolutely love them they're
perfect for this time of year because
you can do a bunch of different things
that can wear them with black booties
heels sneakers like I am here so I took
the rough sweater into that and since it
was very similar in the color family
which I kind of loved that it was I
wanted to break it up a little bit so I
wore this Brown croc belt from ASOS and
I love how it kind of breaks it up and
then gives a little bit more of a
vintage feel to it again it has the gold
hardware so it ties in with my jewelry
and then this time I kept it simple with
just some sneakers to kind of show you
guys how to make it a day look um so I
wore some Nike Air Force one sneakers
and then for the missamma jewelry the
main attraction that I'm really excited
about is the Roman arc coin necklace
which I really love I feel like you guys
have seen me wear coin necklaces before
they're just my favorite so I paired
that with the same end twine hoops from
before and I just think it looks really
good the outer jewelry - this definitely
gives it an added Flair since the colors
are so similar and I also wanted to show
you guys how I would wear this with a
coat because obviously this time of year
is chilly and you meet one so I wore
this one from H&M I love it it brings
out the color and the sneaker since it's
a little bit lighter and I just think it
looks really good the whole neutral
family is just kind of what I've been
going for this holiday season
but that is it for my video today I
really hope you guys enjoyed it and it
got some style inspiration like always
again thank you to Misawa for sponsoring
this video and I hope you're having a
great day love you guys bye
