so today's vlog is going to be a really
fun one or I guess I should say this
weekend's vlog Patrick and I we just
packed up we're not going to the airport
we actually he ran to get a rental car
which is really exciting because we've
never done that in New York before but
we were driving upstate to go camping
and I say camping Oh loosely it's more
like glamping we've never done this
before so I thought it'd be a really fun
new thing to do it looks really cute
once Patrick gets here going to load the
car and then drive like two and a half
hours upstate okay we are officially on
the road we got about the city eh okay I
was a navigator so I did not blog
because this is our first time it's very
very pretty you know it is rainy I don't
think it's gonna rain the rest of the
weekend fingers crossed because we are
you know in a tent
but it should be fine the colors are
changing up here which is really nice so
now the season
we just checked in so what our tent
looks like told you guys this was
glamping this is not camping but you
know we did camping this summer like a
proper camping but this is totally glam
moment right here like how cute is this
I mean it's essentially a tent but I'd
like to call it more of a cabin okay we
have a fire going because it's a little
chilly like I said it's raining but
we're here for the next three days so
it's nothing to rain the whole time
but yeah this is what our tent looks
like so cute we have coffee started but
yeah this is like a quick overview of
the tent itself and then back here are
the bathrooms I'll show you guys that
which I show you it now yeah okay so you
basically come out to this back tent and
then these are the bathrooms so it's a
very open concept bathroom that's the
shower
coilette and then let's think then you
come out here go back in and you're back
in the cabin what do you think it's
fantastic I know if some luckily matched
single malt whiskey you're gonna make a
little warm ourselves up toddy and I
think yeah hopefully if it dries out
we'll see we have dinner tonight which
will be yummy so we're gonna go up to
that main tent up there by the way this
is not sponsored or anything we I found
this place on Instagram and I had to
stay here so I booked this so I could
get some fall stuff done but also like
how fun of a weekend is this and then
also to vlog to show you guys because it
was only about a two and half hour drive
from New York City and it's called
collective retreats
[Music]
okay so this is an apple an apple
something with ice cream berries and
whipped cream essentially so good last
night we I showed you guys some dinner
clips which were we went for dinner and
you have to make these reservations
because they cook everything out here so
you have to do that usually the week
before your stay so for lunch today we
knew we were gonna be working so you can
get lunch to go so we got sandwiches
I'll show you guys that I think we're
gonna do a cute little picnic or
something on our deck or even just in
here because it's so cozy Patrick has a
fire going he's been manning that thing
all morning but it kicks off a lot of
heat it's pretty good oh yeah we're
gonna eat that lunch here soon I think
our lunch is reserved for 12:00 and then
for dinner I think we're gonna go into
the town we're not that far we rented a
car obviously you guys saw that so we're
not that far from a town and they gave
us some really good restaurant ideas
because I'm not gonna lie the food here
is pretty expensive so having different
options is yeah and there's a there's
two towns there's Chatham Chatham and
Hudson both of which super cute there's
breweries in both of them
local ones obviously there's a cool art
scene in both towns you kind of get two
different experiences we're going to
check some of those out later I think
and yeah we've heard a lot of good
things just from the staff about other
things you can do that are off-site if
you will so yes so great option if you I
mean if you're traveling here just in
general but if you live upstate or in
the city it's just a cool just cool
escape all right let's go grab some
lunch you got these other guys
I also wash my hair this morning so it's
a big fluffy Duffy mess whatever to neat
things happened got a bag full of food
fresh farm-to-table it hasn't even hit
the tables there's a farm to mount
second my hair is gone significantly
downhill not tha that's the worst thing
in the world I'm not trying to press
that he bears out here even know if
there's bears like my fourth cup of
coffee he's like what else you gonna do
lunch to Patrick to farm to table so I
thought I would show you guys where
we're at the parking lot down there and
this which I'm about to show you is kind
of like the main area this is where you
can eat lunch dinner they have a bar up
here and then also we're like check-in
is it's super chill it's literally two
times I'll show you
check-in food beer and also some of the
wine and cocktail classes are in there
and then you can see there's more tents
there our tent is over there you can't
really see it there's some up there
[Music]
djenka we're gonna play some Jenga
there's also bags and then we got some
swings which we're gonna enjoy a drink
on the swings I have made the first move
Oh shadow
okay all right feelin it uh those are
stacked pretty tight you found one
[Music]
no chance
zero chance this is pretty bad look at
it
tilting do it if you I swear if you
mother and this is it folks she's done I
don't be a little upset if you actually
make this no next up bags ready
if you want a faceplant also look at the
size of these mushrooms I need to put my
hand in my hand
huge huge
[Music]
okay Tessa's winning eight to one made
some serious redemption here I was
giving a talking a lot of smack for not
really following through so 9 10 11 11 1
1101 very close kill it carry
[Music]
with no muddy my dogs are there's a lot
more money than mine you look like you
look like a little like you look like
you're in like a a little cuckoo it
looks so funny
no you know what you look like you're in
an adult what do they call like swaddles
you know the little like clouds
no the cloths that people put their
babies in to like wrap them our future
do it I don't know what it is just do
what the kids do I just see you do it so
I'm doing it wrong
Carrie and I do it for fun because we
watched tic TOCs well can you throw it
out I don't care I'm gonna throw duck
what do i do though you can catch it
whoa throw it up and is it one hand two
hands just this is this is where
conversation is last night we're like
those adults now that don't get the kid
things things are beyond us remember we
were doing the dougie and my moms like
attempting it what are you guys doing
and we're like it's the dougie not
zooming your mind now there's a bunch of
chickens over there
there's a little chicken right there you
better pick those up
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
please tell me you're not enjoying my
Patrick wildflowers are my absolute
favorite
they're so pretty oh they're like let's
take a shot on a Tuesday they look just
kind of wildflowers good calling mellow
flowers or like responsible flowers he's
white ones the Sun is setting super
super pretty rough see the wizard it's
not raining I'm so happy they were like
worried it was gonna rain again but it's
it's literally the perfect night we're
gonna drive into the town of Hudson to
get some food we did not make a dinner
reservation on the campsite tonight we
just wanted to check out a town they
gave us some local recommendations I got
you these oh I didn't pick them so I
want to hear about it people we came to
this place called spoon it looks really
good
butternut risotto my jam and Pat carrots
dang it is our last full day in this
beautiful tents I sleep so good
this bed is next level comfy like it's a
company one of the comfiest beds I've
ever slept in and that's Ana tent and
I've been to a lot hotels but something
about this I think maybe just cuz it's
huge and it's just got a lot of blankets
and it's freezing so you know you get
all cozy I need to offset the grandpa
look because I have oh yeah look at his
head and protector and suspenders so we
need to shush it up a little are we
thinking just stress to jean jacket
because there's corduroy on the collar
and my panther corduroy or something
like this these greens come out together
I mean I don't know because your shirt
underneath looks it's the same I would
probably do the brown jacket it's hot in
here because of that that's true I have
that thing
she's pretty fired up so I don't know
you definitely need one or at least just
to bring
okay yeah I like it
we found a brunch spot
super cute
we're sitting on this like patio type
things do you think that have tried to
yeah maybe this is the menu but the
barista yeah
[Music]
it is sunset just about sunset we are
going to grill our own food now
burgers pork chops I think there's live
music
we've got sangria like look what what
else do you need a little bit more all
right let's do some that that poor
[Music]
not bad not bad spell a time or any by
the look of it okay how amazing this
dinner set up the sunset yeah you can I
mean you're not well actually you can
again we're grilling we've got all the
ingredients to grill right here I think
they're gonna show us what we need to do
because they're the professionals here
but yeah super pretty we didn't get to
enjoy this the first night because it
was raining so I'm glad the last night
worked out
[Music]
okay this is our situation right now got
potatoes broccoli yeah situation right
there we're gonna make s'mores in our
little fire can you hear it
I don't know I'll find out in editing I
can hear it now if that isn't a fire I
don't know what is you just saw the
dysmorphia ying they bring us either
coffee or tea along with these cute
whole they are gluten-free
I'm gonna call him a cookie pretty big
though
they are super super good I mentioned
this on my Instagram but I will not be
buying it he did blanket because every
food in the bathroom are you for real no
I have never
lounge in a bed so much in my life the
blankets are heated or the whole bed is
basically heated and it is so
comfortable and it's freezing outside
especially at night which means all I
want to do is lay in this bed and just
be cozy
we're making s'mores now a so kindly
provided us with some orchids which is
super ideal
[Music]
all right we're all packed up and
leaving I'm so sad
did you have fun I did I'm now one with
just this time not all of major justice
[Music]
