[Music]
what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so as you can tell today's video
is going to be a winter try on clothing
fashion haul and I'm really excited
about all the things I'm gonna show you
guys it's stuff I'm gravitating towards
this winter season it's getting a much
colder in New York so this is kind of
stuff I'm gravitating towards we also
have a trip coming up next month that
all the stuff is gonna be perfect for so
I really wanted to get this haul video
up now so you guys could see all the
items that I'm really excited about and
then I'm gonna style them and get really
excited about it all over again
but I hope you guys enjoy it get some
fashion inspiration like always that I
hope you get from my fashion videos but
yeah let's get started so the first
thing is actually what I'm wearing I
wanted to get this out of the way so I'm
actually wearing it but it is just so
cozy so you can't really tell but it's
like a two-piece you guys will see in
the cutaway Clips a two-piece sweat suit
sweater suit type of thing it is just so
cozy and soft and warm I was really
excited because it's actually from the
Olivia culpo collection at express this
is not sponsored but you guys know that
I love her style I gravitated to mainly
this peep this set in the clothing
collection a lot of it is very sporty
more like tracksuit suit style things
which is not totally my style but this I
can get down with I love it I thought it
would be really perfect to it not only
just like lounger on the house in but
also wear to the airport the sweater
itself is really cute so I plan on
styling that with some jeans so the next
items I was gonna go buy store but I
think I'm gonna go buy style because
they're all I'm gonna say the same thing
about everything all of them but they're
t-shirts they're basically graphic tees
so two of them I got from Urban
Outfitters one is like a NASA and one is
kind of like this reminds me of like a
camp tee Rocky Mountain National Park
and then this one is from ASOS and it's
like a galaxy print and why I love these
especially for the winter these are
going to be great no matter that what
the season but I just think that they're
really really easy I love just kind of
like these graphic tees tucked into some
jeans with like a belt and then a bunch
of jewelry
I just find it to be a very easy outfit
and sometimes in the winter especially
if you live in a cold climate like I do
or colder climate you just don't want to
spend too much time on your outfit you
don't want to wear this like really cute
blouse because you're gonna freeze
so having stuff like this that's easy to
layer is amazing so layering this with
either like a sweater cardigan or like a
big jacket a scarf it's just really easy
and then when you get to a restaurant or
wherever you're going you're not like
sweating because you're in like a big
big sweater and it just looks cute no
matter what so I've been loving graphic
tees or just like plain tees in general
of course it wouldn't be a winter
clothing haul if there weren't sweaters
in the speak clothing haul because it's
like what else do you wear in the winter
besides t-shirts and sweaters but I
thought I would talk about a few so
let's go with the most fun one because a
lot of the stuff is kind of plain but
this I got off of Urban Outfitters I
actually found this in the store it was
on sale I believe there wasn't too many
of them left I've seen this kind of all
over the place I feel like a lot of
people have this style sweater but I
like it because it's not just a plain
sweater it has the striped sleeves it
has the kind of like neutral color
stripes going down the front it's just
going to be really fun for me to style
instead of just more of like a plain
sweater which it was what I have next
but I thought this was really fun I also
really liked the colors they were not
too crazy or too bright which I don't
wear a lot of anyways the next sweater
is from ASOS and I was really excited
about this because I've been looking for
a sweater like this for a while because
I had like a few ideas on how I wanted
to style it
but it is a wrap sweater you can't
really tell with me holding it up but
it's just this basically like neutral
oatmeal beige color
it came with a tie on its own but I
really like to belt these I think that
they're really really flattering they're
so cozy and comfy because it's just kind
of like you're wearing like a shrug
you're like it's like a blanket but then
it looks really really cute so I like to
belt them I'll use the belt that they
gave or like that comes with the sweater
but I just think this is really easy and
this is kind of in the
wintertime this is when I gravitate
towards Berets or a lot of accessories
to kind of dress up my winter outfits
okay hopefully the lighting didn't
change my apartment was trying to test
me all the set of my heaters started
being weird and wind and whatever so I'm
back so one thing I find myself not
getting a lot of during the winter time
are just like cute tops I gravitate
towards t-shirts and sweaters and just
like unique fun jackets way more because
that's what you see and just tops I just
find them to be annoying in the winter
but I saw this on revolve and I
gravitated towards it I really like the
plaid I think the plot is what got me
it's a little Christmasy but I can work
with it I feel like plot is a very
winter print I just to me when I see
plaid I associate I'm gonna overuse the
word cozy it's gonna be ridiculous but I
just think of like winter and like I
don't
okk I'm sounding like an idiot but you I
think you guys understand what I'm
getting at anyways I like the high neck
I feel like that drew me to it a little
bit more also because I can wear it with
a jacket and not completely freeze but
yeah I think it's really cute it's great
for those times where you want to dress
a little bit nicer and you don't want to
wear a sweater if I go out at night this
is a really cute option I also saw
online that they have the model where it
okay these trucks are really trying to
kill me today so what I was saying is I
also saw online they modeled it this way
like they have the model wear it
backwards you know if I'm going for like
a little low V situation and I want to
like jazz it up I can do that so I
purchased a new jacket which is new for
me because if you follow me just like on
Instagram or like even my vlogs
sometimes my outfit of the weeks I buy
like one new jacket a year I really like
to reuse my jackets I find staple pieces
and that's it like this one I've had
four since I moved to New York so like
four years and I just find pieces that I
really love so anyways I was on ASOS and
I saw this and I really really really
liked it I like the plaid it's like a
very very small I feel like it's
actually more like
to than plaid I don't know but I like
the brown color I don't have a brown
like shearling style jacket I only have
like tan or like beiges but I just
thought this was really cute I don't
know I like it I feel like styling with
a beret which I'm going to get to in a
second but I love that kind of stuff in
the winter having just like a simple
sweater even something like this
underneath it this is a very bulky very
heavy and like just like warm which is
crucial so I feel like before fashion or
before accessories I'm gonna go into
shoes because I have two new pairs of
shoes I want to share with you guys so
the first um yeah okay so I never
thought I would jump on this whole like
dad sneaker trend and I just I feel like
I'm not still like these aren't as bulky
as they could be but hi this is what
they look like um so I feel like they're
a mix between like a classic running
shoe and like the dad sneaker so I
really liked them I also really liked
them because they were affordable I got
them off of ASOS but they're the brand
public desire I believe so you can get
them like on your on their own site um
if they don't have them on Asus anymore
addressing obvious they are total like
Balenciaga knockoffs but I feel like all
of the affordable dad sneakers now are
because I feel like they started that
trend that could be wrong don't come for
me just I think that's what it is but I
can't get myself to spend that much
money on a dad shoe I just I don't even
know if these are gonna be cool by the
springtime which makes me think like why
would I spend that much money on a
Balenciaga shoe that I don't know I'm
gonna wear like if it was a black bootie
sign me up
you know I love black booties but I am
I'm excited to style these I have yet to
wear them I'm curious if I'm gonna like
them but I wanted to put them in this
hall because you're gonna be seeing them
and also if you were looking for a
trendy shoe like this that's not crazy
expensive I found it for you
um I am going to bring these on my trip
they're really great I feel like Airport
yes walking around being a tourist yes
they're not gonna kill your feet for the
most part so I'm excited I think these
are gonna look good we will see but I'll
keep you updated okay so next pair of
shoes are a splurge item for me you guys
know I rarely rarely talk about designer
things on there and I think you know
what if you have money and you want to
spend it on that kind of stuff go for it
I am NOT dogging you on that and I hope
nobody does that to me either but these
are not like crazy I actually got them
on sale they look like these they're by
coach I was actually really surprised
because I have not bought something from
coach in a very very long time let alone
clothing or even choose like I don't
know I just never think to look on that
site but I was looking in specific for a
pair of lace-up booties like this and on
Google these popped up and I was like
whoa I love them they're giving me
vintage vibes they're giving me
Reformation it's just all of the good
things they also gave me a little witch
vibes but I kind of like it I'm just
really excited about these the heel is
not big which amazing because it's just
gonna be a really great everyday shoe
steer clear of these obviously in the
snow but I mean black booties go a long
way so I'm really excited about these I
wanted to them and include them in case
you guys were looking for a similar
style I just think the lace ups are so
unique and so fun I have nothing like it
moving on to accessories I you already
know I feel like every haul I include a
hat and it's a real problem that I have
but I just have to it's not a joke with
my friends because I think I own every
color of beret now and this looks
ridiculous because I'm literally in all
gray but hi I bought a great beret I
have all the neutrals and then red
I think berets are amazing I love hats I
don't know why I feel more confident in
hats I love taking pictures and hats I
love
wearing hats they save my hair they're
just great and I love them so I needed a
gray one went on ASOS is so super
inexpensive and I'm gonna bring this a
black and a tan one on my trip and also
it's just I just feel like they're
essentials if you like these type of
hats or haven't yet to try one please do
because I feel like you'll love them so
yeah hopefully this is the last hat in
one of my hauls for a while and lastly
we have a scarf
okay so scarves are great during the
winter and I think you guys are all well
aware of that if you live in a cold
climate but this one I loved this is
again like a plaid print but it's
neutral it's a very low-key plaid print
it's just it's a perfect everyday scarf
this goes with every single jacket or at
least every single solid color jacket
you could ever own I don't know I just
think scarves are great for the winter
they add warmth they're cozy they're
easy to wear this one isn't crazy bulky
either which is great I have one from
Zara that's just like a huge blanket
scarf which is nice but this one's just
a little bit more compact and it goes
with a lot more so I'm really excited
about but that concludes my haul I
really hope I have a fuzz on my nose
okay but that concludes my haul I really
hope you guys enjoyed it and it got some
new fashion ideas for the winter I know
winter fashion can just kind of be blah
I hope I even had enough stuff in this
haul to make a video but I just think
the main thing is just finding stuff
that's easy to wear that's easy to style
and that you can layer and feel really
comfy and cozy that's like my motto in
the winter so I hope you guys got some
new ideas for at least how to maybe
style or what to look for if you're
shopping for a little upgrade in your
closet but yeah thank you as always for
watching and I will see you all in my
next video bye
