[Applause]
[Laughter]
okay what's up guys and welcome back to
my channel as you can see we have a
special guest which I've never been on
my channel like this like it's a dumb
video we were all talking about it I
mean I feel like you know who these
people are I feel like I don't need to
introduce but in case I do we've got
Kara Carey Julia yeah so this has been
hasn't requested for a while now a lot
of you guys wanted to see kind of like a
QA or just us kind of talking about how
we met advice friendship things I don't
know I feel like you guys have been
seeing a lot of friend things on my
channel lately since all of the wedding
content and I've just been vlogging a
little bit more so I've been getting
more and more questions about it that's
gonna be fine we've got mimosas very
fitting your questions we're gonna dig
deep
okay so the first one I think that we're
gonna answer just because it's probably
the most commonly asked and that's how
we met so I feel like I'm gonna let
Carrie this is gonna date back here
let's go in order of how it happened
yeah okay so Karen I grew up together
we're from the same hometown I'm gonna
tie school together we met summer before
freshman year yes so we were what 14 15
yeah so six now so so yeah we've been
messin forever and I always wanted to
move to New York so I did Julia and
college at MIT and we ended up actually
rooming together one semester I actually
met tasks on the internet through like
Twitter I think you saw some videos like
I'm gonna I also YouTube was so
different and like infinite scrambles
even around and it just like yeah but we
talked about half the size what do you
mean
yeah probably broke she's not around the
time I was in college so I was I think
my third year I was a junior and yeah
she reached out and I think we like had
a common interest of like one direction
uh-huh boy bands and stuff like that she
found out I lived in like Chicago she
grew up in Wisconsin so I'm I was in
Minnesota yeah and I was like oh I think
I don't know why we were talking mayor's
maybe there's like a concert there are
sounding literally tweeted that I was
going to One Direction concert in
Chicago and you're like oh you're from
there and it just kind of like we're
gonna can happen he had met in Chicago
and then we like kept in touch just like
over social media and I was about to New
York a lot for just different like brand
trips and stuff and she was obviously
going to school here
so we would just like meet up and like
get dinner drinks or whatever and that's
also how I met Julia that's when I would
come to New York she obviously was her
roommate and then we would just like all
slowly hang out and then Cara also I
knew you just because it's Carrie yeah
yeah there was I mean we were friends
for sure but like a bonafide friendship
didn't happen until they were physically
we're all physically here together and
it kind of ties into this question which
I thought was I only am really including
it because we actually have a photo of
the first time all four of us ever hung
out I'll insert it here we film what
were there for Carrie's 22nd birthday
I flew in and surprised her and Karen
came in and her sister came and that was
like the first time all four of us hung
out and we have pictures of it which i
think is just really cute what do we do
oh yeah about jobs I mean you guys know
what I do so I'm going to let them take
it away I work for Macy's I'm in the
buying office and like the whole
department I work at a membership like
community place called mama I'm the
membership manager there and I am a
private chef like small version of what
we're not gonna get into details in this
video will be super one yeah I feel like
a lot of the questions where if we've
ever fought or gotten to Vegas by and I
feel like we've never collectively like
as a group got into a fight with each
other but like individually people will
have like tips with each other but
nothing crazy like we haven't had
anything we live together work together
it's as a layer we've been living the
other for too many years how many years
now hey for ya it's a long one I can
live without but you your 22nd birthday
oh no because you're most likely to
fight would be Carrie and Julia just
because they live together and then
apples okay we better all a lot and then
after it's you and me then it's me Kara
I'm a problem specifically Carrie and I
will talk about all these X's and then
I'll not about Patrick you guys
obviously know love him but I always get
these comments and I got a question
about it and it was me read it word for
word it said do you ever get a little
jealous of how close Pat is with all of
the girls and this is something I feel
like I've always wanted to try on a
video because the banter fate and
Instagram comments too but I feel like
Julie has never really gotten in the
comments love Cara and Kari get them a
lot and it's like kind of insinuating
that there's too flirty or too close to
Patrick's which which I just think is so
absurd and I got another one that was if
your friends didn't like your husband
what would you do I could not tell my
husband
okay this annoys me for a few reasons
because I feel like and I don't want to
come off rude but I feel like you have
the wrong friends if you are worried
about your friends flirting with your
significant other or your husband and if
that's ever happened to you I'm so sorry
like that's so shitty I've heard horror
stories of that happening to people but
I think you just have to surround
yourself with people that you really
trust like I trust my husband and I
trust my best friends and I think it
would be miserable if my friends didn't
have a relationship with him obviously
friends relationship I just think that
them posting photos or hanging out with
them we should not insinuate anything
other than that they're friends of it
just because he's a dude doesn't mean
that they automatically like him like
all those photos of Louie or Josh and
it's not like I'm trying to get with
them so Pat is also just like a very
friendly guy I think he's just he always
wants to be around us - well not always
you just kind of a unit we're like a
family here so if you are ever feeling
you can't have a boyfriend that talks to
your friends get new friends or get a
new boyfriend because having people
because something's marriage yeah
something's not right it's so much
happier I promise you you have such a
better and more successful relationship
with not only your friends but with your
significant other if you really truly
like trust them and trust everyone
around and like take that as something
like a checklist of some things in your
relationship a mess totally made
specifically and sorted for you um
I became Jessie's go to friends and pack
really at the same time I did with time
I mean whether like Tess was like a
lifelong friend and then all of a sudden
I got really close to her boyfriend like
I really got to know them as people and
friends at the same time so I got to
know Pat as my own friend separate from
tasks being a friend my friend as well
that make sense but that's also kind of
the way path personality is it's like he
wants to be friends with everyone yeah
and to establish these off to these like
personal
elation ships and not just be like the
husband or yes the boyfriend that's
around yeah rhenium a solid piece to the
friend group and you can't have a solid
piece of defender that not everyone is
being like yeah you know involved in I
mean obviously you lovely love and
sometimes there's moments where you know
maybe your friends don't get along or
your husband might not only like your
friends but you know I don't know I
guess I never lasted with somebody long
enough for that to be a thing yeah but
that was really something I valued when
looking for a partner I guess I wanted
him to like my friends and my family
knew how important your friends yeah
yeah and so just something to maybe
consider if yeah you are looking for the
same thing but I think that's a good you
know segue is another kind of boy
comment we get a lot and that's with
Cara and John oh boy I get this question
well absolutely I'll get this Cotta like
on the low but you tell me ask us yeah a
lot and I guess and I question is like
it's awesome Karis together we're still
together
or did we date or I ship Kara and Josh
and I could answer these questions every
single time I see that but that would
mean I'm it's just like this always
answering them so it's just better to
answer it in one big fell swoop yes we
dated we dated for four years back in
Milwaukee Wisconsin where we met then we
moved to New York together and we broke
up about four months after moving to New
York so over two years ago now we've
been totally broken osku and also in
concern in the truck don't ask her why
like just because broke up no one she
doesn't need to talk about it she don't
have a public relations but the most
important part of that is and like all
you need to know is that there's no bad
there also rags literally are all
ex-friend yeah and that's the second
most question I get is how do you do it
and like people want advice on like how
you stay friends with an axe or how do
you keep your friend group so intact and
my easy answer for that was when we
broke up I obviously well not obviously
I visited New York
I fell in love with it and at the time I
was dating Josh so I wanted him so badly
to move with me here and so when he did
it and then we broke up so shortly after
that I felt awful because I knew these
people and I was introducing him to my
friends at the time now they're all were
all each other's friends but I very very
much forced and like persuaded all of
you to just keep hanging out with Josh
like I never wanted him to feel alone I
wanted him to like feel like he had a
place here and I feel like he had
friends and not like regressing backs if
you move across the country and that was
so important to me he's also the best
guy you're like this sweetest heart
great guy so easy to be yeah you're
awesome
yeah yeah so that's my way there it's a
yesterday your ladies so for a lot of
you guys obviously you know I'm married
and not really in the dating game but
you guys know we had a club that for
Sanger she owes them heroes
he's like us time here people I think
they're God's pop these girls can chat
about dating in New York a little bit
dating in New York is everything I
thought it wouldn't be when I so true
think that it's gonna be I mean I don't
have to meet people anywhere and like
this like oh my god there's a plethora
of my gosh that's not how it works
when I was back home in Chicago I would
be like these girls how are they having
like a trouble like meeting guys and
then you're talking about us yeah oh
yeah and then I get here I'm like oh
that's right and I was saying unless
you're the most social butterfly you're
not saying hi to like guys that you meet
on the train or the subway
on the street corner so you're gonna
force to meet people through friends
which happens but not every other
weekend
or you're on dating apps and I think we
all are you we all are yeah it's gonna
test obviously but it's I mean it's very
difficult here I have a lot of failures
there's a lot of funny ones I think the
issue too is because there's like so
many people here it's like it's hard to
like it's just everybody's like always
so focused on like themselves and like
yes everybody's so busy all the time you
having so fasiq the back seat there's so
many options like wonders like the pool
is huge so it's almost like you have too
many options and it which is like you
don't behind exactly to the team what
you want and you don't you don't like
okay well you know yeah however more
million people I actually love going on
date yes yeah you do but it's just like
also right now priorities are just like
work and like these guys yeah and that's
another part of it is like yeah what
every time I don't spend it like yeah
swiping on tinder Bumble right if I want
to date it's gonna be a weeknight yes I
will not be I my weekends day because
that's what I yeah I'm here yeah you
have to like prioritize I mean a young
same goes for even Patrick and I was
just saying this week like we go on
dates during the week I was like a
couple because the weekend is like
friends yeah you make feel like we all
kind of deal that way yeah I really can
tell these girls meet like the one or at
least someone that they're like okay we
can you know bring him around then it'll
be like a match situation but otherwise
it's pretty separate like I don't you
don't even feel like we're not meeting
all these guys right away so yeah we're
all single I'm single my number is
my address next questions that we were
getting a lot are just like tips and
advice on making real friends key
qualities and finding genuine and
sincere friendship those kind of
questions so I feel like first of all
well just like with any friendship
you're having fun but you can trust and
honesty is so important so I feel like I
mean there's nothing I can say to you
girls yeah and it don't even takes a
second to get to that point you know
like it's not like you don't mean Chevy
and how about aliens okay so it feels
like it's not gonna happen right away
were you like all of a sudden we just
have a best friend that you can like
Cole you know right I feel like that's a
good point to make because like a lot of
her I feel like a lot of people think we
just like we're instantly best friends
yeah when we met like know obviously
they developed a friendship through high
school
Carrie and Ida and Julie and I did Julia
and Kara Kara and I liked it all was
very separate we didn't all meet and
we're like yes this guy is Breanna best
forever it just kind of like over time
became a thing like once you get to a
certain age I feel like now I'm like I
know what I wanted a friend and they're
not gonna settle for anything less and
I'm not gonna apologize for surrounding
myself with people that I surround with
like you can't please everyone and you
can't you know make I don't know I don't
know how to wear it properly but I just
think I think it makes sense what you're
saying yeah and you're you don't have to
be best friends with every person neat
yeah like I think it's just you have so
much like at this point in like from
this perspective it like an older image
like you understands like you were
saying exactly like what you are looking
for in front and like it's not always
about like having the most fun
I feel like you've been like middle
school in high school like you just
wanted to have so many friends and like
the more you have the better video yeah
a bit where I was like the older you get
you like you have your priorities change
and like these are the people that
you're gonna be surrounding yourself
with and like your biggest like moments
and we all moved away from our homes
where you grew up so we are down there
sending our friends and I think that
specifically for our group is a large
part of it and the reason why we are so
dependent of each other it sounds like
things so close we this is all we have
here and New York can be really hard and
there's jobs that suck and problems in
like that like I just feel like it's if
there's another layer to it because of
the city we live it yeah and I think you
should look at a friendship too and make
you like step back and evaluate it and
if it's something that's easy then you
know you have a really good friend like
obviously relationships take work no
matter whether it's like a romantic
relationship or a friend relationship
but I feel like if you're really
struggling to like be a good person
around somebody or you're struggling to
like you make my friends I will work or
I don't feel good around these ppl like
you just feel you don't feel 100%
yourself that I feel like maybe you know
they might not be the best friend you
have you know and you will find it it
takes a while funniest drunk story we
have this story ready queued everybody
to go through the Denver State only
funny who wants to tell it Carrie went
through a phase where she would dance
like if we put on a song buttons by
Pussycat Dolls she would like so we were
has this random like you know party
didn't even know these people and when I
say house pretty it was not like a big
bummer there was our group and then like
max 10 other people I don't know how we
got control of the music but we put on
buttons by this again
and like hair you know stops under
traffic or like this is my song she was
wearing a button-down shirt so she
starts you know musics coming whatever
eyes are on Carrie and she starts like
unbuttoning her sure she just like a
couple buttons and she was like
literally like when I'm swaying like
this is like what she was doing a little
wall was just like grinding up on this
wall and she's like the song is
progressing and she gets lower and lower
on the wall and that's some way she like
there was a Glade plugin it like a
breath air freshener I get into the wall
and carrot like was going down the wall
and like almost like sat on it to like
it like popped out of the wall and like
as soon as that happened the entire like
electricity and the perfect light will
shut off she shorted out this entire
apartment by like sitting on a Glade
plugin it was just such a funny night
because Carrie sound like one of those
alarms like like a emergency alarm I
guess he plays makes a cute little bear
lab boy yeah and it's like if you ever
get her in trouble you pulled our
connect to you that yeah safety thing so
she had one of those in her purse and at
some point it got like pulled in like
the alarm was going off but it wasn't
loud enough for us like really know what
it was like muddled because it's in your
purse so we're like what we had left
this apartment by the time we had walked
out of the door was already going off we
thought it was in the hallway of this
apartment building yes and then we're
like we believe we're walking down the
street and really still hear the sound
in the net like up there right I'm not
kidding at least probably five minutes
went by and Carrie just stops dead in
her tracks and starts losing her mind on
it she pulls it up
da I think with Josh that goes is it
coming from your bad carrot Josh was
there yeah it's like is it is it coming
from your bad Carrie and I was like no
like what
no and they're like look at it I opened
up the zipper and it just got WAY
laughter we randomly decided to start an
Instagram page together but it's not
like normal Instagram it's like a fenced
almost really embarrassing with Jack
yeah everything about our group shot
that's unfiltered funny and funny and
because I didn't has a joke and then I'm
gonna check the Union Soliday that's how
that Instagram linked below
it's called lady's feed states will get
into the whole reason why it's called
that so I thought with our group chat
name for a while there still is so if
you want to follow that we've been
getting a lot of glove and that's kind
of what sparked this whole queue and I a
lot of people are asking for it so if
you already are following that thank you
so much for always commenting and
linking on that consistent it's really
lucky for us and we just love it so um
yeah I was have not only not but all of
their individual Instagram accounts
linked below and yeah thank you so much
for watching I hope you guys liked it
and I'll see you in the next video bye
