what's up guys welcome back to my
channel so today's video is going to be
a wedding series video and this is
actually the second to last wedding
series sad but we are officially at the
three week mark three week mark yeah I
can't believe how fast that went I am
still like freaking out that I have
three weeks until I get married like
that's insane
so obviously last week was the month
mark the and that's when they tell you
you should get your hair and makeup
trial so that's exactly what I did I
flew back to Minnesota and I got my hair
and makeup done so that's what you're
gonna see in this video I've logged some
behind-the-scenes clips so you can see
how that process worked or at least how
it worked for me so first I got my
makeup done and I was really excited
about this because I have been following
Heather on Instagram for a while she's
probably one of the first vendors I
booked because I wanted to get her so
bad for makeup she just did such a nice
job from leave so I could tell on her
Instagram so I was excited to get that
done and makeup I feel like can be super
stressful as a bride because you're used
to doing your makeup yourself every day
right you know your face you know what
it looks like you know how it looks good
and obviously you guys know that being a
youtuber we've done set work or a lot of
us have where we go on sets and film
with different brands or whatever and
I've had some nightmare makeup
experiences so and your wedding day is
just one of those days where you just
want to feel pretty and if all of a
sudden you look like not like yourself
you don't feel good
that's like worst case scenario so I do
think having a makeup and hair at trial
is super important before your wedding
day because trust me after I had both of
these trials I feel so much better
because I just feel like I can wake up
and be like in their hands and I'll feel
good so that's exciting so you're gonna
see makeup first I knew instantly what I
wanted for makeup I wanted to keep it
like my everyday makeup but elevated
very natural very easy keep it
smoky matte Browns I didn't want any
shimmer nothing like crazy pink or like
I don't know
sparkly like that's just not me so I
knew I wanted to keep it pretty simple
matte eyes smoked out liner nude pinky
lip and she did a good job so
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
oh my gosh okay sorry
[Music]
I like it from what I can see the eyes
are perfect okay
for highlighting we are highlighting
[Music]
yeah I loved it browse Oh
it's literally one of the first things
like not it's not cute or that and like
send it to my mother
yeah okay thank you there's mother I
love my brows and then when do you leave
me day up um probably when you when I'm
like like ready yeah I mean I could come
no no no I don't know do you have to do
it yeah you'll be the last thing I check
on okay Frank girl yeah we're looking
for getting pretty good you know Mario
said Ivanovich no wait goodbye Marie
never never gonna do stuff that he uses
like five dresses
yeah all different sizes I get it now
I'm like really blending the highlight
blending the contour letting the blood
sugar blending everything else clean
final blend and yeah you think I don't
love it
she killed it nailed it Heather's the
best I will have all her info below
because I'm so excited about it looks so
good I'm not gonna first oh my gosh I
know look at her cute dog he's just been
trying watching us do makeup hey baby
no show cute so the next day I did hair
and for hair I when I was looking for a
hair stylist I creeped on their previous
work because my biggest criteria is if
you can do a messy beachy wave the way
that at least I really like then I'm
like you're in because I really I know a
lot of my bridesmaids really want this
like messy beachy hair and we didn't
want anything too uniform or crazy tight
curls or anything like that so I found
Kayla and she is great so for hair this
one I was very unsure and I still am
unsure on what I want to do for my hair
so today's hair trial day
I showered have my hair clean and I'm
gonna go get my hair done I don't really
know what I want with makeup I knew
instantly what I wanted so I have a few
photos I'm going to show her I do want
it up I'm almost positive I want it up
maybe I'll change my mind but I'm almost
positive I want it up low messy so we'll
see what she comes up with like I said I
have a couple in slow photos I'm also
going to show her some of the bridesmaid
photo hair photos that a lot of the
girls are leaning towards so it's gonna
be a fun day that is what I'm doing so
when you're like yeah roomies people
like
it's probably when I look back to the
makeup because his face he makes when
you're getting your makeup and you're
like oh you know just like the resting
face and you're not thinking about it
yeah how do you feel like you're here
hold
I think yeah all pretty fatty yeah okay
I'm kind of feeling like I'm seeing that
already yeah I'm almost wondering it for
the day of we want to go a little bit
more aggressive us on the back
[Music]
okay let's finish my chair she's amazing
all her details below but I absolutely
love it she took a little back video and
photos so I was able to show you guys so
pretty so now obviously I'm back and
both the hair and makeup we've done some
tweaking since there's a few things
we're going to switch up with the makeup
not a lot and then the hair I'm back and
forth on either if I want to stick with
that hairstyle which I absolutely loved
it's gonna look so great with my dress
and then also it's just like perfect for
a veil I'm really excited about it and
it's gonna keep it out of my face off my
neck it's just great or we're gonna try
a half-up half-down situation so yeah
you guys will see what I end up choosing
and what I feel the best in both of them
are so great and so good at like
catering to what I want and what makes
me feel good they're just both amazing
so if you're in the Minnesota area
highly recommend those too so yeah that
is the hair and makeup trial
I also chatted with specifically Kayla
because the makeup is pretty much the
same for the rest of the girls but for
the hair a lot of the bridesmaids are
doing their hair down we're doing like
baby's breath scattered in their hair
it's gonna look so pretty I cannot wait
for you guys to see it
it is almost here I feel like I taught
and I have just like this has been a
long process so I'm excited to get to
the day of we're just really anxious now
we want to get to it so the next video
in the next wedding video you will see
you'll see videos before that but the
next wedding video you see we I will
literally upload the day before I get
married so I'm very excited I hope you
guys are too thank you so much for
watching and yeah bye guys
