oh man Andrew this is just it's not this
is not good for the calls brother yeah
the progressive movement is took a hit
ad you man
hey come on now your mama raised you
better than that don't you got a wife
and kids at the house come on man
be responsible okay this would happen
real grown man and what you doing out
one o'clock in the morning with a bunch
of gay bodybuilders
naked allegedly all right let me tell
you out what happened now EMS was called
to a hotel room in Miami Florida yeah
and when he got there they found ank you
kill him there he wasn't fully naked and
they found two other naked dudes in the
room they was fully naked yeah now I'm
thinking Andrew he might have had his
watching some socks on yeah but I think
of not being fully naked I got my socks
on yes I get down to Andrew when I did
down with the wife yeah I keep my socks
on cause my feet get cold I don't like
to have my feet all cold man dad you
said he showed up at this hotel one
o'clock in the morning because he had a
friend that was having a medical
emergency
yeah that's why Ms showed up but turns
out when the cops got there
yeah they found blood and feces on a bed
do you know what that means right
somebody got hard allegedly
yeah Andrew you showing up trying to
help a friend it's a need why you ain't
got no clothes on why these two men
ain't got no clothes on what one of
these men is a gay prostitute yeah he's
actually a gay escort the dude didn't
needed help he's making all conjugate in
the gym huh yeah no straight man poses
like this this is something a woman
would do all right look here look here
let's calm down everybody calm down you
know Obama actually endorsed this dude
when he's running for governor yeah
Obama endorsed this man this dude was a
democratic star in the making which is
weird because Obama won't even don'ts
Joe bide yeah but she who an endorsed a
meth head allegedly well he claims he
doesn't do meth he claims he was drunk
well it did very least you're drunk
it's a very least you're not fit to
serve two people you're drunk
look soon as I heard this story yeah I
thought of Marion Barry y'all memnet
mayor for DC they caught him in a room
doing crack and he had a woman in the
room yeah I wish now wish we had those
Democrats nowadays
yeah the Democrats back in those days
was not too bad aunt used to progress
the version in there yeah he's doing
meth and having gay sex allegedly I
don't even care if you're gay yeah I
mean it'll make no bomb don't make it
doesn't bother me not one bit it's none
of my business how you get off in the
bedroom what I don't like is yeah you're
seeing it you on Twitter calling our
president immoral yeah what's that all
about who a grown man wife and kids you
so drunk when the cops showed up you
came and talked this blood and feces on
the bed just two naked body builders on
em which means you can see their jewels
in front of everybody and why you'd have
almost naked with your socks on one
o'clock in the morning help a friend let
me I helped your friend almost naked
what the hell kind of help you try to
give them allegedly
I'm just waiting for that body cam fleet
oh man and shout out the candy Solon's
for breaking this story oh man she's
making America great again
hey this body cam footage don't think
that Jessie small that body cam footage
is crazy
went to y'all CDs that body cam footage
is gonna make America great again
[Music]
cuz you know this Trump train don't
start tail bait order please come try to
take my you wanna be ten I guess that's
what you do when you can't be and I'm
coming for you little my red
[Music]
