we have decided to issue warrants in
this case today one of the things that
we noted from our evaluation was that
mr. Brooks on the night of this incident
was calm he was cordial and really
displayed a cooperative nature but for
41 minutes and 17 seconds
he followed our instruction he answered
the questions mr. Brooks who was never
informed that he was under arrest for
driving under the influence
man that press conference was tough to
watch everything he came out his mouth
was alive calm and cordial it was a lie
by omission calming cordial I mean what
do you compare an r/a saw to a damn lion
and ripping a will to be supported in
fact if he's cordial all right to sim
when he's pissed off I mean that's funny
come and cordial he's anything but
common cordial punching a cop in the
face
taking his taser taking the Taser and
putting in a cop's face shooting it I'm
pretty sure if you get tased in the face
you're done yeah you're dead your brain
is fried you talking about
Rashard didn't know he was under arrest
really uh-huh
the cop said he had too much to drink
put your hands behind your back
this guy's been arrested for DUI before
I think he know how this works do you
think he needs to spell it out for him
now as far as charging these cups with
murder that is all bit of a stretch huh
it's a reach cops can use deadly force
when when that lives are at risk
no somebody else for somebody else's
life at risk Rashard has just shown
everybody especially the cops yeah he
doesn't care about in his body slice but
his own he punches a cop in the face
takes his taser posted taser at his face
okay he he shot it officer he missed he
continues running yeah if you're a
police officer
he is mr. Rashard Brooks yeah a threat
to anybody he rents into out in public
yeah he's
showed the cops he ain't going back to
jail yeah and race shorty showed
everybody he's gonna do anything in his
power to get away so it's the public at
risk yeah you saying the cops are not at
risk do anything about the general
public or anybody in that vicinity he
just shot a Taser and a cop into my
knowledge a Taser can shoot two to three
times you keep saying that he was not a
threat to those police officers you
didn't say anything about the public you
know Rashad was a threat to society from
the moment he left his house and with
the wind is at night he was drunk
thousands of people every year in this
country because of people like Rashard
you know and for you to say that cops
are not trained or they don't have the
authority to tase anybody in the back
when they're running or most certainly
you said they cannot shoot somebody in
the back that's another lie by omission
you're not giving people the full story
if you see somebody with a deadly weapon
or or and you think that there's
somebody in that percentage of the air
that this at risk our cop can most
definitely shoot you in the back with a
Taser or handguns even if you're running
away even if you run away I'm going down
people with our m16
I got a machete I can't clean shoot me
in the back if I pose a risk to anybody
in that area I mean it's gonna be up to
the jury I mean the graves gonna see all
this footage yeah this guy he has no he
he's putting everybody's life at risk
he wants to get away he's on parole he
has to deal why he doesn't want to go
back to jail he's just show what he's
capable of to the officers what he's
willing to do to get away so it's the
public at risk from this man the cops
just let him run away yeah just let him
run away he just told the taste that's a
daily weapon into my knowledge when I
look at this videotape I see that taser
go off one time
these cops do not have that luxury
everything is happening so fast
they got make split-second decisions
they have to be perfect when these
criminals in these thugs they can do
whatever they want
yeah damn that's the message you're
sending to criminals cops have to be
perfect
criminals you can do it if you want yeah
that's what y'all a preaching and that's
what y'all are telling people and you're
pretty much saying by you arresting
these cops nobody else life was at risk
the cops wasn't at risk and the public
was not at risk when Rashard Brooks look
we have the benefit of looking at
instant replay like this is the NFL yeah
they had to make these decisions on very
fast split-second decision is pumping
the guy just got punched in the face a
dude aim to taser him and shutting them
this all happened very fast outputting
these guys on a pistol like they're
robots they're human yeah if Ray Shaw
was human and he had any conscious he
would still be alive if he followed
directions you hold these two cops to a
threshold that nobody can live up to
most definitely ray Schalk can live up
to it he's been a criminal for life pass
that's time I defer in the police
yawning gotta do that these cops are
gonna start quitting and dog putting
their lives politicizing their lives
like this you're a district attorney and
you arrest these men
man just scum they just arrested they
just fired two police officers for using
a Taser when they shouldn't have said it
was a deadly weapon yeah mr. e sharp
Brooks had a Taser that's considered
deadly weapon no it's not a deadly
weapon because of criminals got about
when a cop to use it oh it's most
definitely a deadly weapon this is
disgusting yeah good on fuel horse twins
come and take you out of paint you're
not a t-shirt today yeah I mean give me
a 20% off just type in discount cold
Chinese virus we call it Chinese because
it's each other we making t-shirts great
again
yeah
[Music]
