public service announcement excuse me
if you ought to know this is the MSC and
frankly there's just too many white
people in here and this is a space for
people of color so just be really
cognizant of the space that you're
taking up because it does make some of
us plc's uncomfortable when we see too
many white people in here it's only been
open for four days and frankly there's
the whole University for a lot of y'all
to be at and there's very few spaces for
us so keep that in mind thank you hey
Wakanda did you learn anything during
Black History Month I know you heard of
is every February MLK gave everybody
specific instructions and you're
screwing it up he told you specifically
all people not just black just not just
white people black people you don't
judge people by the color their skin
he's judging by the content of their
character like I'm not gonna judge you
by the color your skin I'm gonna judge
you by the content of your Kirk you know
what the content of your character says
to me you're a black racist
you are black supremacist you might as
well go get a red KKK outfit and call
yourself Grand Wizard and cake a cake of
course there's no different from you
saying it in a white prison saying hey
uh look if you would've took the time
took the time took the time to study
black Hispanic tension during but you
would know Danny was wrong it should be
coming since yeah but it told everybody
it was wrong how white people used to
treated like people we couldn't sit in
the front of the bus we had to drink
from certain water fountains yeah we
could sit in certain areas in here in
2020 yeah you walked your black ass up
and now until white people they can't
sit here and I want to make some very
very clear not all white people back
then were racist there's a lot of good
white people that how you think the Jim
Crow laws got overturned
he has had to been some good white folks
voted that out majority white people
were good they didn't agree with that
yeah like the KKK not only did they hang
black people they hung white Republicans
yeah but but you know what's so sad
about this video yeah II think that
there's such a thing as white privilege
well that's of course that's what she
was thinking but look at the time and
preparation went to the speedo obviously
her and her friend came walking up and
they said look at all these damn white
people in here I feel uncomfortable so
she looks over at a friend they record
this worldstar worldstar worldstar
worldstar
yeah store imma let these people know
what's up gets up arrow says what'd you
just say it again after all that you
come sit down
throw that fake hair back and you got
this green a smile on your face like
just so pleased to yourself hey Wakanda
I hate to break it to you but white
people and not intruders they were born
here they're Americans did you know that
isn't that calling us I mean I know you
got a brain I know you didn't grow up
thinking if someone had to have taught
you this but you should know right from
wrong I don't care how you were raised
you should know morally that this is not
a separate look it's a motocross
Oh sinner yes what it means multi
cultural multicultural yes it means just
black folks and white people get the
hell out of you then well done cultural
means everybody I don't even see why
y'all have this laws section on the
University they ain't the University a
multicultural University everybody's
welcome
yeah and everybody calls this
progressive on the left this is natural
ggressive this is regressive and let me
break this down for you a condom there's
no such thing as white privilege you
mean to tell me just cause somebody's
white that means instant success they
just got the one success they just got a
show this is very white and late in two
hours but I dropped out of high school
but hey I need a job you think they
gonna get two job I just came from Salt
Lake City I saw at least 200 white
crackheads life is about making good
choices yeah and the choices you're
making
it's very bad let me stimutex up my
white privilige like of course Trump's
kids right there proves because their
daddy worked hard of course
LeBron's kids LeBron James his kids has
proved ya because he worked hard
yeah you know I'm saying nothing in his
life is guaranteed and I don't like this
white privilege because just because
maybe your daddy
you'll black daddy didn't stick around
for you and help raise you and he'll
provide for you oh oh the white people
got white privilege no they just got a
good daddy
yeah good foundation good foundation and
just because somebody might have be a
couple steps in front of you
economically does not mean you can't be
successful in America yeah we just had a
black president leading actors black the
leading comedian is black tell my
doctors black I mean when are you gonna
wake up and this video should prove to
everybody white privilege is just a myth
cuz if a white person got up and said
this oh they will be expelled
they begin deaf threats but nothing's
gonna happen to this black you know
what's blacker because there is black
privilege yes I said it
black privilege progressive privilege no
find out what nobody is white and that
right man will get up in front of button
in front of a multi-cultural Sun and
cite some like this they have to be
mentally incompetent something's gotta
be off Webster hey I got your word for
ignoramus
the word of the day kids is ignoramus
it means yeah dumbass that's what
you in you filled my seal I feel so
uncomfortable round white folks hey why
don't cha don't hate America so much if
you don't don't say it don't say don't
say what I know easygoing i'ma say it go
back where you came from no look what
he's trying to say is like if I felt
uncomfortable around white people yeah I
won't go to a country where's number
black people personally we're not
telling you to do that
yes heaven was you were joking right
yeah joking well I don't you move to
Kenya there's none but black folks yeah
you had a Congo it's done but black folk
you won't be enough you could be old
lootable Conda you being black paradise
you beat surrounded by a bunch of black
folk yeah but you know what going over
and play African for a while cuz you're
not African it was born here in America
you're on the Merc you're not African
nothing is a nationality that means you
were born in Africa you can be white in
Africa yeah you know that but you and
American weapons be black black shirts
and sister where Africa yeah you feel
uncomfortable in America cause all the
white people the country is 70% white
why don't you move to Africa I guarantee
you stay in Africa bout two weeks I bet
you gonna be running back to this place
begging to be back if you don't let me
back in sir you can change it to another
market yeah hey we got some new shows
coming we're going to Oklahoma City
Denver Colorado tip Arizona Brea
California Libertyville Illinois
Julianne illinois' Albany New York
Serkis New York Manchester Connecticut
San Jose California Irvine California
Des Moines Iowa Nashville Tennessee
trust feel Alabama balls Gap Tennessee
Memphis Tennessee Ottawa Ontario Toronto
Ontario Idaho Falls Idaho who is that
who fool can wash Brookley whiskers go
to horse twist or die comport tickets
