man just read the medical examiner's
report on why mr. fule had passed away
quite trying to say it was pre-existing
conditions said he had a bad heart he
had drugs in his system dead the cop
didn't kill him he had pre-existing
conditions that caused his death he died
because of that not because our 220
pound man was had his knee in his neck
for 10 minutes that's crazy
now that was done that's the finance of
the county medical examiner there didn't
Georgia right yeah tell you what let's
just put this theory to test yeah we
could even sell tickets to this event I
want to see this medical examiner yeah I
want you to come to my office me and my
brother go nil on you for 10 minutes
yeah I'm gonna put my knee in your neck
nine minutes we're gonna time it we're
gonna sell tickets and we're gonna see
this theory as if it's what you're
saying is true
you may tell me I can get into a car
accident with somebody yeah kill them
they die they sold the car accident kill
him they had a heart attack when I
killed yeah yeah no haste maker that
killed him the accident had nothing to
do with it yeah y'all don't really
trying to do this right now yeah that
cops reckless behavior and actions
caused the death of that man you don't
blame the victim because he has a
pre-existing condition he set them
pleaded with the cop that he couldn't
breathe are you trying to say his death
is own own Floyd because he had a bad
heart then maybe he had a virus oh
you're really gonna put this on Kovac
yeah you people are insane you do
anything anything to protect these
badass cops the man was on his chest for
over nine minutes yes he was handcuffed
he was no threat to anybody
you could've very easily stood him up
Galvez stayed on that man's neck until
he was he was already dead before and
y'all was still on this neck but a dude
wasn't shouting he wasn't even breathing
y'all was still on the man's neck yeah
y'all go really try to say pre-existing
conditions chill dis man so I can break
into somebody's house have a gun he sees
me he dropped dead of a heart attack
yeah I'm not at fault for that what he
had a bad heart I can walk I didn't kill
cool thanks man
that don't make no sense no logic no no
come on the floor family they gotta
independent yeah and they said due to
the nearness neck it was like a blood
flow to his brain you know I've never
been in medical school yeah I'm not a
doctor
yeah and I know what they did to this
man led to his death
yeah you got a medical exam examiner
cause a licensed dually college educated
professional and he's trying to say this
man died from pre-existing conditions do
you need to go get you you know what you
need to do you need to go back to your
universe get your money back because
they they ripped you off anybody in
sound mind and body
no the dis mass action did this police
officer kill this man you're actually
covering for this these four police
officers come on man I don't even know
what other three hasn't been arrested
yeah they all took part they had a duty
to act when he said he couldn't breathe
dad a duty to act you already got him
handcuffed there was no point in having
him on the ground like the man was
passed out
yeah was still alone but you didn't kill
him he had a pre-existing heart
condition now should y'all-y'all no
goodwill in y'all's training if somebody
has pre-existing issues yeah y'all
handle those arrests do responsible for
that well-being yeah you don't blame
them for their pre-existing conditions
you take that in consideration do you
arrest a man in a wheelchair
are you gonna put that man in the back
of the car with the wheel track know you
can make accommodation phone yeah or you
can try rest man will cry you gonna pull
them off the car
put them in a chokehold no you're gonna
handle things different man what
wouldn't when you go to the airport you
got damn oxygen you got hoses you got a
tank you're gonna take the oxygen from
so you can go through it know you'll
make accommodations for him no this is
this is straight BS y'all didn't have to
do any company he was already handcuffed
you shouldn't even been down there like
that for ten minutes how can you get to
duly licensed professionals once a
pre-existing in the other one say he was
died from asphyxiation I like a blood
flow sound like to me somebody trying to
get somebody off go to a fish some horse
twins come and take you out of patriotic
t-shirt today
yeah I mean to give you 20% off just
type in this Chinese virus but call it
Chinese because of some child we making
t-shirts great again
