well well well we got another another
dude who came to the liberal to the mob
the owner of the Washington risky I
thought you had some balls man
yeah how do you make all that money with
no balls yeah but anyway he decided he's
gonna change the Washington Redskins
name
he had NFL team when I always started
with watching Redskins I didn't ever I
mean I don't when I hear that name it
doesn't sound like they're trying to go
out of their way to disparage natives or
mark natives they chose that name
because they were seen as warriors I
mean if you own a but team you will be
seen as a warrior that's why they came
up with that name it wasn't the mock or
little any race John heck like the day
was called the Washington a son
right Court of Washington Coons yes see
those who disparage your name yeah did
they even call me Greg nobody says
anything about that right and on the and
on the helmet they got like a dude in
blackface yeah that's disparaging what
was so disparaging about the red skin
the best dispersion is the Dallas
Cowboys America's Team are they gonna
have to get rid of their name is Cowboys
disparaging to Texans
I mean if I was going into war I think I
would go with the what a Cowboys killed
all the onions I think a cowboy I think
somebody just what's wrong with you
those phones you may wait again cameras
rolling
I mean what are you gonna change it to
do a bit not be no progressive feminine
name it better be something like oh
that's a good name come up just ruin
that give me the greatest do you know
what it is what he changed maybe looking
for equality equality yeah he gonna
change the name to the Washington
transgender see that's what happened
did you gotta get equality
you better not do that that's crazy you
can sold your soul to the devil if you
do that Dad what's the name Schneider
yes that would his name what you gonna
call a man there's a great rivalry
between the Cowboys in in Nebraska's
what you're gonna calling them now man I
guess you just call them to Washington
Indians right same thing it's kind of
have a nice ring to them it's got a
sound way like rats keys old Redskins
are coming get your guns you ready to go
in the war that's why teachers name it
wasn't to belittle anybody did y'all
even ask the natives yeah how about the
Washington natives or the Washington
Indians that way
dad's Cowboys still will go up and whoop
that ass beat down them Indians right
come on man really yeah you got rid of
aren't you mama you gotta get rid of the
quick oats do you got to us a 1s arm
that's mocking white people white
battles some quick Oaks this ballooning
white folks know that's the little black
people cuz see those are what do you
call them Colonia started like slave
owner said he look like a slave owner I
think everybody needs to grab that
panties and rip them out of their butt
pick yourself up by your bootstraps and
grow a sect it's not racist it's only
raised about intent yeah it's all about
intent it's any racist is if it's to
mock or belittle somebody you get that
name washed and risk is big chose that
name because they were seen as warriors
who fought to the death that's why they
launched our boys whoop data that's why
they wanted them on their helmet yeah
that's why it wasn't to mock the natives
well I don't like Redskins anyway man I
don't like him either but now y'all have
a great opportunity to change your name
tool ha I see the Washington foreskins
there you go I mean were fee don't start
with the Redskins you got a look at all
the other names
hey I'm telling you right now I draw a
line did you miss the Cowboys I'm done
I'm in I'm out I might be done when they
start all this protesting I don't know
if I can take all right watch week 1
they can be planted black
national anthem a Nina I might even go
to a game and just take a knee there in
the blackness not my taking the Ummah go
buy me a ticket
I remember hold up a sign saying all
eyes man that's what I'm gonna do he did
after that the black national anthem so
when they played a real national anthem
a standing up tall put my hand on my
chest then after that I'm walking out
that's an expensive ticket yeah it's a
stupid protest - I'm starting sound
liberal anyway we're doing too much
there you're doing too much you're doing
too much
it's all coming from one side man he's
damn progresses they anything but
progressive that's why I just upcoming
election
it's very important y'all good on
official heart wins common pick you out
of patriotic t-shirt today yeah I mean
forgive me a 20% off just type in
discount cold Chinese virus but call it
Chinese because of some child we making
t-shirts great again
[Music]
