Donald Trump jr. went on the view today
right to promote his new book triggered
right penny triggered everybody I mean
if we're talking about bringing just
course down joy
you've worn blackface whoopee Lansky it
wasn't rape rape when he raped a child
so let's bring this up the question came
up I did not black face please she was
not in blackface sorry listen being
black I recognize blackface this I can
say now that you broken this piece of
ice because I guess this is the fight
you want about your questioning my
father's character I simply said that
when you're talking about that your
father's taken more heat than anybody
else that it's not so instead a lot more
heat than your father has taken at his
head they was so Kruger he didn't even
get to promote his damn book well do it
man I hate about this show man is
whenever they have a conservative phone
they never let them make a point man you
always talking over the person I hate
this show they don't listen did is talk
in you know just cause I like a bunch of
tackling is it what y'all call it our
view instead of the be right now first
of all y'all got Donald Trump jr. all
night and y'all gonna attack his dad's
character yeah yeah of what you're doing
yours attacking his character because
some of the controversial things he see
it yeah you don't think he's gonna
defend his father and when he defend his
father he brought up the
Pok recei y'all display freakin joy you
will blackface yeah right and you say I
didn't wear blackface well you went to a
Halloween party as an african-american
one that's blackface and you're white
you don't get to do that and the Whoopi
Goldberg you don't speak for black
people you do realize that right
so you give her a pass on nationwide TV
you make yourself look even more stupid
yeah you're a black woman yeah and you
definitely know what blackface is you
remember your boyfriend could tear dance
yeah that did comedy roast yeah what
he's roasting you in blackface yeah he
knows the worst of this is he dropped in
where would 13 times right what makes
this even worse it was Whoopi's idea she
wrote two jokes
so Don jr. brings this up
Holt ourselves at the same standard that
you're holding the president Yeah right
nobody's perfect that's all he's trying
to say any and that's all done from
juniors Chauncey nobody's perfect so
stop holding people higher stands that
you hold yourself like Whoopie when you
say it Roman Polanski that wasn't rape
rape was not charged I know it wasn't
rape rape and there is statutory child
molest maybe I was something else but I
don't believe it was rape rape but he
said he did he gave her quaaludes he
gave her a champagne she was drugged she
was 13 years old a 1:13 yo girl she was
drugged
and that's right not great right okay
you think about rape light somebody
taking it by force Patna assaulted and
didn't take it
yeah it's still rape if they put some
meaning knock you out
yeah this makes it easier yeah for you
to say that as a woman that is insane
rape rape you know nothing get tired is
y'all taking up prisoners ok duh
hypocrisy
look you man's a billionaire okay I'll
keep going back to the tape grab them
butter you know what let me tell you
something I've been poor now I got a
little bit of money I've got a new bit
of money right yeah and when I was poor
yeah women they approach me different
okay when I was a loser right you talkin
bout a billionaire let me taste
something bout women women would be I
know how one like I know they'd seen
dark depressing right back in the day it
seems it look yes yes Donald Trump Aliza
billion now look at me oh he's hot
you'll think the president backed in to
see a woman a mile away or just J's
inanimate say look that was a hot mic
incident where duh Donald Trump was
talking to another man behind closed
doors jokingly jokingly right now let's
put up a microphone in your house and
record everything that goes on behind
closed doors and see if you're willing
to stand behind it is somebody released
all that damn audio feeling like you
perky you hold yourself to a higher
standard
nobody can I've said negative things you
said negative things you remember it
wasn't great break we all are not
perfect stop holding people to these
high status thing you hold yourself I
mean he was jokingly saying grab them by
do you know what
because women approach him differently
yeah we got some new shows come we're
going on it damn he fakes fear oast
Tennessee Oklahoma City Jim Libertyville
Joey go to heart win sport calm for
tickets
you
[Music]
