these siblings are furious their brother
who police say was aren't an armed
robber was gunned down by store clerk I
still don't believe it by at the end of
the day I don't believe my brother is
daddy hi Dean
if they're furious about how it happened
not a lot police say a Dollar General
Clark shot and killed 23 year old
Roosevelt who showed a gun and demanded
cash Wednesday witnesses indicated that
the weapon was brandished and pointed at
[Music]
but they say that still doesn't warrant
the clerks actions right or wrong is
wrong that was wrong for that car to
shoot my brother any chance yes he's
robbed oh well why you talking with your
hands stop it
you fittin a stereotype for black people
stop it ma'am right now don't do it
again
stop all right look stop it please
I look let's get serious illness now
it's for bit extra brothers day in yeah
but look here your brother
actually did it to himself yeah there's
a reason why I don't go out and rob
people
yeah a good point for money that is a
very dangerous occupation if you wanna
call it an occupation yes sir that's not
I'm just sayin
soon as I pull that gun out we go
through on your credit application
professional robber guns used to not
meal 38 pocket knife did he be okay the
banker like all right let me how much
money you make a man five thousand we
need to start robbing some Afifi yeah we
looking for somebody that's willing to
rob and earn about fifty thousand a
month look at not all sisters once he
pulled that gun out he just gave anybody
in the area with a gun a free pass yeah
don't blow your brains huh that's why I
don't rob people it's dangerous
yeah somebody points a gun at you you
just gave up your right to breathe
you're the blink to call like to have
orgasms you lose all that you lose all
them rights look here that place where
your brother was robbing been robbed how
many times four times four times that's
why they clerk and has got a good that's
why he got a good they tired of people
coming in out pointing guns at everybody
and taking the money
officially somebody's gonna get pissed
and get a gun yeah so haven't you been
watching the news you said people can't
take a gun to work yeah what happened in
Walmart yeah what happened in nightclub
down in Florida yeah these theme parks
yeah a gun at the workplace is the
perfect place to have it yeah why
wouldn't anybody want to take a gun to
their work watch it Nate so you can rob
them it makes perfect sense if you want
to start robbing lunch business Oh ain't
gotta worry about no guns in here I just
go in there Rob yeah
if your brother knew there was a gun and
I bet you wouldn't rob him yeah I bet
she wouldn't it went now Alice let's
make everything real simple yeah let me
say something you will say something yo
the Gator was being robbed the clerk the
employee of Family Dollar why do you
even robbing a Dollar General anyway
they ain't got no money in there we got
a little bit of money yeah things a
dollar right yeah
how much buddy keep make you selling
everything for a dollar
you got me things you got a sale just to
get to $1,000
I see hand about $50 in that register
look here the guy that shot for brother
how does he know that once he gets the
money that your brother's looking for
he's just gonna let him continue
breathing he's just gonna walk out lot
of times when people get robbed
they shouldn't kill him for you know no
eyewitnesses yeah he kicked that store
clerk cannot read minds yeah how do you
know he's gonna let him live after he
gets the money so let me get this
straight
you at home crazy dude breaks a house
butt-naked this just says just say he's
looking for sexual route he's looking
for sexual release what you gonna do
just sit there and wait for the cops to
come after you after he's gone you just
gonna give in just gonna let them take
your body from me yeah you're not gonna
defend yourself you're just gonna wait
teas finish and call the cops
your house is private property just like
family dollars private property yeah you
have a right to defend yourself and for
you to encourage people not to take
matters in their own hands people will
die people women will get raped if
somebody points a gun at me if I'm armed
if I can get to move on I'm a shooter
since when do black people like cops I
don't count on cops to beat out when I
need good takes how long for a cop you
get that once you call 510 depend on
where you live it could take as long 15
20 minutes I'm just gonna wait on the
cops I'm gonna put my life in somebody
else's hands when I could've took you
taking Curtis myself I'm gonna put my
life in somebody else's hands just do
with the gun yeah and I'm gonna wait for
the cops to get there to protect me no
you a low buying citizen you could
protect yourself yeah unfortunately your
brother
robbed a wrong store and eventually he
probably would have killed somebody man
yeah he's wanted
there was like investigating him for
other armed robbers yeah yeah he may not
start out killing people yeah but
eventually that's where it goes yeah
eventually something's Bad's gonna
happen
look I'm really sorry to hear about your
brother yeah this is a second sibling
y'all floss but you should notice a
trend here your brother put himself in
that position I'm not sure about your
other brothers sister what happened but
you need people need to hold him selves
accountable if your brother never walked
into that store with that gun and tried
to rob that Dollar General he will still
be alive yeah I would say he's of 99.99%
hey we got some new shows come we going
to Spokane San Antonio Arlen Dallas
Houston Bakersfield California
oh go to harsh twist or die comp tickets
[Music]
