I think is a coward when it comes to
helping our kids who are afraid of gun
violence I think he is cool when he
doesn't deal with helping our dreamers
though of which were very proud I think
he's in denial about the Constitution
about the climate crisis however that's
about the election this is about the
elect taken up in the election this is
about the Constitution of the United
States and the facts that leads to the
president's violation of his oath of
office and as a Catholic I resent your
using the word hate in a sentence that
addresses me I don't hate anyone I was
raised in a way that is full a heart
full of love and always prayed for the
president and I still pray for the
president I pray for the president all
the time so don't mess with me when it
comes to words like that calm down lady
Nancy you ridiculous that was the worst
my drop elbow stay spencey if he could
do a mic drop you're supposed to walk
off on a high note you just sit right
there digging yourself a deeper hole you
finally realized everybody's looking at
you like this lady's crazy did you walk
off and take them high heels off before
you fall down and can't get back up yeah
for Christ's sakes you 80 years old lady
yeah yeah come on let's get real on this
Nance come on just be real
are you really praying for the president
I don't believe of Cushing well she is
probably praying
she's public please God and heaven help
us impeach this bastard
that's that she's free she's like please
God if you help us a picture I'll stop
drinking and I'll stop popping all the
damn pills please sign something you
know what she actually told herself to
show catch that yeah she went over all
the policies she disagree with our
president on political yeah politically
right
that's why do you want impeach didn't
she finally realized she doing it ill is
about the election election now it's
about impeaching our prisoner
yeah till this date they have not
presented one material fact yeah that
they can impeach our presidents no high
crimes and misdemeanors
there's no bribery there's nothing
there's nothing this so desperate they
had three who was it law professors
three quacks well two of them was quacks
the one he was saying yeah yeah Turner
he was cool he was cool he doesn't keep
the other two with some liberal quacks
yeah it's like y'all have no evidence
time talking to him Lapras they have no
evidence they they have no knowledge of
what happened y'all are disgrace
data showed up in court and just start
sharing opinions
everything's opinionated no subjective
facts are nothing yeah nasty she brought
up some some political issues right yeah
she brought up gun violence okay nobody
wants gun violence in this country the
problem is how many guns are in this
country over 300 me and to you to even
insinuate that the president doesn't
care about gun violence it's reckless
yeah it's wrong to look yeah okay
background checks we agree everybody
should get a background check of course
but that's still you're still not gonna
be able to legislate any new laws it's
gonna take hate out of a person's heart
that's gonna cause them go out and do
some people like that we've seen it pass
like the perfect zap I give you a
perfect example yeah licky cow everybody
up and conquer House of Representative
let duly elected y'all pass to all kinds
of background checks you now look at
y'all yo batshit crazy
if y'all trying even picture present
ain't did nothing change legislate hate
away from somebody's heart that's the
problem
gun violence you could do all the
background checks you
oh damn you and he'd disagree with you
in the dreamers doing away with dreamers
and y'all know what dreams are they're
they're legal immigrants that come his
country with truth yeah right he did
away with that it makes perfect sense
the reason why I did away with it
because you encouraging people to break
our immigration laws yeah you use that
kids as anchors and why would you pass a
bill to encourage people to break our
immigration laws yeah the reason was
Democrats wanna pass those laws because
they know these people are gonna vote
Democrat it's all about their boat they
could care less if they're breaking
these our country's laws yes ma'am Nancy
you do crack what she likes you DJ on
the dance printing it's time for you to
retire lady yeah you 80 years old you
made plenty of money you comfy walk
around 80 years old like threatened a
raven like you in high heels in 80s in
your 80s I don't know why she hang on
over time what she needs to stand in
make sure nothing gets uncovered
somebody's Benilde a net woman yeah you
can't you can't do we've been
compromised you shift all your Democrats
is something wrong with Joe don't got a
bid all y'all's been compromised the way
you're acting the way y'all act yeah
nobody in that same right mind and body
will behave like y'all yo don't reason
with y'all gonna be able to impeach our
presidents because y'all have the
numbers in the house even if it gets to
the Senate he's not gonna be convicted
it's just a waste of time Nancy yeah
watch I'll do y'all's job like fix the
immigration problem at the border about
you know legislate yeah do you do you do
your damn job yeah yo just it yeah
we got some new shows come we going to
Bakersfield
Kansas City Oklahoma City dental Tempe
Arizona
Liberty feel Joliet go to Hawks win
store.com for ticket
