ninety-seven forerunner elite CRV 2011
senado it's only a hundred thousand
clicks on it oh sorry I didn't see you
there I was just checking out what kind
of vehicle I could purchase for myself
for around fifty five hundred US dollars
and then I thought vehicle
who wants a vehicle for that kind of
money meet the nvidia quadro r-tx eight
thousand a fifty five hundred US dollar
graphics card yes my friends this is the
most powerful and most expensive single
GPU in their lineup but what could
possibly justify it I will tell you
after this message from our sponsor
glass wire glass wire lets you instantly
see your current and past network
activity detect malware and block badly
behaving apps on your PC or Android
device use offer code linus to get 25%
off glass wire at the link below
[Music]
I wouldn't blame you for thinking that
the dual Titan r-tx GPUs in our
compensator 2020 build is the pinnacle
of desktop GPU performance I mean watch
this watch this guys okay so I've got a
live blender viewport here I'm just
gonna switch to the rendered view holy
smokes that's free and incredible as a
digital artist or animator being able to
see what I'm working on in darn near
real-time opens up just about unlimited
creative possibilities I can change the
color of my lighting and boom I can see
what that looks like in the reflections
off the armor or as glasses or whatever
the case may be and I could change
things like my lighting source I could
go from an area light to the Sun let's
see what else can I do here oh yes I can
change the angle you know maybe we're
more into like you know a sunset versus
the Sun being you know directly over top
of them to change our intensity oh man
it's so bright out these glasses
changing gears to the junkyard scene
this is how long it takes
without the AI acceleration that is
built into the Titan and let's see it's
actually still quite noisy we fire up
our a I accelerated denoising head over
to our camera options here and now we
can play around with things like the
focus distance so check this out I'm now
focused on the cat helmet and you can
actually see we've got a very filmic
looking bokeh down behind it this is a
technique that animators use to make
their animated films look and feel more
like live-action films where they can
adjust the iris as well as the focus of
the actual lens and what it helps do is
draw your attention to the correct part
of the scene that you're supposed to be
looking at like maybe this guy with the
dialogue here is what we're supposed to
be focused on you can really see how it
changes what I'm drawn to depending on
what's in focus now we fire up this test
scene in Autodesk Maya we're gonna
switch over to the Arnold renderer now
when you're rendering it this kind of
detail level with this many light
bounces like look at these great subtle
reflections in the armor there's nothing
that you can do to get game-like
performance you know
many many frames per second but being
able to do it even this fast gives me a
much better idea of what I'm working
with when I make changes to my dude here
or dudette we have no way of knowing
what gender the armor wearer is finally
we can look at our performance and a
broader range of professional
applications including things like 3d
rendering but also things like energy
exploration simulation all that kind of
good stuff
this is Specter you perf and it takes
about 45 minutes to an hour to run which
gives us plenty of time to talk about
the actual subject of today's video this
sucker has 4608 tutor course 576 tensor
cores so those are four like AI and
stuff it's coming out
76 rage free sing course it can be
configured with up to two of them using
the env link fingers on the top and it's
got a whopping 300 watt TDP so that is
the amount of power we would expect it
to consume in your system the weight all
that is basically identical to the Titan
r-tx
for more than double the price what's
going on here well there are a couple
differences first up the power plugs are
at the back rather than the top of the
board this improves compatibility in
certain low profile chassis and gives
them room to put ah these connectors so
right there is the stereo connector so
you would use that if you were using
your graphic solution for working in
stereoscopic 3d and the sync connector
which we've actually used in the past to
sync up multiple Quadros so they can all
output as one gigantic mosaicked display
so if you actually needed this much GPU
horsepower on a gigantic video wall this
would be the only way to do that also
the display connectors on the cards
themselves are actually slightly
different so instead of three display
ports a USB type-c their VR link Fang
and an HDMI we actually get four display
ports along with VR link the cooler is
completely different so instead of a
tacky
golden black dual fan affair we've got a
tacky silver green and black single fan
affair so this probably comes down more
to the types of chassis they expect this
card to be installed in or it'd be more
important to draw in your cool air over
here and exhaust it out the back rather
than recirculating it inside the case
finally the biggest probably most
relevant difference instead of 24 gigs
of GDD are six memory this sucker has a
whopping 48 gigabytes of gddr5 it to
flip in your memory all that often on
this one when that happens it should
account for it and correct it enough
chitter-chatter though our before test
is run so it's time to shut this puppy
down and see just what
$5500 graphics card is capable of oh I
got to take both out because remember
these are equivalent solutions in terms
of their cost for the price of both of
these and an SLI bridge all I can get is
one of these so it better impress the
pants off me that's right Brandon it's
possible that I will have no pants by
the time we are done shooting this video
but only if it impresses the pants off
me so don't pre-kill yep I mean it could
also scare the pants off me or
disappoint the pants off me
okay there's a high possibility I will
have no pants Brandon I think this might
be the single most expensive component
in the compensator it somehow looks even
gaudier than the Titans okay I'm ready
to oh wait no no shoot so it's not as
big of a deal as it used to be now that
they have their studio drivers for the
g-force and Titan cards but if we want
to give this thing the absolute fairest
shake then I should really be installing
the Quadro drivers which include all the
certifications for professional
applications and some performance tuning
apparently
curious I did expect the Quadro driver
to be a slightly older version so in
this case it's 430 6.30 instead of 440
2.50 but what I wasn't expecting was for
it to be so much smaller it's about a
hundred and fifty mags smaller than the
g-force driver it's less stuff included
I guess so we're gonna do the same
things that we did last time around
except I want to see if it is any
different well just like before without
the AI denoising it does take quite a
while to render a new view of blender
man here that's fine you can turn that
on that feels about the same okay GPU
usage sitting in a comfy 20 to 25
percent range now we can play around
with our lighting color again get some
blue light on there maybe do something
similar to last time I mean all this
kind of feels the same when we're
manipulating blender man here except
this is the gotcha so come on in here
guys over the last few years the
difference in features between g-force
and quadrille cards has actually
narrowed but we're Quadro still stands
alone is in the total amount of GPU
memory so this scene loading it all in
only takes around 7.6 gigs of ram so
what would happen is as soon as we load
in a much much larger more complicated
scene and we exceed our 48 gigs it would
start to have to swap to system memory
which is quite a bit slower where the
Quadro stands out is with two of them
using an env link bridge you can have up
to 96 gigs of ram enabling you to load
up gigantic scenes and there might be
some places where we do find performance
differences let's go on I didn't expect
the difference here and I didn't get one
so that's good yeah that feels very
similar but once again this scene only
takes 10 gigs of GPU memory so we're not
constrained by it
time to give spec view perfect crack at
this okay here we go
so whether we're talking computer
assisted design where we see as much as
a 20-25 percent performance improvement
or
the medical imaging benchmark where
actually it's getting close to double
it's about 70% faster the Quadro really
sets itself apart from our Titan setup
because a lot of these workloads don't
really benefit from a second GPU much
like well gaming with that said not once
was our Quadro fully double the speed of
our Titan setups so if you are looking
for a bang for the buck I mean it you
probably weren't then this is not really
what you're after but if you're looking
for the most validated thing that gives
you the best performance and in certain
edge cases like when you need 96 gigs of
ram for a gigantic scene
it's basically what you're stuck with
speaking of stuck with you're stuck with
this segue to our sponsor Vesey Footwear
messy Footwear is 100% waterproof yes my
friends you could actually dip it in
water even though it uses a nice
breathable knit material you can walk
through rain snow mud and slush without
worry and on hot days it'll keep you
cool and on cool days it'll keep you
warm they're flexible and stretchy kind
of like wearing a second pair of socks
and they actually don't weigh that much
more than socks there's one of the
lightest sneakers in the world at just
175 grams
they've got women's and men's styles and
a wide variety of color so you can check
them out at Vesey Footwear comm slash
Linus tech tips you can get $25 off
using code Linus tech tips if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out the
full video of the compensator you're
looking for something else to watch this
machines come on I don't have to tell
you guys sick look at it thanks and now
it's even more expensive I got into
computers before shaving
so it was like confusing to me that
Nvidia had a card called book watch I
was like not like the razor
different razor I'm funny
