whether AMD had always intended to
debate Nvidia when releasing their rx
5700 series is up for debate but in any
event the minor price war of more of a
priced skirmish really went a long way
to making mid-range GPUs more affordable
and accessible and that's a great thing
for everyone looking to build a new PC
or upgrade an existing PC which is why
we're here today whether your gamer or a
creator using birthday money or cue
money we've got you covered and when
you're ready to pick up your new GPU our
sponsor privacy has you covered get a
brand new virtual credit card number
each time you use it when you shop with
privacy click the link below to get $5
off your first purchase and that's free
money go get a coffee or something
[Music]
let's start with the budget segment
let's say you saved up for a while and
now you've got five hundred dollars to
spend on building a new PC realistically
the most you can or should spare on a
GPU in this range would be about a
hundred dollars with this in mind well
your options are very limited unless you
want to expand your budget by $50 or so
at the expense of say the power supply
at $100 though
new card pricing gets kind of strange
because the rx 500 series is old enough
now that the prices for lower hand
variants and higher-end variants are
converging now this makes the rx 570 the
definitive choice for a new budget card
but who says you need to buy new you can
get your hands on a faster used Radeon
rx 580 for around the same price or a
gtx 1066 gigabyte for a couple extra
bucks if you need CUDA or one little
more performance of course this does
depend on the availability in your
region of the world now let's say it's
your birthday happy birthday by the way
and you open up that shiny new Linus
tech tips insulated water bottle your
aunt got you from the LTTE store calm
and you found some money inside great
all of a sudden you've got a $750 budget
so what now assuming you're building a
rise in five thirty six hundred based
system or something similar you've got
about two hundred and forty dollars to
play with here depending on your
priorities so your options actually open
up quite a lot now if you're looking at
new and box cards your choices are going
to boil down to the rx 590 and GTX 1616
on TI you can get a 16 60 TI for an
extra 20 bucks if you can spare a few
coffees or you could go used and pick up
a reference rx bigot 56 for around $200
or so which will mop the floor with
either of these cards not only in gaming
but also in any compute scenario that
can utilize OpenCL there's our answer
then if you're ok with used grab a Vega
56 regardless of what you do but if
you're dead set on new then my
recommendation is to spend the extra $20
to get a gtx 1660 TI the wait what's
that you found another hypothetical 250
dollars to make it an even grand why
didn't you say so I'd still recommend
sticking with a rise in
five 3,600 at this price point but you
can spoil yourself a little with a
biggish SSD and some fast RAM by the
time all is said and done you're left
with about three hundred and thirty
dollars for the GPU more if you don't
really care about those niceties it's
here that the RX bagan 56 becomes
available to you at retail and it's also
around the price of an entry-level r-tx
2016 non-super but neither of those
options nor anything in the used market
is as good as deal as the Radeon rx 5709
xt starting at 349 and beating out the
RT x 2060 by a considerable margin and
our testing as you can see in this
review that I hosted it's worth the
extra little stretch to pick one up over
the competition even from team red
remember this performance level is
similar to the gtx 1070 TI but I suppose
if you need CUDA or you really want RDX
and PLSS support or you just really hate
Andes drivers not that I blame you tbh
the RT X 2060 is there for the same
price oh sweet that's a sizable tax
return you've got there what's that like
$1500 you can build a sick PC with that
throw a risin 730 700 X in there 16 gigs
of fast ddr4 3,600 memory nvme SSD
tempered glass case and you've still got
about $500 left in the bank for the GPU
obviously the mind immediately settles
on the NVIDIA GeForce r-tx 2070 super
which starting at $500 is quite the
spend but as a middle ground between the
RT X 2070 and the RT X 2080 the RT X
2070 super is enough for high-end 1440p
gaming at the least to say nothing of
its compute chops or RT X and DL SS
support you could make an interesting
compromise though you could save a
hundred bucks by grabbing a non
reference rx 5700 XT you know the ones
that don't overheat and sound like a jet
engine that way you not only get access
to excellent OpenCL performance but you
also gain a bit of versatility to
shuffle your other components around
want more RAM sure what a rise in 730
800 X or Core i7 9700 K go
for it this is a pretty comfortable
place to be building a PC from so
balance it to your needs and you're good
to go you there in the top hat and
monocle you've got two grand to spare
right after you get a better hat how
about building a PC I'm talking 12 cores
royal memory tempered glass with RGB the
whole shebang you've got about seven
hundred seventy-five dollars left
what GPU do you buy okay this one's real
simple unless you want to run Mac OS or
your war-club uses OpenCL you buy the
r-tx 2080 super there just isn't a
comparable product on the market right
now and unfortunately for consumers
nvidia knows this all too well hence why
the super variant wasn't a major leap
forward and performance for the price
over the non super and why there isn't
yet an RT x20 atti super anyway if you
do want to run Mac OS or you do use
OpenCL then this is the only real time
that the Radeon seven makes sense it's
really no wonder it was reported that
AMD had stopped producing them beyond
that price point the only real options
are the RT X xx atti Titan RT X and
workstation cards like the quad rose and
Radeon Instinct series if you're
prepared to drop that kind of cash down
the choice should be pretty obvious by
what you can afford or else by what's
best for your workload for gamers AMD
has nothing in this price point and
crossfire is dead now so my condolences
to team red at the high end for now
but hopefully 2020 brings some more
competition to shake up the market
thankfully for your ears that's already
happened to headphones thanks to the
mass drop and Sennheiser collaboration
on the venerable HD 6 xx headphones with
over 70,000 units sold it's an all-time
bestseller on mass drop thanks to its
ballast mid-range and natural sounding
bass taking community feedback into
account they've included an eighth inch
plug for everyday use and a quarter inch
adapter for professionals all backed by
Sennheiser themselves click the link
below and get it today at drop com
we're new users can get $20 off thanks
for watching guys if this video suck you
know what to do but it was
get subscribed hit that like button or
check out where to buy some of the stuff
we featured in the video description
also link down there is our merch store
which you can get cool shirts like this
one and our community forum which you
should totally join
