inside this box is the main gear element
it's a laptop that is thin it's light
and oh my god thing it's powerful it
also really easy to unbox wow they
really simplify things for you don't
they talk about your no frills thanks to
meeting you for sponsoring this video
let's take a look at it shall we yeah
[Music]
starting on the outside the element has
a surprisingly understated look given
the performance that it's got on the
inside so you've just got a silk screen
main gear logo here a little bit of i/o
at the back got your HDMI got your
Gigabit Ethernet got your Thunderbolt a
handful of USB 3 type aids and an SD
card reader and then I'll whack a
ventilation on the bottom along with all
those stickers that used to be on the
palm rests but now thankfully they're
hiding away where we don't have to see
them the hinge is a one finger lift
design which is really nice it stays
exactly where you say and there's a
little bit of flex on the display up
here but given how thin it is I don't
know what else they would have done
because overall for an RT X 27 T max Q
based machine this thing is pretty darn
svelte and actually surprisingly light
we asked them what the material was made
out of was because we couldn't really
put our finger on it and it turns out
it's not actually plastic it's a
magnesium alloy that's part of what
keeps the weight of the Machine down on
the inside still understated but if
you're into that RGB you have the option
of lighting up the keyboard even though
the rest of the machine just looks like
perfectly at home in a boardroom oh
actually there's the light bar here as
well but like the keyboard you can turn
that off with it fired up some of the
other features are immediately obvious
so the bezels are nice and slim and this
is cool they've managed to keep the top
bezel from getting super thick while
still including a top-mounted webcam and
windows hello facial recognition with
the IR camera that is a really really
nice inclusion and something that
honestly I think should be on basically
every laptop over a thousand dollars
it's so cool just opening up pay it to
and off you go
the display is 15.6 inch and runs at 144
Hertz which as we showed in our recent
video has a competitive advantage over
60 Hertz it's actually surprising how
much of a difference it makes and
actually the viewing angles well you
guys can see them for yourselves man I
am so glad that we are done with trashed
here TN displays on these gaming
monitors now we get to have the best of
both worlds
as for the RGB backlighting on the
keyboard is all controlled using this
app what's it called node Control Center
so you can set up a bunch of different
colors if you want you can set up
effects and you can control the
brightness if you're just on one of the
more simple profiles just using the
hotkeys so there's five brightness
settings including off so I guess that's
four brightness settings in one darkness
surprisingly the node Control Center is
the only quote-unquote bloatware that
was pre-installed on this thing other
than the keyboard it controls the RGB
settings for the light bar some
overclocking profiles quick settings for
things like the display color profile
mode and it's got a little system
monitor in it it did not suck up a ton
of resources which was really nice to
see and even then if you don't feel like
opening it for the performance profiles
they've actually got a dedicated button
right here next to the power button that
will cycle those for you aside from the
RGB lighting the keyboard has some other
interesting features too it's actually
got optical key switches which if you
want to learn more about we've got a
tech quickie here but basically it's a
different way of actuated and you can
actually probably hear them they've got
a nice long stroke and a pretty clicky
feel I do think that the key cap
stabilization could be better but there
is minimal to no deck flex on this thing
which is absolutely not a given
as for the trackpad thankfully it's a
Windows precision model and it tracks as
you would expect for one of those which
is to say it
feels nice and so even if it's not a
Macbook this is about as good as it gets
on Windows and as a bonus
it's glass-topped well that's not bad
we're getting well in excess of 100 FPS
running at 1080p all high presets on
Tomb Raider you turn the motion blur off
right Nicholas right good good now you
can hear the fans kicking in a little
bit of course we are running in redline
mode but like come on you were gonna put
headphones on anyway right yeah I can
still hear the fans over the speakers so
yeah headphones no problem good stereo
separation though it always surprises me
how different the implementations tend
to be sometimes you get speakers that
are right up here forward-firing and the
stereo separation sucks and other times
you get side firing and downward firing
ones that actually really sound like
there's bird noises coming at you from
over here yeah that's not bad actually
where is he though well there he is
that's actually pretty impressive did
you try that there's that sound blaster
logo on the bottom so they're using
Sound Blaster cinema 5 at which I
haven't really given any thought to
because I've never tried it before but
it's pretty cool actually
now after running for a while it looks
like we are up against some thermal
constraints so we're down to closer to
90 to 100 FPS but that is still
extremely respectable in this game we're
also getting a little bit toasty
although it's mostly concentrated up
near the top of the keyboard and doesn't
make its way down past that maybe the
top of the W Keith toasty like this
wonderful
ltte spider Oct story calm alright I got
this I got this ladies and gentlemen ie
oh yeah I hit a guy wait what happened I
swear I hit him oh yes okay well that's
what happened there Oh enemy UAVs those
sound bad oh and we're dead oh wow look
at that we both power bodies hit the
ground at the same time once again the
lesson is
oh there's landmines cool well I'm just
gonna go into here what do I care
yeah take that loser
well alright well I got two kills so
yeah it's not gonna turn you into an
epic gamer overnight but it felt real
smooth actually felt really good and
this is on all high details right I
don't think I mentioned this already but
it's got a core i7 97 58 so it's a 6
core 12 thread processor and I fired up
the blender benchmark to see how it's
turbo responds now it boosts up to 4 4 +
gigahertz when you're just hitting it
with something really really short but
you can see it's falling down a little
bit so we're at about 3.8 gigahertz
right now and I'm expecting after a
minute or two it's gonna come even lower
than that that's expected on mobile
chips and actually so far it's doing
very respectively and there it is our
steady state is around 3.4 high
gigahertz which I mean compared to like
a super thick gaming laptop maybe not
that impressive but for something that's
been pretty darn respectable making this
unit even more interesting is the fact
that in video studio drivers now exist
for the r TX 2070 max q that's inside
making it actually feasible as a mobile
workstation especially because thanks to
Thunderbolt 3 which I know a lot of
people don't feel as strongly about as I
do means that you can actually expand it
with external cards like if you needed
10 gigabit networking for example now
it's time to open it up check this up
my new office swamp just like that o
goolah 'du the patient is asleep wow
they're like not even trying to get keep
me out of this thing hey 10 screws and
oh where is it hey there we go
pit pit pop off the bottom comes no it's
still a laptop so you're not gonna be
doing a ton of upgrading but you've got
access to your DIMM slots both of which
are populated that takes care of the 32
gigs of RAM that's pre-installed running
in dual Channel and this is nice you've
got an empty m2 if you wanted to add
more storage down the line so the one
they're using in here is an Intel 660 P
series cool dominating the internals
though is actually this massive battery
so this is rated at 91 point 2 watt
hours which main gear says will give you
about
10 hours of use now to be clear that is
not while you are gaming that is well
you are looking like a B's in this
professional with your RGB keyboard
turned off but it's still nice to have
because I don't know turn back on whoops
I don't know about you but I think it's
good to be able to use a laptop for more
than just games I love that we put it
back together our render is going again
it's a fast laptop it's thin it's light
it's easily cleanable you can make a
couple of choice upgrades and you can
get your very own at the link below
thank you to main gear for sponsoring
this video thanks to you guys for
watching it if you're looking for
something else to watch right now we've
actually got do we have ah we've got a
gaming monitor buyer's guide that you
guys are gonna want to check out we'll
have that link to put down below
