the very fact that this thing exists is
like a slap in the face
to Intel you see Intel has been trying
to make processors for mobile devices
for years yet almost every surface pro
since the three has looked about the
same with a thick body fan venting and
sharp edges then 2019 rolls around and
alongside the more traditional surface
pro 7 Microsoft unveils the surface pro
X an extremely thin fanless machine with
beautiful curved edges super thin bezels
and all-day battery life to boot I mean
it looks like a surface pro machine from
the far future a future where ARM
processors like the one in this device
rule the world and Intel scurrying
around trying to survive under the
rubble but that future may yet be
averted just like you can avert disaster
by using our sponsor if you're looking
for more performance treat yourself to
g-force this holiday season with an
Origin PC powered by GeForce r-tx
graphics check it out at the link below
to learn more
[Music]
so why did Microsoft need to switch from
an Intel processor to arm to make a slim
and sleek surface pro instead of this
thick boy
well the ARM architecture has a smaller
instruction set which makes it lighter
and more power efficient than the x86
architecture used by Intel and AMD that
makes it great for mobile devices like
phones and tablets but it also makes it
less suitable for the kind of powerhouse
computing that's expected of desktops
and laptops Microsoft has started
experimenting with non Intel chips and
laptops there's an AMD version of the
surface laptop 3 now and our review is
coming soon so get subscribed if you
want to catch it but as mobile devices
get more powerful and laptops gets
smaller and lighter we've seen ARM
processors start to pop up in laptop 2
and ones like the HP Envy x2
Lenovo's yoga c6 30 and now in
Microsoft's own surface pro X the Pro X
runs on the Microsoft SQL operations
with Qualcomm it's essentially a tweaked
version of the octa-core Snapdragon 855
but with a higher clock speed of 3
gigahertz more cash and more i/o
Microsoft says that it performs great
for working and connecting without an
office thanks to its built in LTE
support and it's supposed 13 hour
battery life we got more like 9 or 10
but that's still impressive and that's
really the most attractive feature of
arm powered devices at the launch event
Microsoft said the surface pro X has 3x
more performance per watt than the
surface pro 6 it's faster thinner
lighter while still running the full
power of Windows and they almost got it
right there you see while ARM processors
are super efficient they can't run x86
apps natively Microsoft has gotten
around that issue by creating Windows 10
on arm which enables 32-bit x86 apps to
run via emulation notice I didn't say
run perfectly well while Chrome opens
just fine and runs decently well most of
the time hitching lag and waiting for a
page to load properly where regular
occurrences while writing this review
and while you can technically install
professional creative apps like
Photoshop you
using them was an exercise in masochism
now Adobe and Microsoft said arm
compatible versions of Creative Cloud
apps are coming soon but they're not
here yet
there are arm 64 compatible versions of
the new chromium edge and Firefox
available in beta and they were a bit
smoother to use than regular ole x86
chrome that was born out by our browser
tests which saw chrome perform
significantly worse than the native arm
versions as for 64-bit x86 apps well
they won't run at all you'll simply get
a message saying this app can't run on
your PC when you try to run Cinebench
for example so it was a bit difficult to
quantitatively benchmark the surface pro
X although the Geekbench CPU tests
showed it losing pretty badly to our low
respect and cheaper surface pro 7 with
an Intel Core i5 10 35 G for love those
10th gen processor names microsoft says
they're working to bring emulation of
64-bit x86 apps to windows on arm but we
might not get it until 2021 and even
then performance will likely be even
worse than 32-bit emulated x86 apps so
wait what apps are you supposed to run
on this thing well everything else the
Windows Store has a filter which only
shows compatible apps there's no
guarantee they'll run well but you can
install them and we were able to install
and use browsers messaging apps and
office programs over all using the
surface pro X was fine but the
experience was surprisingly
disappointing on a device that looks and
feels as good as one of our merch items
for male TT store com
which reminds me we haven't even talked
about the physical hardware here so
let's the surface pro X is super thin at
seven point three millimeters and weighs
less than 2 pounds it's got the same
great hinge we've seen in other parts of
the surface lineup and it overall looks
really sleek especially with the new
curved edges the 13 inch 28 80 by 1920
display fills out the front of the
device nicely with the thin side bezels
and yes that's a three by two aspect
ratio the top bezel is a bit thicker but
that's because of the windows hello
sensor so I'll allow it for IO we've got
an interesting situation in the back
there's a removable SSD and I say it
with air quotes because you're not
supposed to remove it microsoft says to
take it to a Microsoft Store for repairs
and there's also a nano SIM card slot
back there and other than the surface
connect port the only other i/o we've
got here are two USB C ports now I
understand the lack of the USB a port
the device is just too thin for that but
it would be a lot easier to swallow if
there was also a headphone jack which
there isn't oh is connected sure just
not to my headphones now inside our
machine is the version with 16 gigs of
RAM and 256 gigs of storage which is
$14.99 us the lowest tier model comes
with 8 gigs of RAM and 128 gig SSD for a
thousand bucks which is pretty normal
for a high-end windows thin and light
but I'm not sure if that standard should
apply to something that's like 80% of a
full Windows Device moving on to the
$139 keyboard it's fine the bottom of
the key press is a bit mushy but there's
a nice tactile bump the trackpad is very
precise and responsive but why is it so
small making it a bit taller would have
done wonders for productivity not to
mention the fact that it's squished a
vertical shape doesn't match the taller
3x2 display Microsoft has had this
problem with their otherwise excellent
keyboard folios for years it's time for
an update guys
now they did change one thing here
though the addition of a magnetic
charging cradle for the new slim pen
this is great
the smaller flattened design makes it
feel like a carpenter's pencil and
throwing it in its slot before packing
up and going just feels natural
however the keyboard now tends to
obscure the windows taskbar a bit when
using the Pro X on your lap perhaps due
to the added bulk oh and the pen is also
a hundred and forty five dollars so
we're now at almost 1800 bucks for the
whole setup that's gonna be a X from me
chief
now despite those minor annoyances using
the surface pro X is mostly an enjoyable
experience provided you've got dongles
on hand and there's no question that
this machine is far removed from
Microsoft's first arm powered surface
the surface RT which launched back in
2013 it ran on an NVIDIA Tegra 3
processor and everyone hated it there
was no x86 emulation on it so you were
stuck with the built-in apps and
whatever fullscreen Windows 8 Metro apps
you could find in the fledgling
Microsoft Store it was a dark time so in
that context the surface pro X is a
triumph an extremely thin and light
machine that wakes in an instant lasts
all day and can run full Windows apps
with a few exceptions whether those
exceptions are addressed with native ARB
64 versions of desktop apps will be the
deciding factor in Intel's fate because
this device seems to represent design
changes that Microsoft has wanted to
make with the main surface line for a
while and we're finally able to make
with an ARM chip I mean a surface pro X
that runs all Windows apps just as well
as an Intel and tell thin and lights out
of the water if the pressure from AMD on
desktop continues an arm continues its
path towards mobile dominance Intel
might just be up against the ropes for
now though this machine's getting a
little ahead of itself I mean with the
keyboard and slim pen bundle our mid
tier machine here comes to one thousand
seven hundred and sixty eight dollars a
similar respect surface pro 7 with an
Intel Core i5
- 1628 that's cheaper and it can run
Photoshop so right now it seems like arm
powered Windows machines are kind of
like the plucky freshmen he's got some
natural talent and a load of potential
but he's not getting the Nobel Prize
until he hits the books speaking of
books the comic garage is a monthly
comic book box service that allows you
to choose your favorite characters and
the comic garage will curate a
personalized box around your selections
you get 10 curated comics a month in
their super box or 24 curated comics in
their ultimate box and you can even
purchase character only boxes if you
prefer that so every month you'll get
something to read as well as something
to collect and you can get even more
specific as well by choosing one of
their one-time boxes at any time so
whether it's spider-man x-men Batman X
Batman Batman etc you can pick and
choose what you want
use code Linus to get six dollars off
your first box today at the link in the
video description get all those Batman
comics we really miss the opportunity to
make a joke about it costing an arm and
a leg dang it well hey if you're looking
for something else to watch check out
part three of the hack Pro build it
might just be the fastest Mac on the
planet I need to go back to tech late
