hello everyone welcome to yoga with
Adriene I'm Adriene and this is Benji
and today we have a beautiful practice
for vulnerability so if you have a towel
or a blanket and you want to bring it to
practice please do if not no worries hop
into something comfy and let's get
started
[Music]
okay welcome so if you brought a towel
or a blanket to the practice today you
can go ahead and lay it out on your mat
perhaps for this first bit because we
are going to begin today's session in a
fetal position so take your time coming
down to the ground and you can choose
which side left side or right side and
just gonna come to lay on your blanket
or on the mat and whatever arm is down
you're gonna use that one bottom arm as
a pillow and if you can right every body
is different so honor your body in the
shape of your body here right away but
to the best of your ability think about
creating a little curvature in the low
back by bringing the knees up so I don't
have to come super tight right we can
kind of honor a little bit of space for
the belly let's actually do that all of
us embrace it back gesture that loving
gesture but best you can bring the knees
up just enough so you feel a little bit
of length in the low back all right and
then just take a second to get settled
in here you can allow your top arm to
rest wherever feels good either gently
on the ground maybe on the hip the thigh
the booty and here we are man we're
we're doing it close your eyes take a
deep breath in and as you exhale my
darling friend just start to notice
notice how you feel and if you ever need
to make any adjustments here listen
listen to your body even if they're
small so that you can kind of soften
into this first shape whatever brought
you to this practice today
trust it and let's lean in often we get
to a place where we feel vulnerable and
it can be scary if not downright
frightening so this practice is designed
or the intention is to kind of hold you
and support you in that vulnerability so
that you can learn from it use it find
what you need from this place of
embracing vulnerability as you're ready
I'll about you to take a big breath in
through your nose deep deep deep breath
and just feel the ribcage kind of expand
as you breathe in feel a lift almost and
then notice the softening as you breathe
out this gentle fall of the breath so
we're just going to kind of play with
that exaggerate that a bit again and a
big inhale in feel the ribcage expand
this gentle lift and a long breath out
and just notice the softening there the
fall of the breath one more just like
that big inhale feel a little bit of an
expansion there and on the exhale soften
wonderful just take one more cycle of
breath here on your own just to listen
what are you feeling what are you coming
on to the mat with today is there a
pattern there that when you feel
vulnerable you tend to do the same thing
each time whether it's avoiding it
voiding feelings of discomfort or
sensitivity just notice how you feel
then on your next breath in begin to
open your eyes as you exhale press the
top hand into the earth first and then
the bottom hand and nice and slow move
like you love yourself you're gonna
slowly slowly come up to a nice
cross-legged seat if you have the
blanket and you want to use it here you
can double up on the blanket or towel to
give a little lift in the hips then
we'll sit up nice and tall find that
beautiful length through the crown and
even though for the most part today's
practice is kind of low to the ground
we're gonna work to really connect to
this grounding sensations so there's
this beautiful balance of like embracing
this feeling of vulnerability and not
sweeping it under the rug but working to
kind of use that acknowledgement of that
feeling to create some soft simple
movement that grounds you so these
things kind of working together so that
we can propel ourself to the next
present moment which could be a
beautiful courageous moment it could be
a beautiful breakthrough of honesty
there's so many possibilities thinking
of bren√© Brown right now actually mm-hmm
her invitations and thoughts on
vulnerability so that said we find this
lift and Link through the crown and we
can already here find a little grounding
right so grounding isn't always like in
a tree pose right rooks asana or
something like that can we find
grounding even in a simple seat gently
lift your sternum up high try to grow a
little bit taller a little bit longer
through your side body whatever that
means to you it kind of kind of just
changes the way you carry your yourself
here your spine then soften your gaze
down gently past your nose or you can
close your eyes feel comfortable gently
tuck the chin finding a little more
length in the back
the neck inhaling deeply see if you can
find that expansion in the ribcage this
kind of wide feeling as you breathe in
is widening and then use the exhale to
ground down dropping the shoulders
tagging a little weight in the elbows
perhaps feeling all parts of the body
they're oppressing the earth pressing
into the earth continue to gently deepen
your breath here and just notice where
your thoughts go and let's let the
practice today be about acknowledging
those thoughts acknowledging the
feelings I'm just putting a little power
a little love behind the acknowledgement
whatever that means to you
then slowly slide your hands to your
knees and on your next breath in keep
the hands where they are you're going to
take your heart you're gonna lean
forward I'm going to just smooth the
heart forward as you breathe in and then
round the spine tuck the chin exhale as
you breathe out do this super slow here
to start inhale to come forward and
exhale to round the spine think cat pose
and come all the way back so slow motion
here synching up with the sound of your
breath
and if you can soft gaze or close the
eyes are so you can really feel what's
going on the body today where you might
be tight then whenever you're ready
reversing your circle taking it in the
opposite direction
and the tempo can pick up just a bit but
maybe it doesn't maybe you keep it nice
and slow
excellent then bring it back to Center
align head over heart heart over pelvis
you're going to take your hands we're
going to bring the fingers and we're
going to bring them right to this some
strong trap muscle here so if you are
wearing clothes what are you thinking
just kidding
then maybe you get your hands underneath
any straps or any clothes and just get
the hands on the traps and we're just
gonna kind of squeeze allow the
shoulders and the elbows to relax down
so instead of being up here keep them
kind of down and you're gonna kind of
comb away at this muscle for a couple
breaths if you can try to keep a nice
tall lift in the spine rather than
collapsed here we're finding that inner
support system that support from within
you can move the head a little side to
side continue to deepen your breath eyes
can stay closed here you can open them
and just start to notice the quality of
light in the room I lit a candle today
maybe any sounds around you paying
attention to the quality of air
good and then when you feel satisfied
here we'll sit up nice and tall still
bring the fingertips to your shoulders
just a gentle harder burner here you're
gonna inhale kiss the elbows towards
each other if they don't if they touch
great they don't have to touch them kiss
them towards each other and then we're
gonna reach all the way up open the
chest lift your heart up towards the sky
and then all the way back down inhale
elbows kiss come forward and exhale
around and down down down inhale elbows
come toward each other and lift up and
exhale around and back down good one
more with the sound of your breath
excellent and slowly release fingertips
to the earth just take a breath in here
inhale and exhale out through the mouth
let something go just notice how you
feel acknowledged beautiful and moving
on so here we go we're gonna just keep
the left heel hugging in as you extend
the right leg out long so we do want to
invite a nice stretch into the groin
here but it doesn't have to be like a
drastic competition so it doesn't have
to go super wide it could be narrow then
we're gonna flex the right toes up
towards the sky we're gonna take the
right hand and bring it to the top of
the left thigh just do your best then
inhale send the left fingertips up
behind the left ear
and then we're going to go all the way
up and over and then from here we're
gonna tilt tilt tilt so we're not
jamming into the posture we're coming at
it a different Avenue to her way nice
and slow you're gonna find this side
body stretch really feel that length
through the left oblique here and then
take your gaze look down inhale exhale
draw a line with your nose look up as
far as you can
good and then send your gaze back down
breathe in right foot is still flexed
and exhale to look up and one more time
looking down breathe in and exhale to
look up nice really you feel a
contraction in your right side body your
right oblique to maybe stretch a little
more on the left side working with
opposition here beautiful and then
slowly bend your left elbow let that the
weight of your left elbow coming all the
way down be what brings you back up head
over heart heart over pelvis turn your
palms face up take a second here to
breathe in and relax your shoulders as
you breathe out awesome work from here
we're gonna turn our Center and the
heart center so you're your core Center
and your heart center over towards your
right foot and then nice and easy inhale
send both fingertips behind the ear just
think up and over and as you exhale
draping over that front leg so if you're
feeling the veil is thin today just
notice how you feel and use these
forward folds to kind of get closer to
that mm-hmm
and then acknowledge how you feel the
very least getting you an incredible
stretch for these big muscles finding
maybe some relief in the low back take
one more breath in here feel that nice
wide expansion as you breathe in
and that softening that surrenders you
breathe out awesome
tuck the chin engage the core hug the
lower ribs in and from here slowly roll
it up beautiful right foot comes in
we're gonna switch to the other sides
and the left leg yeah stick with the
practice stick with the video keep using
the sound of your breath as an anchor to
kind of come back to the
moment so take a deep breath in here ooh
the long breath out we're gonna flex the
left foot and just feel it out feel the
weight of the body pressing into the
earth if it feels hard to even hold
yourself up today know that you're not
alone there's someone else out there
also feeling that so stick with that
you're doing great
just reconnecting to that inner support
system sometimes the the simplicity of
just sitting up tall right how powerful
that can be and also how difficult that
can be sometimes right when our hearts
collapse or when we feel a little normal
so this is enough doing great when
you're ready take that left hand to the
top of the right hip crease or thigh or
just do your best as close as you can
get and then here we go left fingertips
are gonna come behind the right ear I
like this move and then we'll just
continue this line all the way over
towards the left left foot how it still
has energy as I slowly slowly lean and
feeling that link that stretch in the
right low back right oblique right side
body then send your gaze down keep
reaching breathe in and exhale draw a
line with the nose look up inhale look
down reach reach reach exhale twist
spiral your heart up towards the sky
inhale look down exhale spiral it up
good inhale look down and exhale spiral
it up good inhale look down from here
we're gonna bend the right elbow use the
weight of the right elbow to bring you
back up all the way to center head over
heart heart over pelvis flip the palms
up towards the sky
just kind of open receptive just notice
how you feel
lovely from here we're gonna send the
heart center and the core center towards
that left foot you can kind of turn here
feel that left femur kind of hug in and
here we go ahead to knee posts and the
fingertips behind the ears inhale to
reach up high the length through the
front belly front body and then exhale
coming into the fold you can bend this
knee as generously as you like let the
right leg ground you here so a little
bit of awareness pressing down into the
earth then come into the fold and listen
to the Sun of your breath relax your jaw
trust this time is valuable to come out
of the posture take a deep breath in
feel that expansion use an exhale to
soften and then slowly roll it up
beautiful center yourself on the mat
bring the left foot in to meet the right
we're gonna allow the soles of the feet
to kiss together you can grab on to the
ankles here find that lift up through
the heart you got it inhale in and then
exhale navel draws in we're gonna round
through the spine you can allow the
shoulders around forward and we're gonna
let the weight of the head bow towards
the soles of the feet so some practices
we really kind of keep that flat back or
we engage the arms to get a deeper
stretch and the grind just let this be a
little more passive a little more loving
a little more gentle perhaps and
returning to your inhale here we go big
inhale big exhale big inhale long exhale
great round through the sits bones
ground through the outer edges of the
feet
anything that's touching the ground here
press down and from there we rise up
slowly sucking up through the spine
great keep the hands on the shins or
ankles as you align ahead of her heart
heart over pelvis take a deep breath in
feel that lift and then exhale a
softening awesome we're gonna bring the
knees together here cross one ankle over
the other way to come forward onto all
fours you can use your blankie here to
pad the knees if you like if it's there
or you can toss it to the side come to
tabletop position
take a deep breath in here then use your
exhale to just find that inner support
again so instead of just kind of
spilling out just notice how your body
is doing today and then see if there are
places where you can just create a
little more support perhaps for the low
back maybe by drawing the the ribs in
feeling that connection to your core
your Center cool then from here walk
your hands out in preparation for
downward facing dog upper arm bones
rotate out when you're ready curl the
toes under inhale in exhale keep the
knees bent as you peel the tailbone up
high then bend the knees one and then
the other keep clawing through the
fingertips and see if during this first
downward dog here especially you can
still keep that connection to the front
body that inner support system kind of
hugging up and in to meet the spine just
playing just explore then on your next
inhale let the left heel get really
heavy as you lift the right leg up high
three-legged dog and then exhale bring
it all the way up and through step the
right foot all the way up lower the left
knee on to the mat or the blanket and
then just hang out here for a second
here maybe finding some soft easy
movement in this nice low lunge
front knee over front ankle return to
the sound of your breath then here we go
squeeze inner thighs to the midline feel
that lift up from the pelvic floor so
again that inner support system coming
into play here then we're gonna be brave
we're gonna be strong we're gonna lift
our hearts to the sky so on an inhale
send your fingertips forward up and back
strong here from the base of the spine
we lift up nice Crescent lunge this is
too much hands can be in prayer at the
heart
or maybe hands at the waistline just for
a little more stability now breathe here
inhale to feel the ribcage
expand and exhale to find a softening
maybe relaxing the shoulders a little
down away from the ears good from here
palms are gonna come together check it
out left elbow over towards the right
knee do not crank your nice easy gentle
twist so remember we moved ahead earlier
thinking about drawing a line with your
nose all the way past your right elbow
good inhale in here to grow a little
long longer and taller in the spine and
then exhale to release fingertips come
to the earth pull the right hip crease
back should feel good in the left hip
crease ooh to pull this back to this
runner's stretch just for one cycle of
breath here flex your right toes towards
your face inhale in exhale out awesome
and plant the palms here come back to
that nice low lunge I'm going to bring
the right hand over to meet the left a
little lizard variation here inhale in
and look forward exhale come right back
to all fours
mMmmm good you can take a couple circles
in the hips one way and then the other
keep noticing how you feel and when
you're ready to walk the hands out upper
arm bone spiraling out that's me just
kidding
externally rotating out left to right so
the biceps are shining towards the front
let's play with that today curl the toes
under hug those lower ribs in and when
you're ready inhale use an exhale to
peel it up nice bent knees as we lift up
to downward dog when you get there pedal
it out inhale deeply exhale completely
okay we're moving in around here we go
anchor through the right heel so ground
through the right heel first that's your
anchor then inhale lift the left leg up
high exhale step it all the way through
if it doesn't make it in one step use
your left hand to guide it all the way
up no biggie what's up creaky old floor
come into play and here
we are in this present moment just fine
soft sway maybe just some easy movement
left to right take away that you're
doing great find your breath and let's
engage front knee over front ankle we're
gonna squeeze your thighs in the midline
you literally feel this slight zipper up
effect right we're kind of lifting from
the pelvic floor finding that that inner
support system and then from there
everything starts to kind of hug in and
that's where we lift fingertips forward
up and back
or maybe hands at the heart or hands on
the waistline breathe here opening up
fully vulnerable lifting the heart to
this guy long puppy belly take a deep
breath in feel that lift that inner
support system coming to play I feel
things turn on and then exhale feel that
soften relaxing any tension it's good
inhale in again and exhale palms are
going to kiss together and nice and easy
bring the outer edge of the right elbow
to the outer edge of the left thigh and
you don't have to crank today you don't
even need to try to get the thumbs to
the center just let this evolve nice and
slow so you're going to take your nose
and draw a line nice and slow past your
left elbow and then find that wide
breath here and slow and steady with the
breath out we will release excellent
excellent
pull the left hip crease back when
you're ready flex the left toes to the
face one cycle of breath here and the
runner's stretch big inhale long exhale
I'm good then rolling through that left
foot bring the left hand around to meet
the right we're in a nice low lizard
here inhaling deeply and exhale
awesome use your hands on the earth and
a connection to Center to step the left
knee back onto the mat or blanket
tabletop position again just shake it
out here bump the hips a little left to
right
you can draw circles one way and then
the other awesome work and then guess
what walk beneath together really
together inhale in exhale send your hips
back and you're gonna walk the
fingertips all the way to the front edge
of the mat as you allow your heart and
your head to bow Child's Pose your
version now let your breath move you
here see if you can feel the skin of the
back body stretch as you breathe in and
that's softening that gentle just
dropping as you breathe out and that's
it my friend a couple more breaths just
like that feeling the rise and the fall
the rise of the inhale and the fall of
the exhale a couple more breaths here
and your own private little love cave
what do you need to what can't we just
like get out what do we need to just get
it all out on the map and maybe even
leave it on the map
excellent carving line with the nose
look forward call through the fingertips
we're gonna pull all our heart forward
we're gonna curl the toes under we're
gonna extend the right leg back we're
gonna curl the toes under extend the
left leg back
what plank pose why press away from your
yoga mat hug the low ribs up and in try
to find this hollow body gaze straight
down you're not here for long breathing
and find that lift even in the hard
shape and then find that soften with
this challenge soft bend in the elbows
as you breathe and feel the lift you can
exhale feel the soften one more time
inhaling deeply and exhale you did it
slowly come to the knees we're gonna
swing the legs around we're gonna grab
the blanket now and we're gonna bring it
to the Front's of the hips you can also
use it as a pillow if if you need the
neck support but I'm gonna encourage us
to bring the weight of the blanket or
the towel to the hip creases here as you
come to lie flat on your back
great and you can even put your hands
there her mmm for a little more weight
here on the hip creases or if it feels
best to maybe have the hands on the
belly or the heart might give that a try
out inhale in here exhale relax the
weight of your body completely and fully
into the earth close your eyes
allow the tongue to gently relax in the
base of the mouth here soften through
your jaw soften through the skin of the
forehead and after a couple deep breaths
here just allowing the weight of your
body to relax fully into the earth
notice the parts of your body that are
being held by your yoga mat by the
ground and then see if you can relax
into that a little more whatever that
means to you may be softening any areas
where you might be holding or gripping
just see if there's a little more give
there
on your next inhale listen carefully you
can move a slow slowly reach your
fingertips up towards the sky and as you
exhale you're gonna cross one arm over
the other doesn't matter which one
you're gonna and we're gonna end with a
little embrace here so you know give
yourself a hug
and you might be like oh man Hadrian
this was so good until you asked me to
hug myself just give it a go see what
happens let's tell our brains it's all
good even when it's not seemingly
a feel-good moment I'm allowed to feel
the way I'm feeling
take one more moment here to feel your
own embrace
and then slowly well release we're gonna
hug the knees up into the chests if you
have the blanket you can pull it to the
side and from here turn on until one
side any side back to that fetal
position and if it feels appropriate for
you if not it's okay but if it feels
appropriate for you begin to gently lift
the corners of the mouth just slightly
you'll notice what thoughts come up here
and then using the top arm to press into
the earth first bottom arm to press into
the earth second rise back up to our
seat bring the palms together in prayer
thank you so much for sharing your time
and your energy and and yourself your
honest to god self with me and with all
the beautiful people practicing around
the world together let's take one final
breath inhale in and exhale to bow take
good care namaste
[Music]
[Music]
you
