hi everyone welcome to yoga with Adriene
I'm Adriene and this is Benji and today
we have an awesome practice called yoga
kiss this is a wonderful flow that's
going to help you feel like you've kind
of tended to all parts of the self if
you need a little pick-me-up or if you
need to kiss something goodbye to help
you kind of move forward this is going
to be an awesome session for you so hop
into something comfy and let's get
started
[Music]
okey-doke my darling friends welcome
thank you so much for being here we're
gonna begin today's practice and a nice
comfortable seat of your choice so you
can begin in a chair even or on a couch
for this first moment we're just going
to tune in you can come on down to the
ground you can take this posture that
Benji is taking just come to a place
where you can sit up nice and tall and
then when you get there you're going to
take one hand and bring it to your heart
and one hand and bring it to your belly
and if you are working with one hand or
one arm today for whatever reason go
ahead and bring it to your heart so we
can all really feel this warmth the
heart center as we begin this yoga kiss
practice trust me trust yourself trust
that this time is valuable and close
your eyes please allow the sound of my
voice to guide you here as you gently
tuck your chin and find a little length
in the back of the neck so we're tucking
the chin finding a little length and
this is creating a bit of a reverent bow
here as we begin our practice here
together see if you can relax the skin
of the forehead soften through your jaw
and just take a moment to notice how you
feel where are you at today
now try to be kind as you begin to
notice your breath you don't have to do
anything special just notice saying
where you are today and now just
noticing the quality of your breath and
through these two perhaps seemingly
simple investigations we start to get a
little taste of what it feels like to
invite in more loving awareness a little
taste or in this practice we can think
of it as a little kiss it's like when I
go to Mexico and you're giving them a
skull you're invited to kiss it right
you don't chug it you just kiss it
little little sip so little sips here of
loving awareness little kisses slowly
inviting or being willing to notice what
that feels like
now you may have already started but we
didn't to invite a longer deeper fuller
inhale in and then allow a longer
extended exhalation to spill out just
keep going with that for a second big
inhale in and allowing for a long long
long breath out let's see if you can
keep this going big inhale in and long
extended exhalation continuing with the
breath and continuing with just the
gesture of noticing how am I feeling
where am I at and what is my breath like
and through this investigation just keep
inviting in these little kisses of
loving awareness if you have a busy mind
little monkey mind it's all good if your
heart is feeling achy it's all good let
this practice kind of meet you where you
are right is it a kiss on the cheek kiss
on the forehead a kiss with tongue okay
take a deep breath in on the exhale this
time bring your palms together I'll bet
you just did a breath out with me palms
together Anjali mudra at the heart
lift your sternum your chest up to meet
your thumbs so chest is the lifting up
to kiss the thumbs and then gently press
your thumbs into your heart center just
feel that connection if you like set a
little intention here what do you want
to what do you want to kiss today what
do you want to take a sip of or is there
something you'd like to kiss goodbye
lovingly and with respect something that
maybe is no longer serving you
inhaling deeply here we go exhale out
through the mouth completely bat your
eyelashes open lift your chin yeah we're
gonna bring the fingertips down spread
the fingertips wide as you breathe in
just reach all the way up big breath
exhale palms face down towards the
ground and we're just gonna press the
fingers all the way back down moving
with your breath here we go big inhale
open palms spread the fingertips reach
up high really reaching from the side
waist here and then exhale float it down
one more time big inhale big stretch
long smooth exhale float it down awesome
from here come forward onto all fours
move like you love yourself so maybe
you're not feeling like you love
yourself you're not feeling yourself
today that's okay move it like you do
see if that changes the quality of
movement you might not tabletop position
nice neutral spine wrists underneath the
shoulders knees right underneath the
hips moving right into our spinal
flexion here we go inhale drop the belly
open your heart space let it radiate
forward as you really open the throat
drop the shoulders down away from the
ears press firmly into the fingertips
the tops of the feet
good then from your tailbone start to
curl it all the way up then all the way
through the low back then mid back upper
back and then cervical spine until
finally the chin draws all the way up
into the chest and the crown of the head
releases to the earth sharp exhale here
press near foundation lift up through
the upper back body and now moving with
the breath inhale drop the belly exhale
rounding through the spine
maybe try to find an audible breath here
inhaling to drop the bell you feel the
skin of the belly stretch here and then
exhale navel draws up up feel the skin
in the back stretch here and keep it
going with the sound of your breath a
couple more times
awesome bring it back to a nice and
neutral spine
bring the big toes to touch bring the
knees nice and wide walk the hands out
and then when you're ready sink your
hips back let your heart kiss the earth
forehead kiss the mat as we melt down
here in a moment flash of surrender
gently opening up through the shoulders
the hips close your eyes here and listen
to the sound of your breath it's okay to
slow it down slow it down option here to
gently rock the fore head side to side
get a little massage on the brow bone
may be good for the sinuses and then
take one more deep breath here and as
you breathe out actively reach your
fingertips towards the front edge of the
mat lifting the elbows up getting just
more and we perhaps drastic stretch from
the wrists to the waistline press into
the tops of the feet and moving from
Center whatever that means to you like
you love yourself you're gonna come all
the way through keep the hands where
they are just walk the knees back
underneath the hips
then slowly you're gonna melt the hips
down to the ground belly to the earth
until finally the forehead kisses the
earth or the mat hands I can draw right
in line with the ribcage here and then
we're going to press the pubic bone into
the earth squeeze the elbows into the
side body press into the tops of the
feet and tuck the chin slowly rolling up
to a nice baby Cobra here pause so find
that suka that ease here is you open the
chest forward keep the chin slightly
tucked just like we did at the beginning
of practice keep the neck nice and long
building strings not just in the muscles
but supporting our organs the whole
shebang here we go inhale in exhale
forehead kisses the matter
and now moving with the breath inhale
pubic bone presses to the earth we use
our foundation here as squeezy elbows in
lift up exhale forehead kisses the mouth
inhale lift up doesn't have to be a huge
move move with the breath exhale slow
and gentle with control forehead kisses
the mouth one more time inhale squeeze
elbows in strong foundation you don't
have to go too high here and then exhale
forehead kisses the earth awesome listen
carefully keep pressing into your
fingertips curl the toes under lift your
kneecaps tone the quadriceps inhale in
exhale to all fours or plank three
cycles of breath in tabletop with a nice
neutral spine or three cycles of breath
here in plank pose you want to think of
a nice straight line from the crown to
the tail here let your shoulder blades
move left to right feel this kind of
doming sensation in the upper back body
breathe and then we'll make our way to
downward facing dog
bend your knees stay strong in your hand
the earth connection and just take a
couple breaths here to find what feels
good
and then both knees generously melts
your belly towards the tops of your
thighs take a second here to just
tick-tock the hips a little left to
right and then when you're ready carve a
line with your nose to look up inhale in
exhale ragdoll so step step to the top
you can also take multiple steps it
doesn't matter how many steps you take
rag doll to the top when you get there
take a couple breaths here to let the
weight of the head go you can bend your
knees generously shake the head a little
yes and no maybe clasp the elbows Rock
side to side you know what to do here
you listen to your body and start to amp
up the breath then release the
fingertips take a second here before you
roll up to shift all the way onto the
toes lift your heels just feel what
that's like to press into the ball joint
of the big toe mound the ball joint of
the pinky toe mounds good then send the
weight back you don't have to lift the
toes necessarily but send your weight
into your heels if lifting the toes
helps you can into the heels into the
heels should kind of feel it in your
glutes feel that connection from ankle
to knee to hip good and now all four
corners of the feet ground down tuck the
chin bend your knees and slowly roll it
up take your time then as you rise up
keep that awareness spreading through
all four corners of the feet and then
from there start to draw energy up from
the earth drawing all the way up through
the legs I'll pass the hips all the way
up through the spine and just let your
body respond to that loving awareness
that you're drawing up from the earth
does roll with me okay so we're drawing
this energy up from the arches of the
feet really
and then we're letting the Mountain Pose
kind of come from the awareness so
rather than doing the pose and then
trying to find awareness within the pose
we're actually right kind of starting
from the ground up and then letting the
pose kind
come out of the awareness I hope that
makes sense it's not so gamer and I'm a
great practice here about to get flowing
anyway but if you can play with that
please give it a go and that should lead
you into a Mountain Pose that feels
really good right you've heard me say it
before and in other practices like find
your best and most beautiful Mountain
Pose well what does that mean well where
is it coming from maybe it's a good
question to ask return to the sound of
your breath and then everyone wherever
you are kind of embodying this standing
Mountain Pose see if you can grow a
little taller through your spine draw
your shoulder blades closer together and
you know I'm gonna say it right lift
your heart kiss the sky and then as you
try to lift your chest all the way up a
little more notice if that creates an
adjustment in the low back and then take
one more deep breath in here and on your
exhale go ahead and relax the shoulders
down down down awesome on your next
inhale let's reach it all the way up big
breath big stretch no need to rush here
move mindfully exhale wiggle the
fingertips rein it all the way down back
to your forward fold
Bengie inhale halfway lift your version
crown reaches forward tailbone reaches
back and then exhale soften and fold
we're starting nice and slow here it's
gonna pick ups and just hang with me
here we go bend the knees plant the
palms step one foot back and then the
other back to that plank pose or you can
lower the knees come to tabletop and
then walk them back for a half plank all
right shoulders are over the wrists here
fingertips are spread wat wide we're
gonna rock forward on the toes inhale
look forward
exhale squeeze the elbows in slow and
with control best you can all
weighing down belly to the belly flops
welcome you can build that strength nice
and easy
squeeze the elbows in inhale for Cobra
rise up keep the jaw soft skin of the
forehead soft and then exhale we crest
and fall with the breath forehead kisses
ear good curl the toes under inhale in
exhale to plank or half plank inhaling
again exhale hips up high and back
downward facing dog awesome then the
knees and how to look forward exhale
ragdoll you can either do baby steps or
a step step you can even hop forward
fold to the top of the mat nice work all
right here we go big inhale halfway lift
crown forward tail back slight bend and
the knees here squeeze the elbows into
the side body and then on your exhale
soften and fold back down roots arise
here inhale reach for the sky ground
through all four corners of the feet
draw that loving where is that energy up
from the earth all the way now to the
fingertips lift your sternum high and
then exhale send it all the way back
down forward fold regaining it down
inhale halfway lift moving with your
breath exhale to fold bend the knees
plant the palms inhale step it back
exhale stay here find strong plank or
half plank good inhale the look forward
squeeze the elbows in exhale to lower
all the way to the belly inhale press
into the tops of the feet
rise up Cobra would you like a sauna and
exhale to release good curl the toes
under inhale in here exhale to plank
pass plank good inhaling again big full
breath and then exhale to downward
facing dog
nice work big inhale in here and empty
it out bend the knees inhale look
forward exhale to make your way to the
top feet together now perhaps you can
stay a hip-width apart or feet together
big inhale to lift halfway try to think
of creating like a figure seven
in the body just the sensation like use
it as an image don't worry about how it
actually looks good and then use your
exhale to fold route to rising Roo
ground down inhale rise up strong big
breath big stretch and right back down
you go exhale forward fold inhale
halfway lift exhale soften and bow
inhale to plank step it back or half
plank exhale to stay here hollow from
the body strong abdominal wall strong
core good inhale shift forward hug the
elbows in exhale slowly lower all the
way to the belly inhale for Cobra rise
up move with your breath my mouth and
then exhale to soften and fold back down
forehead kisses a mat good inhale curl
the toes under exhale strong core you
press up to plank or half plank inhale
in here a long beautiful neck exhale
downward facing dog hips up high and
back claw through the fingertips inhale
lots of love in here exhale lots of love
out good bend the knees carve a line
with the nose to look forward so when I
say a Carver in line with the nose I'm
just trying to get you to integrate the
neck not crunch it and then use an
exhale to make your way to the top have
fun good from here inhale halfway lift
exhale the soften and fold inhale reach
rise a reach reach reach for the sky and
this time exhale palms come together and
slowly float right back down to your
heart center try to capture a little bit
of that prana that energy here control
your breath
try not to fidget breathing slow and
steady just kind of feeling yourself
notice how you feel
alright bend the knees fingertips are
gonna go down to come up here we go big
inhale to reach for the sky exhale rain
it down forward fold inhale halfway lift
the long neck exhale to soften in hold
inhale for plank pose listen carefully
exhale for downward-facing dog make sure
that your hands are nice and wide here
beautiful anchor through the left heel
on your next inhale lift your right leg
up high on an exhale shift forward try
to bring your knee to kiss your nose
doesn't even have to come close just
give it that intention think cat pose in
the spine good inhale kick it up
three-legged dog here we go right knee
to right elbow upper bodies in plank
here shift forward gaze it straight down
good inhale kick it up three-legged dog
we're crossing it over right knee to
left elbow kiss the left elbow good
inhale rise up three-legged dog and this
time exhale right foot all the way to
the front if it doesn't get there in one
step no big deal just use your right
hand just slowly guide it on up there
excellent so you have a choice here to
lower the back knee or keep it lifted
just depends on how you're feeling today
in your body or in your level of energy
both variations I invite you to
squeezing your thighs together lift up
from the pelvic floor and then when
you're ready from there again either
back knee lowered or lifted we'll reach
the fingertips forward up and back come
into either a Crescent lunge with the
knee on the ground or high lunge here
both variations pull the right hip
crease back lift your heart to the sky
kiss the sky everyone take go full beach
ball here today so take up some space
with the hands imagine you're holding a
big beach ball if your back knees lifted
take a second to bend it get your Center
really underneath you and then grow it
from here everyone take a big inhale in
use an exhale to relax the shoulders
down sink a little more into that front
knee front knee over front ankle as you
breathe in and use an exhale to relax
the shoulders down great inhale in
exhale to rein it all the way back down
hands kiss the earth we step the right
foot back plank pose
shift it forward belly to Cobra or maybe
now chaturanga to upward facing dog move
with your breath
meet me in down
we're facing dog you're doing great hips
up high and back take a breath here to
reset good anchor through the right heel
let's move together inhale sliding the
left leg up high exhale knee to nose try
to get them to kiss even if they don't
try shift it forward good inhale anchor
through the right heel kick the left leg
up high three-legged dog exhale left
knee kisses left elbow good inhale kick
it up high cloth through the fingertips
take pressure out of the wrist cross it
over here final kiss left knee to right
elbow good inhale kick it up welcome
that heat beautiful now we're gonna step
it all the way through as you breathe
out feel free to guide the left foot up
back and you need lowered or lift it
pull the left hip crease back from the
ground up root to rise here we go
lifting the fingertips all the way up if
this is too much for you you can bring
the hands on the waistline this is a
great way to work just kind of build
that foundation so you feel stable
strong like you are breathing deep give
yourself lots of space if you're holding
that that big beach wall up and overhead
really go go for it go full beach ball
if the back knee is lifted bend it to
get your Center underneath you find that
lift through the front body that
grounding through the back body and hang
with me here guys don't give up inhale
in you got it exhale relax your
shoulders heart reaches for the sky
inhaling exhale relax your shoulders
maybe you reinforce the bend in that
front knee for this last breath you got
it inhale in exhale relax the shoulders
good inhale reach high exhale float it
down low plant the palms step it back
and take a vinyasa this can go straight
to down dog if you like you can move
through Cobra or updog
in downward-facing dog altogether now
joining Benji in his most beloved pose
inhale in exhale empty it out good bend
the knees inhale to look forward exhale
to make your way to the top inhale lifts
you halfway you're doing great
exhale to soften and fold check it out
bend the knees generously tuck the chin
roll it up from here roll it up stacking
up through the spine great bring the
feet together really together zip up
through the leg ease I just said legs
whatever is it go through the legs and
then when you're ready reach the
fingertips around to interlace behind
the tail I draw the shoulder blades
together and you might feel super tight
here if you came to the mat feeling a
little vulnerable today you're not alone
just notice how it feels right be kind
of blast through these poses like
stretch this stretch that well let's
just just take a sigh going to notice
how it feels as you start to open up
through your heart here if the shoulders
and the chest and the forearms are all
really tight which they might be you
might just keep the wrists nice and
square here otherwise in time we will
work to bring the palms together so I
have a nice strong base here we're
breathing deep inhale in listen
carefully
grounder all four cores the feet
especially those heels here to start
we're gonna bend the knees send the hips
back so pull back through the hip crease
so you're gonna find a hinge so we hinge
forward and look down and it's as if we
were looking into a pond here hug the
lower ribs in just a bit so they might
tend to splay out here you can peek at
me I'm exaggerating you're gonna hug
them in here to support the low back
great then check it out inhale in exhale
break free fingertips release let me
come to airplane arms your arms might
already be tired
here that's all good baby we're building
straining building strength buildings
home here we go inhale and navel draws
in and up exhale you're going to shift
forward on your toes and lift the heels
just on to the ball joint of the big toe
ball jointed the pinky toe okay and
you're like a little hummingbird like
going for a little kiss a little sip a
drinking bird if you want a little more
fire start to bend those knees and the
hips back a little more a little more
fire lift those heels even more everyone
reach the fingertips back keep those a
nice that nice extension through the
crown on the tail just from all those
little halfway lift find that nice long
beautiful neck here and then just listen
to the sound of your breath for a couple
moments here if you fall don't worry
just come right back to it
wherever you are take one more cycle of
breath and really own it just wherever
you are whether the heels are lifted or
not yes and then slowly let the heels
kiss the earth fingertips go down and
come up inhale reach for the sky big
breath big stretch have an exhale
forward fold just wash it all the way
all down good inhale halfway lift
from here we're gonna come into a low
squat so lift your heels bend the knees
generously hands are on the earth for
support and we're just gonna slowly come
from here hi Benji into a nice seat so
use your hands to guide you all the way
back onto the bum and we're gonna Center
ourselves on the mat are you ready Benji
for the final beat of this practice
which I'm calling the kiss of death
just give me so all jokes aside a little
bit of core work but see if you can kind
of go at it with a little bit of a
playful attitude and the loving little
invitation is to keep that heart kind of
kissing up towards the sky this whole
time ready we'll see what happens so
your bring the hands on the backs of the
thighs loop the shoulders and right away
establish this lift up through the chest
so we're not just lifting right up
through the chest for every time we find
a lift and expansion we want to anchor
that with something so find places where
you can ground shoulder blades elbows
cool and then you can actually stay here
with the big toes on the ground or even
the heels so toes are heels on the
ground just a little bit of the foot
connecting to the earth as you start to
wake up the core again perhaps you
haven't been here in a while so all good
right be where you are now ready Benji
there's also an option to lift the toes
maybe bring the shins parallel to the
sky or the ceiling keep the chest lifted
keep breathing if you're already
starting to sweat and shake here it's
all good and then there's an option to
reach the fingertips out so we're here
in kind of a modified boat pose look at
you wherever you are you're in a
modified
but think of lifting the chest a little
more keeping the belly nice and long all
right wherever you are I'm gonna take a
deep breath in here listen carefully and
on an exhale we're gonna go low bow low
bow you got it
stay focused here we go inhale rise up
you can catch in fact I encourage you to
catch your your wrist or your hands
behind your thighs and then here we go
low bow inhale lift up exhale low bow
inhale lift up you got it with the chest
exhale low bow inhale lift up exhale
lower inhale the left keep the chest
lifting lifting lifting the whole time
exhale to lower inhale the lift you're
doing great
exhale to lower inhale the lift exhale
to lower one more time inhale the lift
exhale to lower keep the chest lifted
inhale the lift bring the hands behind
the thighs and lower the feet to the
ground and melt your forehead down
towards your knees my favorite yoga pose
just take a total chill pill here you
can wrap the arms around the front of
the shins if you like just let the way
that they had to go no serious I love
this shape just bowing inward hitting
that release in the back body the spine
listening to the sound of your breath
all right one more round here we go
lift up high you got this yes you can
here we go even if you modify how can we
get good at kind of modifying making
things our own checking in with our core
it's nice loving kiss not a kiss of
death for good is it though okay here we
go lift the shins find your version
rather and then when you're ready inhale
in exhale lower inhale the lift exhale
to lower contracting through the ABS
inhale lift exhale lower with control
inhale lift exhale lower listen
carefully in
lift exhale shift to your left glute and
lower inhale lift back to centre
shift your right glute and lowered nice
and easy the inhale in the center shift
to the left lower inhale the center
shift to the right lower you inhale the
center one more time I need you side we
got this to the left inhale the centre
last time exhale to the right inhale to
Center bring your hands to the backs of
the thighs maybe straighten the legs all
the way up point the toes inhale in
exhale maybe I reach the fingertips
forward four three two one amazing cross
the ankles bring the hands to the tops
of the thighs smooth your heart forward
inhale and then exhale chin to chest
around through this line good extend the
legs out long
point the toes find that steeple grip
here index finger pointing forward and
then nice and easy lift your chin send
your gaze out strong almost fierce like
focus as you slowly slowly roll it down
take your time if the legs fly up who
cares to see what happens remember this
is time for you to experiment to explore
and eventually the spine comes to the
earth we can open the ankles the legs as
wide as the hips take a second here to
rock onto your left ear just the left
ear and really reach your right
fingertips out palms face up or palms
face down whatever feels good and
imagine you're receiving just a little
kiss on the right side of the neck here
relax the weight of your shoulders down
good then rock through Center roll onto
your right ear send your left fingertips
out palm face up or palm face down and
imagine you're getting a little bit of a
kiss here on the left side of the neck
lovely bring it back to Center
navel draws down to support your low
back as you slowly come to the soles of
your feet and then bring
knees up towards your chest wrap your
arms around your shins give yourself a
big hug should feel really yummy on the
lower back and then we'll grab the outer
edges of the feet or the inner arches or
the ankles for your version of happy
baby so you're gonna kick the soles of
the feet up towards the sky we're gonna
kind of find this connection between the
hands and wherever they're landing so
you're really gonna kick your feet up
but ground your hands down into the feet
so there's this little kind of
resistance you're creating almost even
yeah a little resistance there and then
lengthen your tailbone towards the front
edge of the mat so there's some
stability in this posture right so I'm
just kind of free-for-all and then once
you find that little stability you can
find what feels good from there so
stretching the legs rolling around the
spine the low back maybe just enjoying a
moment of exquisite stillness here and
neck it nice and long yeah awesome
slowly release you're gonna bring the
feet down to the earth heels in line
with the hips then just windshield wiper
the knees to the right you're gonna
bring your hands or rest gently on your
ribcage and then maybe turn back onto
your left ear get that smooch on the
neck and then come through Center plant
the feet knees go to the left we turn
onto the right ear or see that little
smooch on the left side of your neck
and then back to Center I will slowly
slowly extend the legs out one at a time
and open the palms up towards the sky
arms resting gently at your sides close
your eyes take a deep breath in and as
you exhale relax the weight of your body
completely and fully into the earth here
relax your tongue and the base of your
mouth close your eyes and then imagine
your yoga mat rising up to kiss your
body to hold you to me you know
obviously I'm having a little fun here
but I love the idea that our yoga
practice can kind of pick you up give
you a kiss and really meet you wherever
you are on any given day the hardest
part is showing up so thank you so much
for showing up here today if you're
anything like me it's also sometimes
hard to just receive so thanks for
receiving all the kisses today being
willing to stick with it I'm fill your
cup
take one more quiet breath or two here
just giving yourself permission to do
absolutely nothing to be in stillness
for a moment longer allowing the
nutrients of our practice to soak in
and as you ready gently begin to deepen
the breath
and allow your breath to inspire little
movement the fingers and the toes and
then we'll slowly bring the palms
together palm to Palm is holy Palmer's
kiss I would be totally remiss to not
say that in today's practice the final
kiss will be of the thumbs to the
forehead when you get there take one
more deep breath in lots of love in and
a nice cleansing exhale lots of love out
thank you again for sharing your time
and energy with me and all the beautiful
people and perhaps pets that are
practicing with us here in this very
moment even have a beautiful rest of the
day I'll see you next time
[Music]
[Music]
you
