what's up everyone welcome to yoga with
Adriene I'm Adriene and this is Benji
and today we have a firey practice for
courage
so hop into something comfy and let's
get started
[Music]
okay doke my friends let's begin in a
nice comfortable seat of your choice
we're just gonna take a quick second to
tune in sit up nice and tall draw your
hands together and preposition right at
your heart and just right away go ahead
and bow your head down to your hands you
start to feel a nice stretch in the back
of the neck take a deep breath in and as
you exhale relax your shoulders down
close your eyes
continue to gently deepen your breath
I'm just gonna jump right in right the
courage to show up that's where it
starts and here we are so thank you for
showing up here today for sharing your
practice with me and with Bengie take a
moment here to set a little intention if
that feels right for you today seeing if
you can elongate your inhalations maybe
extend your exhalations
and then we'll take a deep breath in
together here we go inhale and use your
exhale to relax your shoulders and
slowly lift your head back up you can
open your eyes and here we go we're
gonna draw there's some small gentle
circles with the nose one way and then
the other you might notice some sound
effects here just move nice and easy one
way and then the other by Benji peace
and then bring it back to Center we're
gonna squeeze the shoulders up to the
ears take a deep breath in and on an
exhale drop him down again squeeze and
lift big inhale and exhale drop him down
one more time big squeeze big breath and
exhale to drop it down awesome we're
gonna come forward now into all fours
spread your fingertips wide right away
finding a strong hand earth connection
tabletop position on an inhale drop the
belly open the chest really feel the
muscles of the abdominal wall stretch
here so pause here breathe claw through
the fingertips and then on your next
exhale follow the breath as you round
through the spine chin to chest take a
couple breaths here in cat pose just
feeling the back of the neck get long
we're pressing into the fingerprints or
pressing into the tops of the feet and
now flowing with the breath inhale drop
the belly open the chest look forward
exhale rounding through chin to chest
navel draws up inhale drop the belly
open the heart but your heart energy
just shine forward forward forward and
then exhale round through opposite
direction navel draws up one more time
with the sound of your breath
then inhale to neutral tabletop position
nice long beautiful neck here so we're
not collapsing we'll curl the toes under
and when you're ready peel it up to
downward facing dog if you're wearing a
baggy shirt like me might come in to
your own private little love cave here
bend the knees find what feels good nice
and then we'll take baby steps baby
steps all the way to the top of the mat
I'll meet you in a forward fold feet
hip-width apart at the top of the mat
just take a couple breaths here the
longer the better see if you can extend
your inhalation and extend that exhale
the longer the better there on your next
inhale come up to a flat back position
so palms on the shins or thighs inhale
to find length all the way through the
crown and then exhale to soften and fold
bend your knees generously really feel
that weight in your heels tuck the chin
and then take your time as you roll it
all the way up to Mountain Pose
stack your head over your heart hear
your heart over your pelvis try to find
this upward current of energy lifting
you up through your front body and then
this downward current of energy kind of
grounding you through your back body
finding your balance in between those
two opposing forces let's lift in this
fall Mountain Pose
I take a deep breath in here exhale to
spread your awareness through all four
corners of your feet on your next inhale
go ahead and spread the fingertips reach
the hands all the way up towards the sky
and then exhale palms are going to kiss
together we're going to slice it
right down the midline here all the way
down back to that forward fold
good inhale halfway lift here find
length through the crown of the head
exhale uttanasana forward fold
awesome ground through the feet root to
rise here we're gonna inhale reach all
the way back up and then exhale palms
come together and melt down right to
your heart good nice cleansing breath
here inhale in through the nose exhale
out through the mouth
good inhale fingertips go down to come
up reach for the sky exhale palms kiss
together and we go all the way down Shh
good inhale halfway lift find length
from crown to tail so really reaching
and then exhale fold everything down
good
here we go fingertips kiss the mat I'm
gonna step just the right foot back just
the right foot now squeeze inner thighs
to the midline strong legs here you got
this you can lower the back knee here if
you like inhale reach the fingertips
forward up and back
big breath big stretch welcoming some
heat and then exhale plant the palms
step the left toes back plank pose pause
here lower the knees here if you like
lifting up through the upper back body
so your shoulder blades are moving left
to right spreading and you feel this
doming effect in the upper back body
now lower belly draws in and up we hug
the lower ribs in in in we're here four
three two and then on the one send the
hips up high and back downward facing
dog
awesome work bend the knees here inhale
in and then exhale out through the mouth
find stillness good baby steps at the
top of the mat take your time take your
time here we go inhale halfway lift find
lengthen the neck exhale just soften and
fold it back in awesome fingertips kiss
the mat we're gonna step the left toes
back keep that back knee lifted always
the option to lower it but maybe you
start with the lift squeezing the inner
thighs to the midline here we go inhale
scoop
fingertips forward up and back so we're
at a high lunge here a nice low lunge
breathing deep waking up the body lift
your heart up towards the sky take a
deep breath in exhale slow and steady
back down to your lunge plant the palms
step the right toes back plank pose okay
spread the fingertips and your gaze down
reach the heels back crown forward have
courage dear one here we go inhale in
exhale just gonna turn onto the outer
edge of the left foot inner arch of the
right foot so the little twist in the
belly good back to Center and then over
to the right good back to Center take a
deep breath in exhale hips up high and
back downward facing dog
awesome pedal it out inhale in and then
exhale find stillness good inhale bend
the knees look forward exhale make your
way to the top good from here inhale
halfway lift your version find length in
the neck exhale to soften and fold bend
the knees reach the fingertips toward
the sky big inhale here as you reach all
the way up and then exhale hands to
heart inhale in through the nostrils
exhale out through the mouth
lift your sternum up to your thumbs here
another deep breath in inhale in through
the nose and exhale out through the
mouth inhale fingertips go down to come
up we scoop them all the way up towards
the sky exhale palms just together and
we go all the way down forward fold
good inhale halfway lift finally try to
find something new each time we come to
this shape good and then exhale soften
and fold bend the knees plant the palms
step one foot back than the other plank
pose here we go tik-tok to the left so
you're gonna move to the left nice and
easy press into both palms evenly here
and then all the way to Center and take
it to the right and then keep it going
to the left and to the right
gazes straight down
turning on those obliques here we go to
the left
breathing through Center to the right
one more time to the left and the right
awesome work come back to Center
you can lower onto the knees here if you
like squeeze the elbows in here we go
shift forward on the toes and lower all
the way to your belly inhale press into
the tops of the feet baby Cobra we rise
up over the heart look forward exhale
soften and release awesome work curl the
toes under inhale in exhale press up
power up plank pose or half plank you
got this now gaze straight down and
whisper quietly to yourself I am strong
downward facing dog hips up high and
back great work on your next inhale lift
the right leg up high exhale step the
right foot all the way up we're gonna
pivot on the back foot and you're gonna
roll up roll up to warrior one front
knees bent when you're ready reach the
fingertips towards the sky so strong
legs here big inhale as you lift your
heart your chest up exhale warrior two
as you open up to the left back to the
turn in good inhale peaceful warrior
reach the right fingertips forward up
and back front knee stays bent beautiful
and now here we go big move follow your
breath as you cartwheel
all the way back to your nice low lunge
plant the palms step the right toes back
inhale look forward shift forward exhale
all the way to the belly inhale lift up
Cobra exhale to soften and release
inhale in here as you curl the toes
under exhale press up power up plank
pose quietly whisper to yourself I am
strong downward facing dog inhale in
exhale out through the mouth
good inhale lift the left leg up high
exhale shifted forward step it up take
your time
pivot on the back foot roll it up so
front knees bent and I like the roll up
because you can really ground her
feet rise up strong beautiful then
inhale scoop the arms up warrior one
beautiful lift your chest open up
warrior two breathe out strong and
steady back toes are turned in good
inhale keep the front knee bent left
fingertips reach forward up and back
nice long neck inhale inhale inhale and
then exhale here we go big cartwheel all
the way down take your time take up
space here we go plant the palms step
the left toes back back to the tick-tock
here we go to the left nice and easy and
to the right and no over to the left and
to the right and to the left and to
their right getting strong and our
abdominals to the left and to the right
half courage you got this all over to
the left and last time to the right you
got it and then all the way through a
vinyasa either belly it's a Cobra or
chaturanga to upward facing dog move
with your breath meet me and downward
facing dog feel free to take a little
break if you need to we'll meet in
downward dog slow down your breath claw
through the fingertips take pressure out
of the wrists inhale bend the knees
carve in line with the nose look forward
exhale make your way to the top inhale
halfway lift nice flat back position
here and exhale to soften and full good
inhale root to rise reach for the sky
big breath big stretch lift your heart
and then exhale capture that magic bring
it all the way back down palms together
at heart center close your eyes here
inhale and deep we and exhale nice
cleansing breath out through the mouth
one more just like that big inhale and
exhale out through the mouth
awesome inhale lift your sternum to your
thumbs on an exhale relax your shoulders
down inhale in again exhale gaze forward
bend your knees send your hips back
sternum still reaching towards those
thumbs beautiful inhale in exhale you're
gonna take your right elbow bring it
over towards the outer edge of your left
knee big twist here right hand comes
into a fist left hand comes on top and
you use this as a little kind of fulcrum
a little place to move from here
breathing wide nice and steady in time
dropping those hips inhale in exhale
slowly release come into your forward
fold standing forward fold nice inhale
halfway lift your version
exhale to soften in full let it go
good bend the knees and the hips back
palms come together at heart center here
we go to the other side left elbow all
the way up and over sink back into those
heels left hand comes into a fist right
hand on top here we go sending your gaze
out past your right shoulder right elbow
sinking those hips down low breathing
into the belly inhale in nice work and
exhale to slowly melt it back forward
fold good inhale halfway lift and exhale
to let it all go nice bend the knees
plant the palms step it back to plank
pose okeydoke this time claw through the
fingertips we're gonna take the right
toes and just take it off the mat
tapping the toe off the mat good bring
it back to Center tapping the left toes
off the mat toe taps back and forth keep
it going nice and easy now bring that
awareness of your spine into it here
crown reaching forward tail reaching
back we're finding that inner support
system by hugging
ribs in drawing the navel in and up in
Abunda upper arm bones rotating out
clawing into the fingertips here four
five four three two and go ahead and
even it out on the one and then slowly
lower all the way to the belly belly to
Cobra or chaturanga to upward facing dog
we want meat and downward facing dog you
got this you got this I'll meet you
there
excellent and down dog take a deep
breath in and let some of it go again
inhale in exhale don't let something go
inhale lift the right leg up high exhale
to step it all the way up inhale keep
the back heel lifted as you sweep the
arms forward up and back and we're
really gonna exaggerate the lift in this
back heel on this high lunge good inhale
to lift your heart up towards the sky
exhale you're gonna send the fingertips
back airplane arms and look forward
front knees over front ankle we can stay
here or inhale in exhale begin to lift
off the back leg coming into a warrior
three variation here just playing gazing
forward putting it all together hugging
the abdominal wall in reaching the
fingertips back neck nice and long good
inhale and Trust keep your gaze forward
have courage we're gonna slowly release
the left toes to the ground the ground
is there to catch us we inhale come back
to the high lunge lift the left heel off
the ground and then exhale warrior two
to the left inhale
this time straighten the right leg as
you reach the right fingertips all the
way up and back reverse triangle and
then exhale cartwheel it all the way
back down to your lunge beautiful plant
the palms step the right toes back belly
took over here or chaturanga to upward
facing dog
move
your breath meet me in downward facing
dog in down dog inhale lots of love in
exhale lots of love how here we go
inhale lift the left leg up high exhale
step it all the way up lift the right
heel keep it lifted as you scoop the
fingertips bring the arms forward up and
back draw the navel in and up slow down
your breath inhale lift your heart up
towards the sky exhale front knee over
front ankle as we lean forward send the
fingertips back now we're staying here
working or we might try today even if we
fall inhaling in exhaling using that
connection to Center using the lengthen
the spine to lift off the back leg maybe
send the right toes down towards the
Earth lifting the right inner thigh
towards the sky and we fly here maybe
maybe for a moment maybe not if you're
flying or working towards that draw your
shoulder blades together send your gaze
out in front nice long beautiful neck
slight bend in your standing leg peeling
that left hip crease up dialing that
right hip down you're doing great
wherever you are take a deep breath in
if the back leg is lifted trust the
ground is there to catch you we'll
slowly release the right toes to the
ground and everyone will pick up
together here by inhaling reaching the
fingertips all the way up towards the
sky great lift the back heel stretching
through the flesh of that back foot
grounded through the front foot and then
here we go on an exhale open warrior two
to the right good here we go
straightening through the front leg
inhale reach the left fingertips forward
up and back reverse triangle and then
from Center navel draws in we'll
cartwheel it all the way back plant the
palms last call for vinyasa take it or
leave it you can go straight to downward
facing dog
or you can take a little dance here
we'll meet in downward-facing dog last
down dog I'll meet you there here we go
nice cleansing breath in through the
nose and now a lion's breath tongue out
good inhale in on and exhale slow
descend the knees down to the earth
bring the big toes together knees as
wide as the mat turn the right
fingertips towards the right edge of
your mat and around left fingertips
towards the left edge of your mat and
around ground through the fingertips
here then inhale send your gaze out
can't have a courage practice without
the lion here we go deep inhale in
through the nose and exhale Lions breath
tongue out and the hips back good -
inhale in and exhale tongue out gaze up
Lions breath and one more don't be shy
here we go go for it inhaling deeply and
exhale Lions breath tongue out awesome
hands first nice and easy come back they
ground we'll walk the knees together
shift the hips up come off the toes and
then send the hips back Child's Pose you
can paint your yoga mat here dragging
the hands until we finally melt the
heart melt the forehead and take a rest
so if this shape is not a place doesn't
offer a place to rest for you you can
modify now let's all come to a little
stillness where we can begin to relax
the shoulders and allow our natural
rhythm of breath to come back nice and
easy slow and steady
just whatever feels good with the breath
awesome from here slowly bring the hands
back up well rock forward swing the legs
to one side as you come up
take your time we're gonna send the legs
out and we're gonna come all the way on
to our back you can get there however
you like maybe you send the legs out and
do a slow roll down if you want a little
more connection to core today otherwise
get there however you like and when you
get there we're gonna hug the knees into
the chest should feel yummy on the low
back and then sudden your left leg out
long inhale in as you exhale guide your
right knee across your body over towards
the left side of the mat and then open
out through your right arm your right
way into a nice supine twist breathe
deep here maybe take your right ear
towards the earth inhale in exhale nice
and slow all the way back to Center you
go and then we'll hug both knees into
the chest again and then kick the right
foot out inhale in here use your exhale
to guide the left leg over towards the
right side
and now we'll open up towards the left
take your time working to bring your
left ear towards the earth all right
take advantage close your eyes take a
deep breath in here a long breath out so
nice inhale in again exhale to bring it
all back to Center we'll hug the knees
into the chest one last time capture
your knees with your palms and then nice
and easy peek at me if you need to
you're just gonna send the shins forward
and we're not doing anything here we're
just
feeling this slight connection of the
sacrum on the earth the low back kind of
comes up a bit just kind of neutralizing
the spine and you can even part your
lips and soften your jaw here then
release the feet to the ground walk the
feet as wide as your yoga mat and bring
the two knees in to kiss each other
hands can rest gently on the belly we're
gonna finish here with a couple of deep
loving breaths you inhale lots of love
in as you exhale close your eyes lots of
love out and let these breaths be loving
let them be courageous remember just the
mere act of showing up can be so
incredibly grand so beneficial putting
us in a position physically mentally
emotionally and energetically to be
brave to be confident and when we feel
that courage
it's incredible what what all we can do
what all we can share how we can serve
mm-hmm-hmm-hmm
take one more deep breath in exhale to
about the eyelashes open you can bring
the palms together if you like thumbs to
third eye and we'll finish by just kind
of acknowledging one another high-fiving
to the courageous superhero within
acknowledging our unique superpowers
that we all possess if only we could
connect to those on a more regular basis
my my mind love you guys so much hope to
see you again soon
take good care namaste
[Music]
you
