hello people of the world welcome to
yoga with Adriene I'm Adriene and today
we have an awesome practice to help you
spice it up
so hop into something comfy and let's
get started
[Music]
all right party people let's begin
today's practice standing at the top of
the mat go ahead and bring the feet
together really together as if up tight
through the legs find that strong base
and then we're gonna just begin with
some nice easy shoulder circles one way
whoa and then the other you can move
your head check in with the neck I'm
just finding a little bit of movement
fluidity in the shoulders and the neck
but keeping this kind of strong base in
the legs awesome then when you're ready
bring the hands all the way to your
heart palms pressing together we're
gonna go for an active press here so
elbows are gonna go left to right
we're gonna press the palms together
we're gonna draw the navel in just a bit
draw the navel in and up just for a
little support on the spine awesome then
inhale you're gonna send your gaze out
or maybe find a place on the ground to
focus your gaze upon and we're gonna
inhale lift up off the heels even if
it's just for a moment squeeze legs
together and then exhale drop the heels
good inhale to lift and exhale to lower
inhale the lift keep this active
pressing the palms exhale to lower two
more times inhale the lift
wooh exhale to lower and inhale the lift
good exhale to lower drop the fingertips
down inhale reach them up high
exhale wiggle the fingertips as you
float it all the way down to our first
forward fold so bend your knees here
Billie's gonna drape over the tops of
the thighs so bend your knees as
generously as you like here find what
feels good shake the head a little yes a
little no take a nice deep breath in
through the nose and a nice almost sassy
fiery fierce breath out through the
mouth whatever that means here just let
something go one more time just like
that inhale in and exhale saya
awesome on your next inhale slide the
hands to the shins or the thighs and
find this nice flat back position here
one nice beautiful postural line from
the crown to the tail of course there's
a natural curvature here but it feels as
though there's one straight line for
crown to tail now suck the elbows into
your side body here slight bend in the
knees as you pull the hip creases up and
back even more tuck the chin to lengthen
the back of the neck imagine you're
placing a little teacup on the back of
the neck
good now lift the toes here adding on
lift the toes we're here for one more
cycle of breath breathe in breathe out
release the toes come back to the
forward fool let everything go nice
awesome root to rise here inhale reach
for the sky big breath big stretch
listen carefully exhale bend the elbows
lift your chest open your heart up
towards the sky in him stack it up reach
for the sky exhale look up and the
elbows squeeze the shoulder blades
together good one more time inhale reach
it up exhale squeeze this time release
the fingertips all the way down and
interlace behind the tip you can square
off if there is cereal you can work to
bring the palms together ground through
all four curves the feet here opening up
through the chest
awesome now send your gaze forward to
drop your chin imagine these two hip
points kind of shining up towards your
face you're really getting your Center
underneath you here good then soft bend
in the knees you're gonna step or slide
whatever feels best in your body or
practice today you're gonna step or
slide the left toes back all the way
back to a nice high lunge good inhale
open your chest exhale pivot on the back
foot nice and easy you're gonna slowly
turn towards your left as if you were
coming into extended side angle but
we're gonna keep the bind yeah baby
excellent inhale in here exhale come
right back the way you just came in
you're gonna draw your navel and we're
gonna dial our heart forward
we're gonna pivot on the back foot lift
the back heel and here we'll break for
your
least the fingertips feel that the flush
of energy that blood flow is you reach
the fingertips up high inhale in exhale
hands come back down to the heart you're
going to bend that back knee and step it
right back up to Mountain Pose
awesome work inhale and deeply and
exhale completely good fingertips go
down to come up big inhale to reach for
the sky exhale spread the fingertips
bend your elbows we're gonna squeeze the
shoulder blades together lift your heart
maybe a slight backbend here good inhale
reach for the sky exhale bend the elbows
lift your chest shoulder blades kiss
together good inhale reach up and exhale
one more time moving those caps here we
go lifting the chest lift lift lift this
time fingertips interlace opposite thumb
on top so the one that feels a little
funky a little spicy here we go inhale
lift the chest you got this exhale drop
the shoulders down good now send your
gaze out in front nice easy even breath
so nice long smooth deep breaths good
then we're gonna slowly slide or step
the right foot back all the way back
beautiful inhale in lift your chest lift
your heart exhale pivot on the back foot
and you're gonna continue to keep that
front knee bent you're gonna continue to
dial your heart towards the right as if
you were coming in to extended side
angle but keep the bind here mm-hmm-hmm
opening up to the right side spiral your
heart up towards the sky take a deep
breath in then exhale draw your navel in
for stability from your core pivot all
the way back heart dials forward Center
gets underneath us we keep the back heel
lifted here as we release the fingertips
and reach them all the way up nice work
here we go breathing deep here inhale in
lift your heart look up and exhale hands
come together back down towards the
heart we bend that back knee and we step
it all the way back up Mountain Pose
take a deep breath in here and a long
breath out beautiful fingertips go down
to come up inhale reach for the sky
exhale rain it down forward fold inhale
halfway lift your version
exhale to soften and fold step one foot
back then the other for plank
spread the fingertips wide for this
first one take a couple full deep
breaths in just paying attention to your
foundation first right the hands
stacking of the bones where do I need to
be activating where should I be reaching
hugging playing here mm-hmm
take a deep breath in look forward
exhale lower all the way down to the
belly inhale to rise up Cobra exhale to
soften and full curl the toes under
inhale in exhale depress strong up to
plank and then inhale to shift forward
and exhale send hips high and back
downward facing dog
beautiful inhale in here exhale out good
inhale we're gonna lift up onto the toes
lift the heels draw the navel up and in
and you're gonna go up over an imaginary
hurdle here back into that plank great
from here we're gonna slowly turn on to
the left the outer edge of the left foot
reach the right fingertips all the way
up towards the sky a little side plank
variation playing with it and then
coming all the way back through your
plank good establish that those
connections here we go to the other side
tilting to the right left fingertips
reaching all the way up towards the sky
nice long beautiful neck and then back
to Center beautiful find your connection
inhale to look forward exhale to lower
to the belly good inhale Cobra exhale to
release inhale in here exhale the press
up strong to plank inhale the shift
forward look forward exhale to send the
hips up high and back downward facing
dog
here we go over that hurdle creating a
little heat navel draws up and over or a
lot of heat over the hurdle we go into
plank
here we go rocking to the left this time
maybe you stack the feet reaching the
right fingertips all the way up towards
the sky
good then coming through to Center take
a deep breath in exhale find that
connection to your core maybe stacking
the feet as we come to side plank on the
other side lifting left fingertips up
high good come back to Center feel that
heat inhale look forward exhale lower to
the belly inhale we rise Cobra with
breath exhale with control we fall
forehead kisses the earth inhale in here
feel your belly on the ground and then
exhale press up to plank strong and
steady good inhale look forward exhale
to downward facing dog take a deep
breath in here and a long breath out
then slowly lower your knees take a
moment to rest Child's Pose if you want
you can take your resting posture and
downward facing dog three breaths
child's pose or downward facing dog
if you're in Child's Pose slowly make
your way back up and everyone in
downward facing dog bend your knees
generously carve a line with your nose
to look all the way up inhale in and
exhale step hop float dance your way to
the top feet together really together
legs zipped up we come into our forward
fold on your next inhale lift it up
halfway a nice flat back position and
exhale to soften and release bow your
head good bend your knees bring your
thumbs to your hip creases pull the hip
creases back let that be what lifts your
heart up send your gaze out in front dig
deep into your heels fingertips go down
to come up look at us in a chair pose so
as we welcome a little more fire can we
keep our breath nice and smooth and even
and long keep the skin of the face soft
does you build some heat
maybe sink a little lower here inhaling
deeply and exhale maybe a little lower
inhale in deeply and last one you got it
maybe a little lower here sink back
excellent now ground through the feet or
reach all the way up deep breath in
palms gets together as you
and slow down to the heart inhale in and
exhale to relax the shoulders awesome
so from here we're gonna spread our
weight evenly through the sole the left
foot and you're gonna imagine a little
marionette string lifting your right
knee all the way up into a standing
one-legged Tadasana and you can use this
nice active palm press here that we had
from before plus all of our connection
to center and core inhale and feel free
to slide the toes if you like otherwise
we're gonna step the right foot back
once again great from here and inhale
you're gonna reach both fingertips up
just like we did before and then exhale
slowly melt your left fingertips back
down so you just have one arm up right
arm up left fingertips down energy in
the arms energy in the fingertips inhale
in exhale hug the lower ribs in navel
draws in to contract on the exhale and
we're going to slowly straighten the
legs lift up the right heel peek at me
if you need to and we're gonna send the
left fingertips forward right fingertips
back gazes straight down good inhale
bend the front knee we're gonna switch
right arm goes up left arm goes back
deep bend in the front knee lift your
heart feel that big stretch on the right
hip crease that so has everything
awakening here good inhale exhale navel
draws up so from Center we start this
movement straighten through the front
leg lift the back heel send the left
fingertips forward right fingertips back
you straight down good inhale switch
bend the front knee right fingertips
goes up go up left fingertips go down
all right it's gonna take a second to
get all good this one's for the brain -
here we go
moving into that straight leg position
breathing out left fingertips forward
right fingertips back and inhale bend
that front knee sink down low drop your
Center reach reach reach right
fingertips back and exhale here we go
last one
and inhale reach right fingertips up
great from here go ahead and bring the
left fingertips up to meet it palms come
together and slide back down to the
heart bend your back knee you inhale in
exhale step it back up to Mountain
catch your breath inhale in exhale slow
and steady breathe out
[Applause]
nice work
okay shifting weight and awareness now
into that right foot here we go lifting
that left knee up on a little marionette
string find that active connection
between your palms elbows left to right
standing one-legged Tadasana find your
balance today it's different every day
that's the thing about balancing poses
right they do not lie it's all good
inhale in you can slide the left toes on
the ground if that better suits your you
today otherwise keep it lifted inhale in
exhale let's send those left toes back
all right fingertips are gonna go down
to come up here we go inhale reach for
the sky keep the left arm lifting right
fingertips slide down and then send them
back so lots of energy in the arms lots
of energy in the fingertips spread your
fingers okay first find this big
connection here breathing deep beautiful
inhale in a long belly maybe you look up
exhale we're going to lift from the
pelvic floor so squeeze the inner thighs
to the midline we switch here left
fingertips go back right fingertips go
forward I'm pressing into the ball joint
of my front big toe for balance
straightening both legs really lifting
lifting lifting that left heel back up
good then I bend the front knee and
switch left fingertips forward and all
the way up right fingertips go back a
100% full body experience here we go
it's okay if it takes some time here
exhale navel draws up and in let me
straighten both legs we lift lift lift
right fingertips forward left fingertips
back and inhale bend that front knee
left fingertips sweep forward and all
the way up the right fingertips sweep
back exhale navel draws up and in a
little bit of a pyramid variation here
right fingertips forward left fingers
SPAC inhale we bend the front knee left
fingertips forward right fingertips
reach back really reach beyond the
fingertips you've been here good inhale
we come forward you got this pull the
right hip crease back lift up off that
left heel and inhale
bend the front knee reach reach reach
okay last one here we go we got this
navel draws in breathe out here we go
straighten the legs right fingertips
forward left fingertips back and last
one Bend that front knee building
strength so good for the whole body of
the brain here here we go left
fingertips up and now right fingertips
up big breath in stick with it exhale
palms come together and float down to
the heart with control stick with it
we'll bend that back knee and from
Center connect to your core step that
back foot up to meet the front bring the
feet together really together awesome
work interlace the fingertips here press
the palms forward up and back dig into
the heels
maybe carve in line with your nose look
all the way up we're breathing here for
ten nine eight seven six breathe five
four three two and on the 1 we'll
release fingertips slow slowly float
down at your sides go ahead and bring
your chin now parallel to the earth if
you feel comfortable close your eyes
here Mountain Pose and just notice
notice how you feel can you feel the
warmth and the low back the warmth on
your brow your lip can you feel or
notice areas here that might be a little
bit clenched that you can soften and
surrender maybe you feel a little
emotion maybe not
inhale reach the fingertips up exhale
forward fold take it all the way down
bend your knees just a little love for
the low back here walk the fingertips to
one side any side and then to the other
keep breathing nice active breath walk
it back to Center inhale halfway lift
last one exhale soften fold everything
in tuck the chin bend your knees
generously and begin to slowly roll it
up stacking through the spine nice then
keep your gaze straight out here so you
don't need to look down just trust that
the ground is there you're gonna walk
your feet as wide as your yoga mat
you're going to turn the toes just
slightly out you're gonna bend your
knees just a little bit and we're gonna
take the arms gently side to side here
we're gonna end with a little knocking
on heaven's door moving the energy
spicing it up giving you that energy
that you need to maybe go for a walk or
cook dinner or write something do
something creative maybe dance in your
living room whatever you need the energy
to do I hope this practice will support
you in doing that no one said it was
always gonna be easy right but it's
about the exploration the willingness
keep it a weak and alive and just by sit
up keep sharp alright slow it down bring
you back to Center again you don't need
to look down bring those feet together
like the awesome person you are it's
gonna be something else and we'll close
by bringing on the palms together at the
heart
bow the head if you like just give
thanks for this moment carving out some
time for yourself
I admire you thanks for sharing your
valuable time and energy with me hope to
see you again soon
Alaska
[Music]
[Music]
you
