hey guys
Ava here I'm a little bit nervous today
my local friend Abdullah here in Riyadh
in Saudi Arabia is about to take me
ghost hunting yeah
ghost hunting in an abandoned haunted
hospital right here in Riyadh can you
blame me for being nervous this is not
the kind of experience I signed up for
when I decided to come here to Saudi
Arabia this is definitely not something
I expected to happen on this trip but
here goes
see when I arrived in Saudi I quickly
made a new friend his name
Abdullah occupation professional ghost
hunter on YouTube
Abdullah crosses Saudi Arabia and search
of Supernatural sightings and jinns he
invited me to come with one of his
expressions right here oh yeah must
allege there must be one of these videos
to let them up I'm doing some research
now it seems that ghosts and spirits in
some way shape or form exist in
practically every religion but in Islam
specifically they referred to as jinns
and that's what makes this experience
all the more special because we're not
just going ghost hunting we're going
jinn hunting I first became interested
in the idea of the jinn by reading tales
from the region most of us know these
stories from pop culture but the more I
dug I realized that the jinns were taken
very seriously in the Islamic sacred
texts the Holy Quran the thing is this
isn't my typical kind of adventure this
is not something that I necessarily love
to do if you've been following along on
my channel you'll know
but I love you know nature the outdoors
the mountains greenery like things like
that not so much like abandoned scary
haunted places that's not really my vibe
but you know in the name of pushing
ourselves and and and pushing our
boundaries and growing and trying out
new things I'm gonna do this and I don't
really believe in like supernatural
beings and stuff like that but the more
I think about it the more I look into it
the more I watch Abdullah's videos the
more unsettled I become and the more
this is all starting to feel a little
bit more real and a little bit freaky
that's not helping me get ready for this
no not really but you know like when
you're like in an abandoned empty place
and suddenly like there's a noise or a
sound that you don't expect you just get
freaked out did you get freaked out like
even if you don't believe in ghosts
[Music]
I I really hope that I don't have to
experience that today
[Music]
all right so I just got a message that
they've they're about to arrive just
five minutes so I'm going to get ready
so this is what I've got here be wearing
a head torch throughout my entire
experience was not just so I can light
up the way and here I put my Amaya
Musa it's just something that was happy
Arabia where it's not by law anymore but
it is customary you have also got
another torch here extra light it's
pretty strong on the GoPro okay so I
guess this is probably your best tool
for adventure filmmaking
- ready
I don't honestly just I've been seeking
myself out the whole day about this you
know what like the light is moving here
the quarter as it stays are you doing
good for myself okay right let's go
downstairs abdullah and his friend sama
women to pick me up in their car
[Applause]
Hey hi
nice to see you guys and nice to meet
you so long I'm great Abdul lies our
resident ghost hunter he's gonna be our
guide
- me - honestly let's see what we find
where are we trying to please it's very
big Hospital abandoned Hospital Oh
creepy have you been there before Ya Ya
Ya Ya video in the YouTube for it and
also I found ghosts really yeah
all the doors no really but it's very
tricky sometimes you find sometimes they
didn't appear at all so I feel scared
yeah this is good
here because this is very good I don't
think
very good someone are you feeling I
don't want to go anymore you know about
policing
they will not help us
alright this is it this is it it's all
completely blocked off there's these
huge boulders here are you telling us
not to go inside and there you see that
rubble and that over there is the
hospital starts from there goes all the
way around like someone is watching us
now I can feel that oh my god as I also
have like a weird feeling in my heart of
my stomach
I feel like a sensation of just being in
a place where maybe we shouldn't be
anyone inside just run to make up I
don't know do you really want to go in
there is no way we can go back from this
it's ready I don't want it going this
place is so crazy creepy
I don't if you want to look back I don't
even want to look back no okay anyway oh
my god opening doors and what is that
that's the morgue let's go no no no no
can you smell can you smell the smell of
these yeah the what is it liquid things
oh my god I don't want to see this I'm
gonna want to see this this is the more
coal oh my god food what's that smell
yeah it's me you can smell it right it
was like arsenic or something you know
how to get out of here no you don't know
how to get out of here no can you hear
that
what's that sound there was like a weird
humming it just stopped right let's go
that we don't want to say you know I
wait wait wait wait wait no absolutely
huge staircase we're going up we're
going upstairs Abdullah said that he
felt the presence upstairs so that's
very good right behind this yeah same
the whole way throughout even feeling
like like there's someone here apart
from just us okay oh my god yeah
dude I wasn't sure
what it was it was a person or ghosts to
be anonymous
Abdullah waitress
no dr. nobody seriously run fast steady
no why don't open it
what the sign is telling you not to go
I don't want to go there I'm Taylor just
be careful what do you see
he's gonna go in somewhere that we don't
find him
Abdullah where you did you just walk
past the old surgery oh my god that's
the building we're outside again we're
back to where we started
yeah yeah where we going now I'm not
going in that's it for me going in you
can try one more there's so many open
doors all around here oh my god we're
going down into one of the cellars
it's just water it's flooded just water
everywhere yes
let's go out let's go out if you want to
go outside it's closed I don't know what
I would do but I think I'll just read it
even Iran you can't run our next stop on
our ghost hunting tour is the compound
this is a compound where all the nurses
lived and the staff as well it was just
right there and the thing about this
place because after those saying that
nobody has ever properly gone inside and
exploded so nobody really knows what's
inside what's happening what we can find
things that we want to find everything
that we don't want to find but do you
think that there is no door to go inside
so you need to jump up the wall there's
something happened inside you need to
run and jump back can you do that he's
saying that before it was it was too
many problems happened here too many
that's why I don't closely what kind of
problems
[Music]
someone killed himself suicide drugs
option a jumping the wall like Abdullah
I should be staying here if I'm staying
here
I'm going right back to the back
nananana she's the smart one option a
justification
[Applause]
yeah how in the hell is so far oh my god
what I am serious
no yeah what do you feel smell is really
really sick smells like rotten sick
things
really taking us further
[Music]
okay let's go I'm doing okay oh my god
the door just closed alright okay we're
just about to leave this haunted really
creepy really creepy abandoned hospital
compound Abdullah felt something
touching him he was convinced that there
it's a presence there we both Sam and I
we both felt a very very tense very you
know that feeling when something
squeezes your stomach in your heart and
you're just completely contracting like
that's how we both felt what's about you
I'm looking forward to getting back home
he's been hunted yeah and honestly like
the whole time that we were there I
didn't I have the sense I have the sense
that someone was watching us right yeah
check this out
look this is where I was saying that the
ghost touched him
appreciate that there's gum on his back
just a feeling Adventures because this
guy does it properly so if I hear ghosts
tonight I need to stay strong yeah this
was a lot of fun it was really scary
really creepy this is very good anyway
really nice to meet you I hope I see you
again yeah
stay alive stay strong this was one cool
adventure that I never expected to have
in Saudi Arabia so huge thank you to
Abdullah and to Salma
alright I'm just in bed in my room after
this crazy adventure which was
incredible what a great evening you know
it really pushed him to get out of my
comfort zone because I don't normally
like creepy abandoned places that's not
really my vibe
if you've been following me for a while
you'll probably know that I'm more into
like the nature and that kind of thing
but this was really cool I mean you know
he got to push it with boundaries once
in a while and I loved it but the thing
I love the most about this whole evening
was actually just getting to know
Abdullah and sama two really really cool
people you know I'm do as a local
vlogger and he's so passionate about
what he does and Salman is just a super
cool chick she's Sudanese but she's been
living in Saudi her whole life and it's
just been so much fun hanging out with
them you know just like getting to know
the locals and that's always my favorite
part of any trip so yeah a big shoutout
goes to both of them and make sure that
you check out Abdullah's channel on
youtube and if you enjoyed this vlog it
would mean the world to me if you
subscribe to my channel too for more
adventures not just from Saudi but from
all around the world from places that
tourists don't normally venture out -
thank you guys so much for watching and
I hope to see you in the next vlog
