guys it's day seven of the desert other
than quarantine and Stan's mom it's a
very special place this place means a
lot to me last time that I was here in
socotra I met someone special on a very
remote beach in the middle of nowhere in
a tiny little set of that man was aiming
at let's build this entire shelter all
by himself from rocks and twigs and
branches and he lived here completely
alone he is like modern-day he did see
my video he wants to come out here but
nobody lives here like you did the last
true
this here is one kitchen and here is
another kitchen with a fire pit in it
here we go there's still a lot of chai
right there on the fire and over here
these are the rooms where he would
welcome guests
so here is one guest room and here is
the lodge kind of drawing room where we
hung out you know I remember our meeting
so distinctly he's not there and then he
moved here and we sat here for a while
with a translator and at the end
Mohammed said goodbye to me my Salama
about a million times and we laughed and
loved but master llama for the last time
I'd like to dedicate this video to your
memory
[Music]
we'll be remembered
