it was not common to see a group of
women traveling or just a group of
friends traveling around Saudi it's not
something that you see people used to
travel even you've been driving oh yeah
i donnelly yeah so we had to have
annoyed with the man hey guys over here
today I am in Jeddah in Saudi Arabia but
not for long because I'm embarking on a
road trip this year this is nada
she lives in Jeddah general travel
badass we're going off on a road trip
together with a couple of other
girlfriend and we're going where don't
allege homeless which is what exactly
the Maldives of Saudi Arabia so we're
going into the supermarket here in
Jeddah to pick up some that many seasons
and also two of our other girlfriends
yellow
[Music]
Hey dinner's ready
craziest thing ever so here in Saudi
Arabia
this candy apparently is really popular
now there's nothing weird about candy
being popular but this candy is Polish
fudge I'm polish originally I don't know
where this stuff comes from but I see
baby :
there we go did you like this stuff
everyone in Saudi Arabia graphic that we
call it I know since our ghetto which
means the cows can get the cows panda
which is exactly what we call it in
Poland this way ya little cows okay this
is Rona
she lives in Jeddah fashionista turned
nature junkie there's one more person
they were looking for oh yeah it said ah
I guess she is either and this is pretty
much everything that we need to cook a
feast on the beach
nice to finally see you too this is Ezra
she lives in Jeddah quit her job for the
love of travel we're ready let's go the
four of us decided to go on a road trip
together and spend the first night on a
beach this is leg one of our roads
[Music]
[Music]
we go together
[Music]
doesn't matter
because we go together
[Music]
[Music]
qualify it might sound crazy now
by us as opposed to
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
cuz we go together
[Music]
before we do anything else it's time for
morning coffee how was your night guys I
had a great night great sleep yeah
wasn't it cold I think you are cold
it was cold okay just as it was called I
agree okay so the plan is to drive down
to the marina to the marina oh well that
was the original plan but it seemed like
the universe had a different idea well
this is not quite the Maldives of the
Red Sea
what happened data tell us so the
weather condition is not permitting us
to get on the boat right now so we're
just gonna kill time and hopefully in a
couple of hours the weather gets better
yeah hopefully so we're gonna get some
news from our boat captain in there for
hours yeah
so for now we're gonna just walk around
and hope for the best
we found this traditional town house and
roamed around sighs that is until the
instagramers in us woke up very
different going to take a lot of
pictures this is the insta life ladies
and gentlemen
[Music]
eventually all that instagramming got us
hungry and we headed to a local
restaurant little did we know Arabic is
not an easy language there's more like
we've got two horrors of seafood years
this seafood comes straight from the
coast right here on the Red Sea we paid
around 20 bucks each for the semester
feast of the freshest fish and crab and
lobster you can find anywhere and just
look at this shrimp prawn I'm not real
sure what this is but it looks in a same
lunch
that's a lobster that's a lobster so
we're having Lobster in this tiny little
town or the coast of Saudi Arabia it's
just insane
[Music]
the miele was amazing but don't let it
fool you this is not why I came out here
I wanted to ask the girls what it's like
to be a female traveler in Saudi
so I'm giving in revision by lipid Saudi
Arabia and I travel solo around the
world but to like countries that most
people don't go to but recently I've
been loving exploring Saudi that I
haven't traveled abroad there I have
started to travel abroad year and a half
ago but since I started to travel
locally and exploring Saudi I fell in
love with it
actually I didn't travel a lot around
the word now I'm focusing more in
exploring Saudi Arabia what's it like to
travel in Saudi Arabia as a woman we
never needed a permission to travel
domestically as a woman it was just a
custom it was not common to see a group
of women traveling or just a group of
friends traveling around Saudi it's not
something that you see people who
struggle even if you've been driving oh
yeah exactly yeah so he has to have a go
with the man guys
before it was a little bit difficult not
very difficult but never flexible now
after the women empowerment things and
so it's getting better no it's gonna
change also so no it just makes it a lot
easier for us to just go at our own
weight for anyone with more and more
people traveling around and that we as
women we can drive on our own and just
explore on our own up there getting used
to it yeah yeah they're getting used to
it and we're encouraging others yes so
is it okay for women and then showing
together here domestically is it Alex
okay yeah now it's okay it's becoming
very it's more acceptable that they had
especially they see a lot of people
doing this now like a couple of years
ago or maybe even a year ago it wasn't
possible to travel internationally
without like permission right yeah yeah
so with that change I could change
anything for you guys for me didn't
change because my family
unknown before the permission mm-hmm a
lot of people change this decision
changed them their lives you know
everyone now is free can travel whenever
they want
yeah it's without new content oh yeah we
have done yeah I we have the option no
one can stop here yeah so we have this
new player one where we encourage people
and try to show them how to travel
around locally and very simple
taken low cost we travel everywhere no
limits there's no limits we explore if
we try to explore every inch of Saudi
Arabia it's huge it's very exciting it's
something we look forward to every
single weekend yes that like when we
don't travel for a week
or like can we just like go somewhere
would you find inspiring about travel
well thank you new people every time the
only friend I have people you know and
the whole experience itself changes you
make sure every single trip it changes
everything
it's always
my comfort zone for me I think my life
yeah also since I started traveling two
years ago I thought I got changed yeah
personally you know you become my world
man okay yeah I'm more understanding
yeah for me as a foreign woman it was
easy enough to travel in Saudi Arabia I
could now rent a car and drive around
and traveled freely with friends and
solo even camped alone most of the time
my Saudi girlfriends only recently got
this right and that's when it hit me for
so many people around the world travel
is not a right but a privilege on this
trip our plans to check out the Maldives
of saudi didn't work out because of the
weather but someone told us about these
giant Blacks and Jews nearby we knew we
had to see that hey the place that we're
going to it's pretty special but it
requires a very good football right
we're gonna get in the car
and it's gonna take us about 40 minutes
actually yep anyway we're not allowed to
disclose the name of our driver because
this place
secret
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah that's my drone I just crashed it
yeah and this so kids at the lesson here
is don't fly your drone next to volcanic
mountains and rocks because obstacle
avoidance doesn't always work so I guess
this is a goodbye baby serve me well
[Music]
this place looks absolutely surreal it's
a giant - a huge sanju but it's all
anything like this in my life let's go
[Music]
[Music]
more than much favorite funny I think
it's very unexpected yeah yeah this is
our second Instagram spot of the day oh
come on don't judge this super special
place yeah you do it too the trail of
shame vegan
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
oh my god there's so much of it there
are so many black guys the Blacks and
Jews are a true local secret this place
is incredibly remote and the few people
who know it well let's just say that
they won't share their coordinates with
just anyone
[Music]
Brown is still very much dead but at
least we've got some beautiful views
from the black sand dunes and it will be
back up one day
[Music]
bye-bye guys
wow these girls are absolute dynamite
just incredible you know travel is not
an obvious thing here in Saudi Arabia
not for women anyway and these girls are
true pioneers in the world of travel and
I just hope that they inspire many other
girls and men to travel around Saudi
because it's a really beautiful place if
you enjoyed this vlog and want to see
more of my adventures all around the
world make sure they subscribe to my
youtube channel I'm off now and I hope
to see you in the next Club hey guys
just a quick little disclaimer my trip
to Saudi Arabia was entirely independent
and 100% self-funded I did not come here
on the invitation of the government or
any business at all in fact I came to
Saudi to experience the culture the
history and the nature firsthand for
myself and to meet the people that live
here for the full context of my entire
Saudi Arabia trip to see all the places
that hesitant and all the people I've
met you can head over to my channel and
check out the entire series right from
the beginning thank you so much for
watching and I hope to see you in the
next vlog
