hey guys just a quick little disclaimer
my trip to Saudi Arabia was entirely
independent and 100% self-funded I did
not come here on the invitation of the
government or any business at all in
fact I came to Saudi to experience the
culture the history and the nature
firsthand for myself and to meet the
people that live here for the full
context of my entire Saudi Arabia trip
to see all the places I visited and all
the people I've met you can head over to
my channel and check out the entire
series right from the beginning thank
you so much for watching and I hope to
see you in the next vlog hey guys pretty
good news because I've just arrived yes
we're in Saudi Arabia whoo I've just
bumped into the airport gate I'm gonna
be going to my couchsurfing host place
here in Riyadh should be about a 15
minute taxi ride and the rest of this
trip I'm pretty sure is gonna be
absolutely wild when I first started
planning my trip to Saudi Arabia I
reached out to a couple that I knew from
Instagram it turned out that they were
passionate couchsurfing hosts and of
course they invited me to stay with them
for a few days in their apartment in the
capital Riyadh they promised to show me
true Saudi hospitality currently trying
to find the house having some
difficulties I've got a little video
here from Nara telling me exactly where
to go but it's kind of dark
three one two three this one okay you
gotta guys it looks like we've arrived
so let's get out of here and try and
find Nara Wow beautiful how it's car way
to show you in the morning all right
here we are
but since it's 2:00 a.m. I don't want to
be making too much noise and I don't
want to wake up my hosts the adventure
begins
[Music]
so faster surprised
this is not our sort of thing this is
like a five-star hotel that's easy
so whatever we have a lot of extra stuff
toothbrush our put all this stuff I feel
so spoiled
it's like Saudi hospitality or okay
Saudi hospitality guys I've only just
arrived here in Riyadh in Saudi Arabia
and I'm were you totally overwhelmed but
I mean in Aras hospitality look at this
place just incredible and they even gave
me dates here in the Middle East you
receive guests with dates empty now it's
a little bit too late for tea right now
but it's never too late for dates anyway
I think I should probably get some sleep
it's a little bit late and there's so
much to do tomorrow I can't wait to tell
you guys more about what it's like to
couch serve here in Riyadh with these
absolutely incredible people this is an
amazing start an amazing start to an
incredible journey
I'm sure Wow all right good night guys
I'll see you in the morning
I am pretty allergic to cast but these
guys are so cute
[Music]
Nerra told me to just feel at home and
make myself at home so that's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna have a little wonder
in the kitchen I'm gonna make myself a
big fat cup of karab√ºk coffee because
after all Saudi Arabia is one of the
capitals of coffee in the world right
Arabic coffee and all that jazz so where
do I begin
nope nope tea sugar tea tea nope maybe
here oh yes
oh wow would you wow I've never seen a
cat listen to commands like phosphors
that's unbelievable we're going to be
going to Nora's office right now
so I should pick a formal dress first
one is like a beige color and blue and
blue I have worn in the bio a couple of
occasions before and this is probably
the nicest one I've ever won so nice
it's really nice to be on you okay there
we go
Nara where are we going to right now
we're going to the office
yeah where both of us can have a work
thing
yet today is a big workday for us is my
first day in Saudi but work will not
wait
just stumbled over my advice newbie okay
we're here so this is your office space
like a co-working space it is a
co-working space where there's different
startups that works here
but they don't like we're gonna film
everything here because people button
their privacy but probably gonna grab
the seat and start working for a couple
of hours and then continue my trip
this is actually when I organized this
trip to Saudi I didn't think I'd end up
in a co-working space like this well you
live you learn huh okay work session
done and now we're up to the shopping
mall to get me by I have a pretty
important question so it's do you have
to wear an abaya when you're in Saudi in
Saudi you don't have to run by you just
have to look decent but since you're
going into small villages
preferable if you wear an abaya it
doesn't matter what color doesn't matter
what style because you would like look
like that you respect their culture
intuition yeah so it's it's more to show
respect than an actual obligation it's
not by law right no it's not
and then just my I have to be black or
gonna be colorful it can be any color I
personally prefer black if I'm going to
in the rural area or small visit it's
just because people wear black in that
area so I just don't want to stand out
yeah don't see how I can blend in we'll
try and find me a nice abaya either
black or more colorful shade of whatever
but these are quite nice are very flowy
and very very light so I'm pretty
excited to do a bio shopping for the
first time in my life right here in
Riyadh
with everything in fashion right
this is a tailor shop so you know us
telling me that the the tailors here are
men the tailors are men so it's just
because they weren't from the inside so
women don't go in
so we order whatever that we want to fix
or shorten or longer from the outside
through windows it's a pretty clever
system
what you can probably see right here is
just like a swale of black fabric but
it's not because every single one of
these has something slightly distinctive
about its like this one it's actually
quite like has this pattern on the
sleeves on the bottom and then this one
here it's pretty light with a bit of
gold here and like buttons all the way
down and then if you take this one well
this one has like a whole nice thing
going on so they're all a little super
super different which yeah I think most
of us don't appreciate about abayas is
that they come in all shapes and sizes
and designs and fabrics and accessories
and everything else but I think I think
this was good now I'm maybe excited okay
how does it look good it's not money
longer okay should it be longer no okay
yeah we don't need to shorten it in this
case I like this piece very light okay
we got a winner
it's been a pretty busy and unexpected
day here in Riyadh with Amina Nara so I
went to their co-working space and that
was really fun to see and also go to by
myself
and admire my first abaya that I've ever
owned I think and now I believe I'm in
an era are about to cook some dinner so
I'm gonna go in and join them all the
cuts are here miss hey miss miss oh
alright here's the kitchen
hey guys hey how's it going great
what are we making here tonight well I
just made coffee
oh yeah coffee at 7 o'clock
well it's Arabic oh yeah drink coffee at
evening usually yeah some or would we
have guests okay coffee and with coffee
we usually eat dates so we have dates
and we have dished this thing is that
this search wow that looks pretty full
on that's this that's this with brown
flour butter or de just mix together
if
and let me just ask you did you make
that yourself no actually violets mother
Holle mother thank your friend sue means
it's like we I would never do it even if
she told me how to do it yeah I would
rather have it from her
it was it can do so good okay I'm just
wondering because since it's got like
ghee sugar dates in calories and
calories like I would estimate perfect
for a little bite
one minute calorie 1 million calories
per bite is it worth it yes it's totally
worth it yeah delicious and I think I'm
gonna eat all of it before even having
dinner
so you see it's lighter than the one
you've been drinking oh wow this is
hockey yes
no way this doesn't actually look like
coffee to me this looks more like lemon
juice the color of lemon juice right the
best part mm-hmm
oh my gosh a spoonful of sugar really
dates we do a lot of travel a lot but
with my commitment with my startup we
don't get to travel as much as before
hosting people here it gives you a
chance of traveling somewhere else but
from your own home
yeah like get to talk to people get to
know their culture their food the see
around seven seventy years Wow yeah the
first were davor and Andy uh-huh and
they're from Croatia they were on their
honeymoon
yeah since this started like the tourist
visa thing we get hundreds of messages
immediately on capp surfing like
hundreds oh my god so people are really
interested in coming to that right now
yeah for normal people yeah we don't use
commas to arrive we don't write code we
have proper hand
don't have an oil tank somewhere in the
house you know that like we have a lot
of preconceptions and ideas like fixed
ideas about what Saudi Arabia is like in
West because that's what like the media
tells us right they they tell us Saudi
Arabia is this and this and that and
coming here has already been a bit of a
shock for me even though I've been here
for like one day and in all the good
ways right normally in the media they
would say like hey you don't look at
women or don't talk to women don't shake
women's hands but the thing is like it
depends on the woman themselves like if
she offered her hand you of course
you're gonna shake her hand we're pretty
normal people like we really private and
we appreciate privacy but at the same
time we're very generous
we're like our hospitality speaks for us
we're pretty much exposed about anything
in the West world more than you think
well guys thank you so much for hosting
me I definitely hope to stay in beyond a
few more days and maybe see you guys
again at the trip and yeah cheers Cheers
I mean Inara whenever they get a chance
grab their 4x4 and go camping in Saudi
Arabia or fly further afield
I guess all of the time we make general
assumptions about entire nations of
people and meeting these to really
change the way thoughts about modern
urban Saudi couples see we had this
crazy passion for travel in common and I
could feel that this was only the
beginning of our story together
I only got to spend a couple of short
days here in Riyadh in Saudi Arabia with
Amin and Nara in their home but I think
it's been long enough to form what is
hopefully going to be a true and lasting
friendship because they are some of the
coolest people I've ever met on any of
my travels and yes Saudi Arabia is a
very conservative country by most
Western standards but that doesn't mean
that you won't be welcomed here in fact
Middle Eastern and Saudi hospitality is
absolutely incredible and there's a lot
of tradition behind it so for me as a
Western woman to be welcomed here with
such open arms and such genuine
hospitality it's just an amazing feeling
and I mean Inara have truly inspired me
there are absolute couple goals and
they're just gave me the best ideas for
my upcoming road trip of Saudi Arabia in
fact you might see them in a couple of
my upcoming vlogs because we will be
doing some of these travels together I'm
so excited to share them with you thank
you so much guys for watching this vlog
and I hope you follow along on my epic
Saudi adventure in the upcoming episodes
of the Saudi series so here subscribe
and make sure that you are following
along on this raw authentic journey of
mine thanks so much
and I hope to see you in the next vlog
[Music]
you
[Music]
