no food and no drink from sunrise till
sunset for one month do you think you
could do it this month is a very special
month in the Islamic calendar it's
Ramadan and this year I decided to
observe Ramadan alongside my Muslim
friends even though I myself am NOT
Muslim in a minute I'll explain why but
first here's what it involves Ramadan is
the holy month in Islam the best-known
thing but Ramadan is that it's a month
of fasting where Muslims all around the
world abstain from drinking and eating
but there's a lot more to it than food
it's also a month of contemplation
connection prayer self-reflection
becoming closer to God and giving to
charity in fact the feeling of hunger
that you experience while fasting is
meant to remind you that not everybody
around the world can afford to eat
several meals a day this is the third
Ramadan I'm spending in a Muslim
majority country and this time I decided
to join in and I want to do it for three
reasons number one with so many of my
friends around the world fasting this
month I want to put myself in their
shoes and understand this period of time
from their perspective I want to connect
to them on a deeper level and share this
experience together for the first time I
might actually be able to understand
what it's like for them to go through
the challenges and rewards of Ramadan
number two fasting is generally accepted
to be quite good for your health with
trends like intermittent fasting on the
rise all around the world it seems like
fasting is actually pretty good for the
health of your gut and number three the
power of the mind when you're hungry is
just so easy to go up to the cupboard or
fridge and pick up a snack and eat it
mindlessly well I want to give my mind a
bit of a workout and control that urge
to eat in a safe and controlled
environment and here's the thing fasting
is not just a strictly religious
activity anyone can try it whether you
want to connect on a deeper level to
your neighbor
friends or train your mind or cleanse
your gut it's something that anyone can
try just as long as you take it easy
listen to your buddy and don't overdo it
why not today is the fourth day of my
fast and here's what it's been like so
far the iftar dinner is the traditional
way to break the fast during Ramadan and
the way that we do it here is with a cup
of garlic which is coffee which is the
last meal that you have in the day
between now and sunset don't eat or
drink anything else in this part of the
world even children learn too fast
slowly and gradually but since this is
my first time attempting to fast ever in
my life I'm going to take it a little
bit more slowly currently because of the
corona virus pandemic I'm stuck on a
pretty dry and arid island in the Middle
East so this is not my natural
environment and I get headaches quite
often so I'm not going to push it I will
still continue to drink water throughout
the day but I will not eat or drink
anything else with Ramadan being a time
for self-reflection and prayer I'm also
taking this opportunity to meditate more
I'm not religious but I love being
present and being mindful and meditation
can help with that it's not very easy to
get started with meditation and I feel
like I'm really not very good at it but
these are baby steps the important thing
is to learn trust the process and not
give up I'm not expecting to come out of
Ramadan as a transformed person but I
think any opportunity to put yourself in
another person's shoes and practice
empathy is an opportunity for learning
and that's always a good thing so
whether you decide to join in just for a
couple of days or observe the entire
month of Ramadan I'd like to wish you
Ramadan Kareem
