in this new episode of my Saudi Arabia
travel series I take you to a magical
little village tucked away in the
mountains in the south of the country
[Music]
the main event of today is gonna be
going down this super hyper twisty
mountain road towards the village of
Raja also known as the gingerbread
village very good going car don't fail
me here in the south of Saudi Arabia the
mountain roads are infamous steep laced
with extremely sharp turns and a culture
of driving which from what I experienced
is all about who gets to dominate the
road first oh and the views can be a
serious distraction from the driving -
okay this road is definitely not the
faint-hearted it is a very very twisty
very sharp turns very steep as well and
there is a lot of cars on here on this
road as well so
because other drivers are as much of a
risk as you are and before you come here
make sure like double and triple check
your brakes because you will need them
[Music]
it looks like these guys are busy
constructing a gate of sorts here to
this to this village I mean I'm not
really surprised because with the sort
of tourism push that Saudi Arabia is
putting forward all these things are
being renovated all these places and
villages and cultural heritage sites are
being revamped and redeveloped so it's
not surprising to see but I am very
curious to see how many people will come
here in the future and will Saudi Arabia
really become a popular tourist
destination in the Middle East I mean
let's not forget that just under a year
ago less than a year ago half a year ago
you couldn't get a visa to Saudi Arabia
and now Eevee's s and in some cases I
think you can visa little rival so yeah
it's a changing things are changing and
Saudi every yeah for now we're gonna
take a look at some traditional stuff
some of the stuff that has remained the
same over the last
I'm on my way to rajala Alma a historic
village and one of the main tourist
attractions in the region
this place is said to be super unique
and has been drawing in a pretty sizable
audience of instagramers yep it's that
photogenic look just up on that hill Wow
Wow look at that stunning absolutely
stunning I've never seen anything like
this before
Wow the history of Raja Alma goes back
over a thousand years in terms of the
architecture it bears a lot of
similarities to villages in Yemen after
all these two countries shared a culture
for centuries this is it Raja Lama the
historic gingerbread house village and I
am here with Nara and Amin we're also
filming and we're gonna be taking a tour
around this very unique spectacular and
ultra ultra charming village
[Music]
let's go are they stay here yella
we thought we might be the only ones
here but we were wrong plenty of
domestic tourists load in and out of the
village throughout the day
this place is so magical it honestly
looks like a fairy tale village like
something out of the Brothers Grimm
stories that I was raised on personally
I mean just look at these buildings so
the the mod and the stone it kind of
looks like the gingerbread and the super
colored windows they're just like the
icing sugar just so cool I've never seen
a place like this frankly this place
made me feel like a kid in Disneyland I
just wanted to touch and feel everything
but wandering around the outside just
didn't feel like it was enough I wanted
to see more Kane era what do you think I
want to live here yeah once upon a time
not so long ago this is where the women
of the village actually used to sit and
look out the windows and well watch the
world pass by right now I don't think
anybody actually lives in this very
village right okay this is quite a
beautiful vantage point
I mean imagine sitting here shaded it's
pretty cool you know these rocks are
these insist on so these walls are
pretty solid you can cool from the
inside as well and cold from the inside
super hot outside by the way guys about
30 over 30 degrees outside and it's
winter right but here it's nice and cool
and you can look out the window at these
mountains beautiful
the resources that surrounds them and
your guys are building these houses it
is just amazing like the stones and the
rocks and and I'm sure even the colors
that use natural colors yeah that's what
amazing and another cool thing is that
if you look around you at the mountains
the houses apart from the colorful bits
the windows in the doors actually kind
of camouflage into the mountain because
it's made indeed from the same material
look she's wearing the same just that
you do Wow now it's probably a good time
you should tell me a little bit about of
is dress I got this dress from Nara just
borrowed it for the purposes of this
store and basically this is a typical
traditional Assyria dress and by Assyria
mean from this region last year you know
something that you would associate with
Saudi Arabia because yes it is dark and
it is long
however this gorgeous embroidery it's
all colorful down the sleeves down the
front and down the sides and you know
what makes it even more special and
seeing the picture of the Battle of us
just over there 50 or 60 years ago
who's going same style of dress just
feels really cool to be here and to be
wearing this beautiful piece so thank
you as the local custom says men would
build the houses from the outside and
women paint them from the inside
resulting in these beautiful painted
walls all around the village
[Music]
if you go beyond the manicured Museum
you can get to the back alleys when
nature has taken over the buildings
there's a cool little architectural
quirk to these buildings see they're not
standalone they're actually all
interconnected and there's a very very
specific reason for that see in the days
before Instagram and what's up and
mobile phones whenever women wanted to
see their neighbors and they didn't want
to climb down five or seven flights of
stairs they could have quite simply jump
from one rooftop to the next or chat to
each other from the windows that's why
the houses are built so so close
together and many of them actually stand
together it's pretty convenient if you
ask me
wow what a place huh just like something
out of a fairy tale quite literally now
I find this a really really interesting
spot because speaking for myself this is
not exactly how I pictured Saudi Arabia
before coming here before doing my due
diligence on the country because see in
Western media much of what we say about
Saudi Arabia has to do with politics
right and much of what the Muslim world
says about Saudi Arabia has to do with
the Hajj and Mecca and the holiness of
this land but what most of these
narratives perhaps forget about
intentionally or not is the fact that
there is so much history heritage and
culture here and this village right here
Raja Alma is only one small example of
of that history and that heritage and
it's a village that is rightly so being
restored and renovated not forgotten
about and not left to nature to take
away from us
because this is all part of our global
history together and I'm just so happy
to see this side of a country that I
previously in your very very little
about and it's gorgeous absolutely
magical thanks guys so much for watching
this vlog I hope you enjoyed it if you
did give it a like and of course
subscribe to my channel because I will
continue to adventure all around Saudi
Arabia and on to other destinations that
tourists don't usually visit anyway
thanks again and I'll see you in the
next vlog
[Music]
hey guys just a quick little disclaimer
my trip to Saudi Arabia was entirely
independent and 100% self-funded I did
not come here on the invitation of the
government or any business at all in
fact I came to Saudi to experience the
culture the history and the nature
firsthand for myself and to meet the
people that live here so for the full
context of my entire Saudi Arabia trip
to see all the places I visited and all
the people I've met you can head over to
my channel and check out the entire
series right from the beginning thank
you so much for watching and I hope to
see you in the next vlog
