this is where I've been sleeping every
night for the last two weeks listen if
the edge of the world existed somewhere
I think it wouldn't be very far from
here I'm one of those people who prefer
the journey to the destination
you know experiencing everything that
lines the path without thinking too much
about the endpoint but in this instance
the destination I found was the magical
beginning of something even more
beautiful this is Siobhan on the Dixon
platter this village became my temporary
home among newfound friends high in the
mountains of Socotra
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome to my modest little home in the
mountains
I spent practically all of my time right
here yeah I really do spend most of my
time here I chill here I read here I
work here I sleep here right outside on
this mattress I mean the weather is
beautiful
why not sleep outside I have a pillow a
cushion a book powerbanks my phone a
blanket what more do you need you might
be tempted to think that there is
electricity here this doesn't actually
do anything I guess we're just getting
ready for the future but for now this
village is completely off the grid there
is no electricity here well people do
actually have electricity but it's
through solar panels renewable energy
sources and they use solar panels to
power up some basic devices like TVs and
phones
I don't blame her for running away
because we did have a bit of a fight the
other day this goat is fighting me for
the bridge
I would be lying if I said that my life
in the village didn't revolve around
goats it kind of did most of the time
yeah yeah I know there are not cats or
dogs but come on they're so cute but of
course there's a lot more to this place
like the small Oasis deep inside a
canyon or this ancient home built into a
system of caves in the past mountain
communities on the island used to live
in these caves full time and from the
outside you go in here's the interior of
the cave there's a place for a fire and
the whole ceiling is covered with soot
this cave is actually blessed with a
natural resource here's where the water
comes from the rocks here's where it
gathers and here's how it looks on the
outside but by far the most iconic
element of the local landscape are the
spellbinding dragon blood trees they're
endemic meaning that you can only find
them here and nowhere else in the world
my host family the true guardians of the
dragon Bloods say that the trees are
their heart their identity the heart of
Socotra and they invited me to learn
more from them about dragon blood
culture
I'm here with Abdullah who's the son of
the family that's hosting me here in
this village and right now we're trying
to get some resin out of the famous
dragon blood tree the resin is very
special for me it's legendary in fact is
that dragon blood the resin from the
dragon blood tree has a characteristic
dark red color like the colour of blood
and it's famed for its medicinal as well
as beautification properties the Kabbani
family are the guardians of the dragon
blood tree they run a nursery in this
village to protect young saplings from
goats unfortunately according to
scientists the dragon blood trees are at
risk of extinction in the next 150 years
this is why people like Abdullah and his
family play a crucial role in
conservation efforts this is this is
what the resin looks like when it's
powdered down crushed into this fine
powder what they're ladies here
occasionally do is apply the resin
crushed resin on their cheeks to redden
them like this perfect this is dragon
and Asura resin dragon presentation
great I just got these little bits of
resin as a present from the lab thank
you back home the ladies of the family
always had something new to teach me I
can't show you guys the ladies of the
house because it's a pretty conservative
place but I can tell you that on their
faces they're wearing a pretty
interesting kind of homemade sunscreen
created from turmeric and a mix of one
other spice plus Musa and they just gave
me a little bit to try for myself
word of warning this does turn your face
a little bit green they're saying yes
the mom this is the right way to do it
kids laughing at me from behind the
camera
in the smoke-filled atmosphere of the
kitchen something would always be
cooking or brewing right now here in the
kitchen we are making mac etat which are
these delicious fried dough cakes
they're very very simple
super
[Music]
and here in the corner
that's short bath so a very thick ot
soup with some goat meat and I think
tomato paste it's really really good in
the evening as the sunset over the
mountains we would all sit down for
dinner together in my five weeks in
Schiavone I never once ate alone if
dinner is the traditional way to break
the fast during Ramadan and the way that
we do it here is with a cup of garlic
which is coffee and the gawah here is
gingery almost at the point of being
bitter and then you complement that with
this super sweet super juicy dates and
it's just the most wonderful start of a
slow Ramadan evening
[Music]
this is so what is Java server sherry
with some potatoes with some meat our
fish and tomatoes mix together but it's
for long time if Ramadan without server
this mean normal one but like red I'm
glad to when it was time to leave my
host family and head home
Irie felt a sense of loss don't get me
wrong this kind of life is tough but see
there aren't that many places like this
left in the world
places where your family and your
neighbors actually mean something places
with the nature around you is also your
home
[Music]
you
[Music]
