hey guys this is day 6 of the desert
island quarantine I'm here with my
friend Billy and my friend Abdullah and
today I'm gonna show you around the
beautiful village of Caban this is
Abdullah school hello welcome we are now
in my small village to which of Gabon it
has four houses and we are all from the
same family but um the lines got some
relief and happy life very happy life
[Music]
screaming bread
so this is where bread is made right
there over there we've got the fire here
we've got good skin pork sour milk and
all the other utensils all around Billy
here also has a home in this village and
this is where she lives
oh well she's got a pretty good view Wow
here we have the main courtyard which
has an incredible view of the beautiful
Arabian Sea and the beach bag right here
is the main room yes it's beautiful look
at these beautiful wooden doors
beautifully painted here we have a
couple of our friends here but above all
I love
you're very lucky to live here yeah it's
an amazing place so guys if any of you
would like to live in a place like this
which I'm sure many of us would let me
know in the comments below
meanwhile it's a goodbye it's a wrap
from me and Billy
they say take care of yourselves no see
you guys we'll see you guys tomorrow
[Music]
