hey guys it's day 13 already of my
desert island quarantine it's just after
5:30 a.m. the morning sun is rising in
the sky very slowly behind that mountain
and I'm going up there to the very
summit climbing it here's what I've got
with me I'm bringing a guava a shawl
some water a drone
sunscreen and my notebook and of course
a hat I can't see how long it takes to
get to the top that's what woke me up by
the way the rooster 5:00 a.m. sharp yeah
yeah let's go so nice to be able to
leave this early in the morning because
the Sun is not high in the sky it's cool
and beautiful obviously the first
portion of this truck is pretty easy it
just takes you through this plane but
then gets a bit harder up there here's
another friend how are you doing
she's a pretty curious one
maybe I'm gonna stay there when they
amazing just a big hole in this rock
overlooking this gorgeous landscape I
just cut myself and some really sharp
land over there look at that there is a
long big cut big bloody scratch well I'm
almost at the top so I'll continue and
then I'll go down as soon as possible
and make sure - does infection put some
rubbing alcohol in it if we have any I'm
almost there so close to the top right
now all right I think I'm here oh my god
I made it oh just look at that massive
sand bank over there this is our camp
over there
guys for me leaving this island I can't
imagine it leaving this paradise of mine
this island that means so much to me
leaving this place and going into the
heart of the pandemic to my elderly
grandparents while possibly catching
something on the way is I thought I
can't handle I can't bear it
this feels like my sole spot it feels
like a safe haven I just want to stay
that's all I wanted I just want to stay
well probably find out tomorrow but we
can stay or whether we have to leave and
evacuate it once a day you take care of
yourselves guys stay safe and I'll see
you tomorrow
