hey guys guess where I just woke up
check this out I'm camping on a coffee
farm high in the mountains of Saudi
Arabia I want to show you just how epic
this place is this is one of the most
magical places on planet Earth
but before I show you what it's like let
me show you how we got here this place
is so remote that the only way to reach
it is super dangerous you can only get
here in a powerful 4x4 and you're gonna
be driving down some insanely narrow
roads carved right into the face of the
mountain would you dare
[Music]
okay so in the meantime it got kind of
dark and now we're on this insane
mountain road that's just getting wet by
the way it's not getting any better in
the dark
stay close to the side cuz the wall is
right here like I can touch it
oh my gosh let me get there is it up can
I take a deep breath
[Music]
wowthis we set up camp and needless to
say we all slept very soundly that night
hey guys guess where I just woke up
check this out I'm camping on a coffee
farm high in the mountains of Saudi
Arabia I want to show you in just how
epic of this places
[Music]
yesterday we were given these gorgeous
flower crowns by FSL these are flower
crowns or wreaths that are local to the
region all the men actually wear them
because ours have such a strong scent
that they make you smell really nice and
beautiful moving on we have a very
important mission this morning I'm gonna
show you how to make the most special
cup of coffee you've ever had in your
life
roast the coffee beans you've just
collected from your farm be gentle after
roasting the coffee beans vessel is just
grinding them right here by hand in this
super old-school traditional grinder
smell the result of your hard way come
on you know you wanna slide your ground
coffee into a kettle with boiling water
and watch it simmer admire vessels
beautiful traditional dagger the gambia
pour your coffee into another smaller
kettle and boil it again but don't boil
it too much just the right amount and
finally remember to do a graceful little
dance with a freshly brewed coffee this
is as fresh and as local as it gets I
mean these coffee beans grew like 10
meters away from here I can't believe it
last step
enjoy
but we came here with an even bigger
mission see these mountains in southern
Saudi Arabia are home to some of the
most extreme coffee in the world
it grows in crazy remote mountains the
cultivation is really difficult it's
100% organic and all-natural and as a
result super expensive too and fesses
coffee is famous for its stunning
location quality and price tag if SLE is
not just the coffee farmer he's actually
an enterprising businessman with a
vision for what he would like the coffee
industry of Saudi Arabia to look and
with a vision especially for what kind
of coffee and he would like to represent
in that industry
[Music]
this right here
Paris doors shush I'm trying to vlog
here this right here is a coffee sherry
this is the original fruit that coffee
comes out of that's what it's made from
inside here is a single coffee bean and
all these coffee cherries they grow on
these trees and they are picked one by
one single-handedly tasty raw coffee
here Wow
a little bit sour and it's got a seed in
the middle this this is the coffee bean
seed this is can you believe it it's
white little dot that is kind of jelly
ish and kind of gooey this is what
becomes okay
and these roosters are just not giving
us a break here are they
hey shut them up
[Music]
this is a farmer coffee farmer friendly
three because there is like instead of
using chemicals they would use this tree
in removing any worms that would come to
the coffee beans everything here is
natural right everything every well this
is like a coffee tree forest and I am
going in here right now because we've
lost our guide pestle is somewhere in
between those trees not sure we're good
slapped in the face by a coffee tree let
me give you a super quick coffee growing
101 first you plant the coffee trees and
very specific soil and very specific
locations then wait a few years for them
to grow each tree needs its own space
and specific amount of light eventually
the tree will start to yield fruit that
fruit is the coffee cherry this low red
thing inside it is the coffee bean these
cherries are ordered from the least
Turner to the most tender in this one
right here this dark one this is the
most tender one the softest and sweetest
dry for days roast and repeat and don't
forget to admire the views from your
coffee farm it's bound to be incredible
I think I mean is getting a singing
lesson
[Music]
[Applause]
Mountain is double and fissile told us
that in these mountains we can find an
Asian legendary coffee tree forest
almost there just one little ladder to
climb and we've got another coffee tree
forest here let's go in can you believe
it all the trees here have been yielding
coffee for centuries hey just one last
thing for today I am climbing up this
coffee tree ladder really high this is
like 10 meters well over 10 years and I
am just about to stand above ancient
coffee tree forest oh my god ladder is
shaky that's okay
Keep Calm using these very mountains are
home to some of the most expensive
coffee in the world here in Saudi and
just across the border in Yemen it's
beautiful out here but there's only one
problem we still have to get back
are you feeling guys is just absolute
insanity I've never been on road like
this and trusting I've been on a lot of
crazy mountain roads but this is I'm
it's not even a road it's just the car
sliding up and down this this sheer rock
path and super bumpy and just over that
there's like this agile bit cliff and
there's nothing to protect you from it
if you fall you fall and you fall
hundreds of meters this is no joke guys
I'm just really happy that I didn't
bring my car here I'm really happy to
have an experienced the driver like
vessel actually taking me on this road
I think otherwise he'll us
[Music]
thanks so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next vlog hey guys just a
quick little disclaimer my trip to Saudi
Arabia was entirely independent and 100%
self-funded I did not come here on the
invitation of the government or any
business at all in fact I came to Saudi
to experience the culture the history
and the nature firsthand for myself and
to meet the people that live here for
the full context of my entire Saudi
Arabia trip to see all the places that
hesitant and all the people I've met you
can head over to my channel and check
out the entire series right from the
beginning thank you so much for watching
and I hope to see you in the next vlog
