hey guys I'm Ava and if you've been
following this channel you'll know that
I'm a full time travel vlogger so I
guess that most of you would probably
imagine that this is what my life looks
like
[Music]
[Applause]
but in reality sometimes it actually
feels a little bit more like this
[Music]
look I love my life and I love my job
I'm so lucky to be able to travel for a
living I would not change it for the
world
but the pressure really gets to me
sometimes you know the pressure to be
always on the pressure to support myself
as a freelance add the pressure to
continuously travel because let's face
it the travel films and vlogs will not
make themselves and the pressure to put
up with hate and criticism and keep
going in a positive direction yeah I'm
sure that some of these sound like
pretty good problems to have but every
single lifestyle including this one has
its own challenges and just recently I
happen to find myself in Thailand and
here I came across an ancient Buddhist
ritual that monks perform on people who
come to them seeking guidance or
blessings or protection so I thought I
might as well give it a try
I really wanted to find out whether this
ritual could make me feel better or help
me find ways to deal with all the
pressure I decided to check out the
amulets market in Bangkok this is the
city's most popular spot for people
looking for talismans to protect and
guide them
as a coach at Island has a deep belief
in spirituality and the power of symbols
that's why you see markets like this
amulet markets in pretty much every
major city all across the country
so I've decided to pick up a couple of
amulets for myself and for my family
this one the tiger that means high power
to me it symbolizes more spiritual power
than anything else and this the turtle
means long life equipped with my amulets
I think I'm ready to undergo a ritual
that's meant to bring me spiritual
guidance and protection let's go my
guide Valentina wanted us to pick up
some flowers before we headed over to
the temple where my ritual would take
place he was going to give these up as
an offering in Buddhist philosophy
offerings are said to gain merit and
help you on your path towards
enlightenment
[Music]
[Music]
so this is the ritual you perform before
just before going in
just repeating these words just puts you
in this kind of hypnotic state I felt
like I was kind of floating a little bit
above the ground for a few minutes there
I don't sign of things to come but
[Music]
see we've just arrived at a some nook
which is a small temple belonging to an
ajahn or a master in this case tattoo
masters who create ancient sacred
tattoos called sack yawns that's why I'm
here but first I needed to receive a
blessing from adjoining the master
himself
[Music]
boom I think I'm playing or not becoming
deaf
[Music]
oh just started crying that is in the
middle of everything just like that yeah
you know I there's a you kind of repeat
this this mantra month or two in your
head and then you feel his touch on you
and hear his whispering and you feel his
chant and just I don't know it was like
a real energy that passes between the
two people and
good the really emotional so that was
there that was the Matt's blessing and
we're gonna go back in and we're gonna
get an invisible protective tattoo so
what is a sucky and sucky ants our
sacred Buddhist tattoos given by tattoo
masters or a John's to people who are
seeking guidance protection or blessings
they're tapped into your skin using
traditional methods and are said to
imbue the bearer with spiritual powers
when you get a second tattoo you kind of
it's not just an aesthetic thing you
kind of enter into this unwritten
contract with karma I guess in the
universe and apparently every single a
John has his own rules that you must
follow after getting the tattoo so the
tattoo brings you good fortune or
strength or courage or whatever it is
that you need but you also need to give
it something in return you to give
something back to the universe so the
rules that I see here so much are quite
specific are the do's and don'ts after
we're getting a second for example do
not curse us we're your parents and
benefactors no illegal drugs there's
some rules about certain dietary
requirements normally like if you get a
touch to you in the West it's literally
just like a pretty design but there are
no expectations like the tattoo artist
doesn't expect you to behave or act a
certain way after you get that tattoo so
why do all these rules exist here those
grooves right here that he has set it up
it's not just the rules but it's also
helping people changing the habits and
there's a lessons also to teach people
how to be better better person how to do
better and not harm food all of you
other people even one of the Thai rules
are setting here as well they
at the bottom right there is that like
if you can't follow if you can't follow
the rules don't bother come here to get
a second really that serious about it no
is it okay if I ask you a personal
question
so you've got a few seconds at ease
right do you feel that you're a life
changed in any way after you got them do
you feel their magic power their effect
they're in chocolate yeah definitely
definitely
yeah it it definitely helped with some
stuff they've been true in the past and
right now after I got a second to be
like probably probably like eight or
nine years now this is a John - he is my
tattoo master today so I've just had to
change him back back there in the in the
bathroom into this shirt so that we can
do the tattoo on my back
[Music]
thought about what you want out
yeah so I I make like travel films on
YouTube for a living
so I think a lot of my life is kind of
lived in public and I especially
recently I've been feeling like I'm
struggling a little bit to kind of find
the value not of my work because I know
the value of my work but just myself
yeah I love my work but I don't always
love myself and I think like just
struggling with that sense of inadequacy
is something that's been on my mind a
lot oh you bet I got something you do
because
the important part no pom-pom series 5
name 5 shot names of Buddha they would
come down and read in your body and stay
with you help with everything you need
in your life so yeah it's a most of the
powerful so again to have that long me
being part nama-hatta that the bottoms
right here this is container of the four
elements earth water Fire and wind I'm a
part time but what I find I'm going to
help you maintain the balance of
yourself going to add this to our for
for building your courage and confidence
of yourself it's contains of the pothole
[Music]
problems Wow
so that was a explanation of what the
tattoo symbolizes amines and there's a
lot of different elements and aspects
that symbolism each tiny little part
each tiny little line has some sort of
meaning
so how long do you think this will take
quick Ohio is but but numbers may not
say 10 minutes and I'm not gonna ask how
much it's gonna hurt my guess we'll find
out
[Music]
take a break so I meant to be chanting
so taya focusing on that
[Music]
[Music]
but wait where's the ink well today I'm
getting an invisible tattoo done with
sacred oil the same amount of pain fewer
bragging rights but for me today the
process is more important than the ink
[Music]
this is the last part of the ritual
[Music]
with the monoi a keeper man I'm kidding
there's going to be the part for like a
week and then we'll go away you can see
on the female Nancy
it's a little random but looks pretty
good it's very red yes it's extremely
red it's actually invisible it will be
initial probably show white so her skin
will be red but you'll still see the
markings because it's scar tissue let's
go to the beach well did it work I think
it's too early to tell but honestly I
believe that the power of the second
tattoo really lies in you your heart
your soul your mind because the sak Yant
is a kind of agreement that you sign
with the universe and I know that when I
had it done I kind of signed up to think
but the thoughts and speak better words
and do better deeds and honestly that's
actually quite a nice pressure to have
and I'm gonna do my utmost to live up to
that new responsibility well thanks so
much for watching keep on adventuring
you guys and make sure that you
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already and I'll see you guys in the
next vlog what
[Music]
