20:20 has been a crazy ride it's been a
roller crystal for here and it hasn't
even ended yet oh my god we're only
halfway through it so it's probably safe
to say that it changed all of our lives
to some degree it definitely turned my
entire world upside down at the
beginning of the year I was working on
filming a Travel Show for TV that's now
postponed until further notice all of my
trips all of the travel that I had
planned for the year has been canceled
at the beginning of March I found myself
on the island of Socotra in Yemen and I
stayed on that island for the next 80
days 80 days that means that I got to
spend pretty much the entire log down in
socotra and you know what I'm so lucky
and so blessed to have been there on
that incredible island surrounded by
really beautiful kind and generous
people I'm so so privileged so
privileged but I knew that that
situation wouldn't last forever I knew
that at some point I had to leave the
island the situation the political
situation on the island was slowly
deteriorating while we were there and in
fact three weeks after we left which is
kind of now this is what happened and
there was one more problem the windy
season the monsoon season also known as
Karif locally was upon us so Karif
starts at the beginning of June and it
lasts until October and the winds are so
so strong that they basically cut off
the island from the rest of the world
for about four months and I knew that if
I stayed on the island
I ran the risk of being stuck there
until autumn my friends and I spent
about a month trying to find a way off
the island since the beginning of May
sea there was no coronavirus on the
island and as far as I know there still
isn't but the island was definitely keen
to protect itself and its people from
the virus so there are very limited
travel options available no planes
were allowed to land in Socotra and the
only ships and boats that were kind of
available we're either going to mainland
Yemen where the coronavirus situation
was becoming worse and worse or Oman
which was completely closed to visitors
because of the travel restrictions as a
result of the pandemic so we didn't
really know what we could do to even
leave and for a month we struggled and
slowly fell into a state of well on some
days indifference on some days despair
and on other days kind of hope
everything will work out and then after
several weeks a breakthrough we were
granted permission to take a cargo ship
to Abu Dhabi the United Arab Emirates
and this is the story of that journey
how do you feel about leaving
well I'm very hyper because I don't
record because there's a yes yeah I'm
very hard to go and very high but the
story cycle is not very exciting how are
you if you think about leaving I feel
good look so excited a cycling around as
we check the weather forecast
yeah it was true all weather forecasts
predicted that a massive cyclone coming
all the way from India would hit right
about the time we were two days into the
journey I just hoped that we wouldn't
end up like this guy finally it was time
to board the ship
that's the luggage whose the bags loaded
in the ankle lifted that was it
Haiti on the island and tonight I'm on a
cargo ship because I'm finally headed
home
and bring back
saving from cipro tried in the Mia
in the United Arab Emirates
on a cargo ship
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
the next morning I woke up really
missing the island but I also walk up in
the middle of the ocean which made me
realize that this would be a pretty long
journey our ship was taking us from
socotra and the Gulf of Aden near to
Somalia up north along the coast of Oman
around the corner into the Gulf right
through the Strait of Hormuz very close
to Iran then down into the Persian Gulf
well the Arab Gulf according to Arab
people then down south to the UAE and
the port of Abu Dhabi the whole journey
two-and-a-half thousand kilometers on a
ship similar to this one but smaller and
slower our average speed around 8 knots
or 15 kilometers an hour well at least
we were in this guy crossing the Arabian
Sea on a tiny wooden boat called the Sun
book
[Music]
for me time began to slow down I spent
the afternoon sitting on the open deck
watching to see watching the water
change shape and color the cyclone was
nowhere to be seen
[Music]
vote
[Music]
these waves look like third
but it wasn't always the smoothest of
rides
[Music]
luckily despite rough weather at first
we never did run into the cyclone from
what the captain of our ship told me
this is the nature of life at sea
sometimes unpredictable for now let's go
inside let me show you where we lived
welcome to the cabin there's a couple of
really important instructions here on
the back of the cabin door
very handy what to do in case of a
general alarm a fire alarm Man Overboard
abandon ship man overboard is probably
the one that interests me the most in
case there is a man overboard it's three
long blasts three long blasts
there is a desk there is a shelf there
is a wardrobe there is a seat there is a
chair and there is the bathroom each bed
comes its own set of patrons as well
just in case you need to unwind relax
and get some meat a very important piece
of onboard equipment in fact one that
you should acquaint yourself with
intimately is the lifejacket here we
have two this is one of them it's a huge
and bulky affair probably too tight from
my head but this save your life all
right let's go if you're a passenger on
a cargo ship there isn't that much to do
so I spend most of my time reading one
of the best things about having 24 hour
a day electricity again is the laundry I
haven't done proper laundry in three
months
you
in case you're wondering the food was
great three meals a day prepared by the
ship's cook
you've got to fill the hours somehow
right this is what we came up with and
this was our life for a while every day
pretty much the same
[Music]
and the cognition that has been on for
the last seven days is about to arrive
in Abu Dhabi in about one hour
we've traveled about 2,000 kilometers
service
that if you're using a slow
that in the next leg of my journey back
to Europe I will travel a distance much
bigger than that about five or six hours
you don't often get to fence an entirely
completed
from the internet the outside well then
sometimes honestly
so three months on I was finally back in
a place with Fuji where I could order a
takeaway meal through an app and not
have to worry about electricity running
out I started waking up to new views
no more mountains no more Beach no more
open sea just the ground spectacle of
modern times but even though we had dogs
at Abu Dhabi port we weren't allowed to
leave the ship not yet remember Cove in
nineteen
yea they 12 may 12 on the cargo ship and
stay five inside the port of Abu Dhabi
you can see the city behind me it's so
close it's almost within arm's reach in
fact the other day someone instagram
sent me a picture a video of our boat
from one of those buildings with that
close but we're not leaving the boat
we're still here
honestly I think
this is a portent II kind of keen to
just get back home you know asked by the
local law we had a coronavirus test it
came back negative and then my god
actually happening apparently the
immigration officials at the jetty right
now which means that we're gonna go and
see if you can get the stamp to leave
the ship and enter you know in two weeks
[Music]
do you think we're gonna get out for you
inshallah we waited a couple of days and
then I've got the visa I've got the visa
to enter the UAE after exactly 14 days
after a corona test that turned out
negative were able to go into Abu Dhabi
as an evacuation measure and from here
I'll be flying back home I was so so
ready to leave but I actually knew that
that wasn't the end of the Jane not
quite yet there was one more really
important step that I waited me and that
was the airplane journey back to Europe
and that is the whole story in itself
that's a whole flock that's coming up
next week thank you so much for
following along on my socotra adventures
I can't believe that that part that
chapter of my life is over for now but
life goes on and there's a lot more
coming up see you guys next week bye
[Music]
you
[Music]
