hey guys it's day 15 of my desert island
quarantine and today I really feel like
I am in prison so it's raining
the entire structure it's not the best
pen well so I'm just hoping it survives
this the last couple days has been
raining this routine excessively in the
afternoon which is pretty unusual for
this season but so it is there's nothing
much to do oh my god there isn't much to
do but to read Emilie's down in my book
I just have a few pages left and I get
to write in my notebook and if I have
any battery in my laptop I can edit
these videos
sitting in the fans and watching it bend
over backwards under the pressure of the
wind it's so funny because in this book
there's one sentence where a couple of
people say that so Cox not is like a
prison and honestly it's rather like
this you can go there's nothing much you
can do there is no other shelter other
than the tents it does feel a prison
like anyway cameras no but my lens
stopped working anyway I was gonna say
wish me
