hey guys over here I'm in Muscat in Oman
it's raining right now something that I
definitely have not seen coming anyway
this is a very exciting morning for me
because I'm just about to leave on a
cross-country road trip for a week and
one of these beauties yeah you
definitely need a 4x4 to do a road trip
in Oman especially for the kinds of
adventures that I'm planning I'm doing
all right check this out we've got a
table we've got a cooler we've got a
tent boxes we've got
pots and pans here is what some of our
food obviously we need to mattress also
absolutely everything some snacks more
smash Portsmouth and here in the cooler
all the veggies and fruits to sleeping
bags to sleeping mats Wow look at this
oh this is a stretcher so we can move
out while keeping on the beach looks
like we're all packed ready to go
so now we're all packed thanks so much
latitude expeditions her blending up
this far I'm just about to get in
because a route trip is getting started
nicely our road trip because hey what's
up on my core it feels so far my name is
Mike
aka fearless and far we are about to
embark on an epic adventure and we don't
even know exactly where we're gonna have
tonight we have five hour drive south
trying to find some sand dunes
but we don't know if we're gonna make it
before dark so we gotta go Yallah and
just like that we were off on one of the
most epic road trips of our lives we
suddenly found ourselves on the
seemingly endless desert roads that
crisscross the country and soon realized
that after all we had a pretty powerful
machine with us so we decided to go
off-roading one thing that you should
know about Oman is that a lot of the
country is desert which is prime
off-roading in June bashing territory
[Music]
no one so that's probably not advice I
think we lost ourselves a little bit in
that off-roading experience and soon we
realized that we were kind of in the
middle of nowhere like really in the
middle of nowhere
we've been driving along these well not
really tracks you're driving along the
sand dunes for the last hour I would say
trying to find our way but definitely
feeling a little bit lost right some old
tracks
somewhere leading to some place the
problem is that our reception isn't
working our maps are not working so
we're just kind of following these lines
not very useful look I know this may
sound obvious but it's really a little
bit difficult to find your way out of
the desert
I mean your standard GPS and maps simply
won't help you there's a phenomenon out
a new desert known as the Mirage an
illusion so you know you're out in these
sands walking across probably dehydrated
and exhausted you've seen it all in the
movies suddenly you start seeing things
that don't seem to actually belong there
that seem to be there but they shouldn't
be like water trees cars cities other
people
or boats where they really shouldn't be
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
here's my uber well just as long as it
get me out of here I'm good
eventually we stumbled upon a tiny
little shack in the middle of the sound
with a single inhabitant yes we're lost
we've just met a friend he's drawing us
a map
this is two kilometers up see that see
that see that is straight and all the
because you a loop and then once that's
a token Amaterasu man that so two
kilometers to the sea to the water
why is gonna be that hello and five
kilometers straight to all hollow
village right so our map here is on the
back of a cigarette pack this is it
that's a June of it there and we're
gonna be going around somewhere and so
we followed our friends instructions to
the right straight around the June and
keep going towards the village and
eventually we reached this seat we
didn't even spend very long in a desert
but this was an indescribable relief
guys I've got excellent excellent news
we are back from the desert and we are
not lost anymore right we are on asphalt
but look ahead
[Music]
but I swear to you guys there was a
paved road there for like 50 meters at
least now we're back on a dirt track
soon after we got over the anxiety of
that initial adventure we actually
realized just how much fun it is to be
able to off road in a proper 4x4 it
gives you that sense of freedom that you
rarely experience these days driving on
normal straight roads it's all about
being out there alone just you and the
car it's all about that sense of freedom
and wilderness it's about that trail of
dust that follows your car wherever you
go
Mountains behind me you see in front of
me does it get any better
oh yeah and their scandals over there as
well this epic cliffside road was meant
to lead us to our next campsite a hidden
beach that we simply spotted on Google
Maps no other idea of what it actually
was right we've just been driving down
these dirt tracks all along the coast
for the last maybe half an hour and now
there's a pretty big rock over here you
can go up and above and beyond and
beyond that Rock there's meant to be
pretty amazing hidden Beach let's see if
we can find it bit of a rocky past but
amazing views already check it out
little Cove over there
blue waters there's only a couple of
people here but they're just leaving so
it looks like it might just be us and
nobody else gorgeous
[Music]
I think we're sold on this one right
100% so the next step was to bring all
of our stuff from the car to our
newfound campsite and for that we really
have to slim down and go minimalist this
is all of our stuff right here this is a
cooler box which has been absolutely
indispensable we have a bunch of boxes
here with camping gear a bunch of bags
of food we have a carpet we have
firewood we have charcoal tens of course
everything you need for an amazing
camping experience alright so all this
stuff goes up and across and over that
hill to our top campsite our advanced
campsite my 10 tent is here and the food
for tonight and for tomorrow morning the
path leading up was a little bit narrow
and precarious Wow and done
[Music]
okay Mike is doing the last trip off the
hill tonight you look really cool as a
vlogger hey where go pro on your happy
adventurous or extremely dorky can it be
both at the same time it doesn't take
very much to set up a great campsite
just a carpet and attempt a few basic
ingredients I don't know if it's just me
but I love being able to set up my new
home every single day okay the tent is
all set up we probably do need this top
cover this is normally for a rainy or
really windy or colder nights but it
looks like this will be a pretty
beautiful evening so they want a little
bit of the breeze coming into the tent
natural air conditioning in just a few
short minutes we managed to set up our
home on one of the most beautiful cliff
sides I've ever seen in my life this is
where we will be watching the stuff set
making dinner and spending the night
[Music]
here we've got some onion garlic
mushrooms peppers olive oil they're
getting ready to do some chopping and
what is probably the most beautiful
chopping site you could imagine of
course after setting up your own home
the next most rewarding thing about
camping is cooking up your own dinner
this actually happened to be one of the
fancier meals of our roadtrip tonight
definitely call for special treatment
[Music]
hot peppers rice tomato sauce onions
garlic mushrooms this can look really
good
if
I'm so excited
it's been about two hours I would say
probably a good two hours and I think
the food looks just about ready so we've
got thank you very much
peppers and tomato sauce with feta
cheese stuffed with rice onions garlic
other beautiful things and this is a
sweet potato ready for the first taste
of these beautiful peppers which is
actually super fancy dinner for a
campsite took two hours but you just
mash up some ingredients together and
wait for them to cook hmm and delicious
a little bit chilly kind of sweet just a
right kind of sweet you know the the
sweetness coming right from the peppers
and the veggies I mean super juicy
because we've got tons of tomato sauce
tons of ah just green deliciousness here
this is perfect for a beautiful night
what a beautiful campsite after a long
long day of travel well then Mike really
is it actually good yeah there's just me
your cameras on it's delicious it's
super delicious Thanks all in all we
stayed up several gorgeous epic
campsites throughout our roadtrip in
Oman one of the greatest things as a
traveler in this country is that you can
wild camp anywhere as long as your
respective nature around you on a road
trip like this where it's just you your
car your tent and the incredible
landscapes surrounding you you truly
feel a sense of awe and a very strong
sense of connection to the world around
you whether it's getting slightly lost
in the desert
swimming with wild dolphins right there
in the ocean or experiencing the raw
power of nature this was one
unforgettable trip
Krauss oh man you'd think that that was
it right that swimming with dolphins
crossing some of the most beautiful
landscapes in the world and camping out
and most magical spots on this planet
you'd think that that would be enough
for one trip but there's one more thing
on our way back from Salalah to Muscat
we stopped by one more spot we decided
to take one extra day to check out a
local Bay we stopped at the bay parked a
car we took out a couple of kayaks and
then we started paddling on the back of
the boat it is sunny back here have it
up front pretty amazing crystal clear
blue waters actually wait hold on you
show the folks at home a jellyfish we
paddled out to sea we paddled in between
these beautiful rocks and mountains and
finally got to a hidden beach and on
this hidden beach we set up camp at
night after I got dark we went back out
to the beach itself to the sea and we
put our feet in the water you know what
happened next this is what happened next
this phenomenon is called
bioluminescence and it basically comes
from plankton that lights up in the dark
waters nobody really knows why it
happens but what I definitely do know is
that it looks like magic it looks like
you're making magic with your own body
with your own hands it looks like a
million tiny little stars down in the
dark waters just when I thought that
this trip couldn't get any more magical
and then it did Oman has been one of
those strips that absolutely change a
perspective on a country and on a region
for me
I loved every single day in every single
moment Wow it's one of those adventures
that you remember absolutely forever a
big shout out to latitude expeditions
for helping us make this happen and
thank you guys so much for coming along
on this journey with me I hope you
enjoyed the vlog and I hope to see you
in the next one
you
