hey guys over here today I am in Riyadh
I am at the home of my friends I mean
and that is Nara and amina's just
waiting for us downstairs you would have
met these guys in my previous video
which is all about my stay with them
because I've been couchsurfing with them
and today we are off to the desert away
from the hustle and bustle of the city
and towards a very very quiet place
where we're gonna spend a nice chill
afternoon ever gonna barbecue right okay
what are we gonna barbecue what do we
have no I'm not gonna tell you guys yet
you are gonna have to wait and see
anyway I think we should go downstairs
and get the car ready right yeah okay
sounds good let's go yeah
here we got the boys hey so these are
the guys who are gonna be taking us to
the desert right okay and we're gonna be
driving and uh means adventure wagon
this car hasn't ventured all around
Saudi Arabia
trust me it's so crazy these guys have
this whole entire compartment on the
back door with like washing up stuff
like pockets of all sorts matches here
tissues liquid soap absolutely
everything this is like a super
professional setup how long have you had
this car for 1990s that nine years of
road tripping across the country yep
well these guys clearly have a lot of
experience I think I'm in with the right
crowd I mean was that oh it's just for
the water like a big pipe screw it in
here and then this connects to the car
right all right it's like a look this is
the water tank this is so professional
this is so cool watching these guys as
they prepare their weekend a road trip
this is a really professional set up
that they've got here I mean involve
them to God itself they've been
traveling all around Saudi Arabia for
years in their car on amazing road trips
camping all the way and this is why we
always come prepared so cool camping
pros great school hey guys are in the
front I'm here cozy in the back with all
the camping gear how's it gonna take us
to get there not an hour and a half
maybe more two hours of driving but it's
gonna be absolutely worth it this is a
perfect little weekend trip from Riyadh
Saudi Arabia
apparently barbecues in a desert are a
thing among Saudis like a weekend
activity you know just something you'd
do with friends for fun all right we
just realized that we've gone all the
meat in the world but we don't have any
sauce no ketchup no mayonnaise if we're
gonna go out and get some because you
cannot have a barbecue without ketchup
all right it's a tiny little shop in a
minute I can tell it's not very classy
let's try that again
take two
hi yes alumni come it's the tiny little
shop in the middle of nowhere right here
it's actually more like a steel Shack
and I'm kind of hoping I don't have
tomato sauce it's not a guarantee but
let's try Salam alaikum oh yeah look
here we go
Ava what's your name Muhammad oh why are
you from sodium Sudan oh cool from
Burlando Berlin Muhammad in his chili
sauce great choice here perfect we're
safe mayonnaise and ketchup hot sauce
maybe yeah let's get some hot sauce no
barbecue without hot sauce that's my
theory
what's this
what is it how do you wanna be a cheap
and dizzy
yes wedding in the desert try it on gone
it's really heavy
whoa really big it's like a proper
sheepskin I feel extremely passionate I
love this thing I don't wanna take it
off hey yella back on the road and I
gotta say I mean was pretty confident
that the whole driving in a desert thing
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
after some serious speeding in a zone
with no speed limits because I guess the
desert has none we started to set up the
barbecue
apparently this involves some serious
planning because you know this is after
all a desert excursion
[Music]
it's Maya what are you doing up on the
tree oh is this with a fire okay you can
pass it to me all right
so this is well it's Becky Hawthorne so
hello that's some of the wood that we're
gonna be using for our fire because
what's camping if you don't have a fire
so whenever I'm outdoors out in nature I
just have a thing for goats and sheep I
don't know why but I find those animals
so super cute and while those guys are
busy setting up I see a big head of she
can't tell just yet but they're right
there on the horizon see lucky me
let's go and check them out there's a
fence here but barbed wire so I may not
be able to get through in Polish my
native language there is a saying that
goes like this
the world belongs to the brave and so
underneath approach the strange man
shepherds who are up there with their
sheep and I'm gonna see if I can I
thought I might I come barbecue the guy
you know the gag
oh okay yeah Sophie yeah okay okay okay
okay so the the head Shepherd very
welcoming once a selfie in exchange for
me being able to film their farm
Matthew Chiquita okay team face is like
this in the desert in Oman especially
but it's so nice to actually be able to
check one out here in Saudi Arabia and
the sheep are very different
I've seen a lot of sheep in my life see
there were a lot of boats like sheep or
goats I'm claiming to be a next button I
don't even know what animal these are
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay photo duties done well it turns out
that there are nice people everywhere
sometimes you just need to make the
first move
say hello and be polite adventures await
back at the camp
the barbecue was finally coming together
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey here it comes
a beautiful lamb chop first bite this is
amazing because it's we're out in the
desert there's no one around
it's called cold cold and this is
freshly barbecued meat oh my gosh so
good it's super super tender super soft
Elvis well I look in this era JD this
was a scary story
my smell I am very lucky that I did not
understand this but this is what you do
when you go camping right tell stories
scary funny interesting I hope you don't
mind the cheesiness but I suppose that
the best souvenir you can bring from a
trip is a new friendship
[Music]
hey guys just a quick little disclaimer
my trip to Saudi Arabia was entirely
independent and 100% self-funded I did
not come here on the invitation of the
government or any business at all in
fact I came to Saudi to experience the
culture the history and the nature
firsthand for myself and to meet the
people that live here for the whole
context of my entire Saudi Arabia trip
to see all the places that hesitant and
all the people I've met you can head
over to my channel and check out the
entire series right from the beginning
thank you so much for watching and I
hope to see you in the next vlog
