hey guys today I want to show you
something very simple but something that
I'm sure would interest a lot of you
which is how do we cook and live and
prepare our food here in this basic camp
we've been here for over a week now and
on the island for well over a month but
I still haven't shown you how we
actually make lunch dinner breakfast all
these things today special today we're
making this fish here we go this is a
fish that was gifted to us by the local
fishermen over there they gave it to me
this morning in exchange for some of the
oranges that I gave to them mystery
cookie he's trying to cook it before I
get started let me make some time think
about making chai or getting drinking
water or cooking water is that of course
we don't have a sink and a tap here in
this kitchen it's very basic we only
have a stove from all the kind of
appliances that you would normally
recognize so the way to do it is by
yourself one of these kettles and then a
tank of water like this which we get
from the local source or the village the
tank in the village and then now that
the water is ready I'm gonna go and turn
on the gas which is here alright and
that takes gas to the stove where I can
grab a lighter from my little shelf here
there I've devised and
[Music]
here we have some tea pour it in should
be enough cooking on a fire instead of
using an electrical kettle always takes
a little bit longer but I personally
love it on this way and with this cup of
chai I'm getting mentally ready to go
and clean that fish not the nicest thing
to do but a necessary one
[Music]
[Applause]
funnily enough I used to think that
gutting and cleaning fish is a pretty
off-putting slightly gross activity and
then I realized that all the beautiful
pink fillets that I can buy on a
supermarket shelf they are not born like
that that's not their natural state they
are actual fish this is how they come
originally as living breathing animals
from the sea so I realized that if I eat
fish I should learn about the process of
what it takes to clean and gut them and
prepare them ready for consumption first
you take you take the fish and you have
to cut right through it and what happens
after that you take all the guts and you
can actually eat it that way normally we
would barbecue our fish on an open fire
outside especially in the evenings but
this fish is called a bonito and
apparently bonitos I'm not that great
fry because they're already dry so I'm
gonna slice it up and then put it in
some boiling water to cook it and now
with the fish in the pot and slowly
boiling I'm gonna grab some vegetables
and some tomato concentrate to make a
sauce now the thing is we do have a cool
box here but we use it to store most of
our food we rarely have access to ice so
basically we don't really have a fridge
so all the veggies that you see here
everything has to be stored only for a
few days so we only buy a little bit at
a time I'm chopping up a bunch of onions
adding some garlic and some thyme
to concentrate because this fish is
relatively dry I feel like it needs a
bit of a liquidy kind of sauce today
[Music]
alright the fish has just cooked it's
right here all looks ready we've got
some bread here called hoops from the
local village we buy it every morning
and we've got the tomato sauce which is
ready now that's good and here we've got
the meal today we're sharing it with a
couple of our fisherman friends and
we've got well everything that's cooked
doesn't look great doesn't look too bad
the mom okay honey says it's the mom so
it's okay that must be - mom good
