hey guys this is day five of Desert
Island quarantine and today we are
leaving in this area we're going to take
a boat on of those boats don't think
it's an hour to get to a really remote
beach but first Israelis let me show you
there's a bit of commotion here at the
port someone caught a massive fish whoa
this boat is called a caddy and it's one
of the traditional boats that the
fishermen here use and we're going in
that direction
guys these waters are filled with
dolphins and right now our boat is our
but the least fifteen it's incredible
that everywhere all around us
[Music]
anyway dear we're just about to remind
absolute village I'll come back
Wow pretty wild one two three four five
six seven eight nine homes pristine
stretch of water
yeah if we're talking social distancing
this is pretty much the perfect place to
do it it tomorrow I'll take you on a
tour around the village and in the next
couple of days we will be having
adventures all around this pristine area
