hey guys this over there is our campus
you can stay we're staying next to a
small fishing harbor right here you've
got the boats it's beautiful out here
this is such a gorgeous spot and the
best thing about it is that we get to
catch fish and other things every single
day today we're going out on a lobster
lot and that is our lobster hunter that
is Nicola with the knife in his mouth
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all right this is the spot we've just
arrived and I see that Nicolai here has
some dangerous looking equipment what is
all this this is what we call lobster
triangle
it's a snorkel to see them hook to snag
them a bag good to store them uh-huh all
right you guys good luck
[Music]
guys have to swim out a little bit
further just to get some more there they
are
in the open water but I've just come
down to the spot where they were fishing
before just see what they caught and
they cut a lot look at this one two
three
huge lobsters these are incredible I
can't wait to show you guys how we cook
them later this is gonna be a feast and
really hey Nik is saying that there's
like 40 to 50 lobsters in that water
over there and I don't really believe in
that I'm gonna go in and see for myself
these goggles are going on
[Music]
[Music]
in Spain
lobsters upon lobsters fish everything
but we got some Lobster eventually sure
how many no I only got six the lobster
is a really interesting animal because
out in the West we associate the lobster
with like luxury and you pay like $100
in a restaurant to have one it's only
for like that really wealthy people it's
kind of interesting because here lobster
is everywhere and everybody eats it the
fishermen the locals tourists it's
completely commonplace just like any
other fish so the value of the lobster
that we've created in the West is kind
of like imaginary because lobster itself
doesn't have any value objectively right
it's just something that we attach to it
anyway I guess it's a social construct
so before I go off on any other tangents
let's go and cook some
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's pretty basic but it's got
everything we need so we've got some
utensils here we've got a stove here
with a big pot the rest of our food is
over there and here are the lobsters
this is it this is pretty much our
dinner almost every night well maybe not
lobster every night but definitely fish
that we catch from the sea hope you guys
enjoyed seeing what the process looks
like a tasty and delicious dinner
