it's day 14 of the desert island
quarantine I'm in my tent it's raining
outside and I just got back from the
hospital but I wasn't at the hospital
all day in the morning I decided to go
out on a hike across the mountains
oh my god what what oh you yo yo yo look
at that Maggie feel
so about halfway into my hike as I was
going down the mountain again I slipped
on some rocks on top of the landslide
and I made it down and somewhere there
is a home so I went back to camp as
quickly as I could
still it took me a good couple of hours
and this is what we did okay
we've actually decided to go to the
hospital so you've just arrived here
this is the Canon SIA hospital right
here the ambulance is over there let's
go in that's the emergency ward I guess
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
you get bored of filming my cameraman is
like no more almost done here Oh
beautifully clean
thank you very professional very quick
thank you I'm gonna go back to camp now
and get a bit of rest
