it's just after 5:00 a.m. and I just
woke up in my bedroom no that's not my
tents
it's a mattress on a beach in the remote
corner of the island that's where I've
been sleeping woman on my face today I
want to take you guys on the tour of the
camp where I've been living for a few
days now just to show you what life is
like in this very remote very very wild
place well first I think they need a few
more minutes to wake up
[Applause]
[Music]
okay ready to start the day first let me
show you inside my tent which I kind of
use as storage right now so it's located
on this beautiful gorgeous beach and
inside I've only got a few bits and
pieces because you don't really need
much more camping so sleeping bag this
is my wardrobe water bits and pieces
here of my notebook toiletries towel
a few little items in here and that's
pretty much I mostly use my tent as
storage because I haven't been sleeping
in it in a little while anyway onto our
living room
[Music]
it's just a short walk away from where
the tents are but this is our gazebo and
under this gazebo we usually sit chat
eat that's kind of the living room that
we've got let me show you we've got a
cool box here that doesn't actually
contain any ice at the moment chairs
some guests this is Benjy rub over there
Nick over there huh nice over here we've
got some chai and yeah this is kind of
like the casual base onto the kitchen
which is right next door this is it it's
inside this so-called radish how you
she's kind of like a shelter or a local
shelter made out of stone and wood and
then with a basic roof on top so this is
the kitchen that we work with it's very
simple it's just got a stove some pots
and pans some ingredients and again it
doesn't continue we just use it for
storage this is it one of these days I'm
gonna show you the process of making
something in this kitchen because that's
a lot of fun okay
one last bit now one of the last bits
this space right here hey guys but
there's a couple of mattresses here a
nice little breeze coming in at night so
this is pretty much it that's kind of
like our home for a little while one
very important thing that I should
probably mention and that you might be
wondering about is the bathroom
situation there is no bathroom situation
because there are no bathrooms so on you
can I just have to like go off a little
while and dig a hole and that's that oh
one more thing so the question that I
get most often as vlogger is how do you
charge your stuff because in a place
like this obviously there are no power
wires nothing like that so there is a
solution apart from the solar panel that
have we also use this generator hi boys
this is a generator which we use with
fuel to make power and that's how we
charge some of a bigger gear like lamps
and cameras and things like that but
there isn't really that much to charge I
mean you're living all right
wraps it up guys thank you so much for
watching it's been a lot of fun to show
you around my little beach island home
take care of yourselves stay safe and
I'll see you in the next book back
