day eighth of the quarantine he's
laughing at me he's laughing at me
they're all laughing at me because I've
got a new friend and they don't you baby
you're just jealous so our plan for
today is to socialize with goats and
also go for a hike to a nearby village
hey you coming with us
I think that's a no she's pretty sleepy
all right yeah let's go given that there
are no roads leading to Caban in order
to reach a road you have to hike to the
nearest village which is called chop
chop chop
yeah and that's where we're headed right
now over there we have Nick enjoying his
quarantine just a little bit too much in
caves this is your commute to the office
to work
oK we've arrived at the village of
show-up company and that over there is
the village itself surrounded by
beautiful mountains here in the town of
Schwab we are running a little errand we
are going to the shop and over there is
the shop that we've been looking for
there's a few hundred people that live
here in this bit of shop and there's all
sorts of sweets here all the shirt needs
you want filled for me basically here
they sell basic utensils for bigger
shopping people tend to save the car and
drive all the way onto the bigger towns
and deputies hey guys you still here the
end of our trip to show up because
they're still following us around it's a
beautiful place I mean
