hey guys this is day one of my
self-imposed desert island quarantine
this is my Island as you know the news
of the corona virus has spread all
around the world and the virus itself
has paralyzed the world as we know it
including all transport links and it so
happened that about a week ago I came
out to this island called socotra Island
it's in the Middle East and it's this
tiny little speck of land off the coast
of Yemen between Yemen and Somalia which
is extremely hard to reach for several
years there were not even any flights
that would come here and even now
there's only one flight per week so I
came out here with a group of people who
are no longer here everybody left on the
last emergency flight out of Socotra to
Egypt and went home to their families
now I stayed I'm still here
I decided to stay because I thought it
would be better than having to fly
across four countries and several
international airports to a place that I
don't even call home because I don't
really have one staying here on this
island with no cases of coronavirus and
so isolated that all flights to and from
the island have now been canceled nobody
new can come here seemed like an
interesting idea for a quarantine I love
this place it's my second time here and
now it looks like I'll stay for a while
because there are no longer any flights
everything has been suspended all
flights canceled and for further notice
indefinitely and there's no other way to
get off the island
boats in these waters are not very safe
so I'm here with a couple of friends who
run a local tour agency but now we're
just existing here on this island as
anyone else
and in the coming days weeks months I
have no idea I hope that I can update
you on
as it is for us on this crazy remote
isolated island during the corona virus
outbreak job to keep these videos short
because there's barely any internet here
apologies if they come in low quality
but let me show you our first campsite
there's a little village over there
these are some gorgeous gorgeous hills
that go right into the sea this by the
way is the Arabian Sea and over there
behind these rocks isn't it good sorry
to show you around
stay safe and take care of yourselves I
hope to see you guys soon
