hey guys this is ava here currently I'm
a socotra island in Yemen and it is my
birthday and today for my birthday this
year
I'm about to do something extra special
I'm about to take my motorbike out for a
ride but wait can I actually ride a
motorbike let me wind this a little bit
I took my motorbike it has zero zeros
use your kilometers on the counter make
sure you just came out of the shop
static here helped me buy it
lesson number number three
[Music]
yes
okay let's go
[Music]
I'm about to take my motorbike up
alright and now try to do it again all
alone
power
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
eventually I left the city behind I was
on my own
well well well I have just done my first
10k or so maybe 20k on the back and
honestly it feels incredible I could
totally see what this is all about like
the hyper guys bikes give you a sense
it's like the sense of the infinite
stretching ahead of you I don't know
what it is it's amazing I decided to
head into the mountains and stay there
for a few days because we go
hey Here I am at the entrance national
puck right here there's a road that
leads all the way up the mountain that's
exactly where I had no map in no GPS
just a vague idea of where I should go
and the name of the family that might
host me
the further I wrote the more I loved the
experience but no journey is complete
without a challenge or two I just
stopped the bike because something
seemed a little bit off in the back end
sure enough my basket here makeshift
basket it is actually just a plastic
food basket broken
but I don't really know what to do
because I am very much in the middle of
nowhere and the campsite that I'm going
to it's probably a little bit further
away maybe like another 10 20 K so to do
this is where having rope comes in handy
after some pulling and tugging I managed
to fix the crate back on stole the bike
again of course and eventually I was
back on the road
[Music]
all good until I realized I was lost
I'm welcome icky bunny when after a
while spent trying to understand each
other the driver in the car had a better
idea guided me all the way they're just
so nice this is a real act of kindness
this man drove several miles out of his
way just to show me the right spot
chicken masala and so my guide just
dropped me off here and he told me that
the village I was looking for with the
campsite is over that hill and sure
enough here was the village
this is the cam said I've been looking
for and had to get lost a couple of
times to find in the end but this is
exactly as I remember it
[Music]
[Music]
the girls just brought me some food I've
got dates here some freshly baked bread
and uses tea with milk we are actually
now in the mountains of Socotra it means
that most of the products that people
eat here are all-natural to live off the
land into that Cheers this is where I'll
be staying awhile now I'm still stuck on
socotra Island a safe haven in the midst
of a global pandemic I'm grateful for
every new day that I get to spend here
Oh in my new home and those trees yeah
I'll tell you about them in one of the
upcoming episodes see you then
[Music]
