hey guys I'm Ava and if you're watching
this video you probably know that I'm a
full time travel vlogger
now one of the most common questions
that I get asked is how can I travel the
world like you see travel is so
aspirational it has truly become the new
social currency everybody wants to get
out there meet other cultures and see
beautiful places around our planet and
doing that for a living well it seems
like a dream doesn't it
so how can you travel the world like me
well the tough reality is you may not
actually be able to I would love to tell
you that it's all about hard work
great travel budgeting and good planning
but sometimes things are not quite as
easy as that the tough reality is not
everybody can travel the world like me
and it's not through any fault of their
own and do you know why because I was
born with the privilege of having a
powerful passport this one a privilege
that most of the world doesn't have but
wait what does it even mean to have a
powerful passport passport power is a
measure of how many countries you can
travel to without having to get a visa
the more powerful your passport the more
countries you can visit without a visa
and the less powerful your passport the
more limited you are in terms of which
countries you can visit visa-free this
status is measured every year by the
passport index right here who release a
global ranking of all the world's
passport every single yet in 2020 if you
have a passport from the United Arab
Emirates that means that in fact you are
in possession of the world's number-one
strongest passport enabling you to visit
179 countries visa-free that's 179 out
of 196 depending of course on how you
count
in second place come a few European
passports for example the German Spanish
or Finnish ones with any of these
passports you can visit 172 countries
visa-free at the very bottom of the list
or the so-called weakest passports in
the world are from countries such as
Afghanistan Iran Syria Somalia Pakistan
or Yemen with each of these passports
you can only visit around 40 countries
visa-free but in reality these passports
make it really difficult to travel
anywhere the power of your passport
depends on many factors all of which are
government related such as diplomatic
and economic ties foreign policies and
international relations as well as the
economic and political situation over
the country on the ground for us as
individuals it's as simple as the
lottery of life we are simply born into
a passport and in most cases we are
stuck with it for life I have pretty
immense travel freedom with my passport
it's a Polish passport which means it's
part of the European Union and it allows
me to travel to every single country in
the world as well as 169 countries
without a visa and with this powerful
passport I've been doing a lot of
traveling all around the world
especially to places that most tourists
don't go to these are the places that
fascinate me the most on a personal
level and as such I've had the
opportunity to visit Syria Iraq Yemen
Pakistan Saudi Arabia and I've made many
friends in all these places
unfortunately we can't really make plans
to travel together because of the
disparity in our passport power let me
introduce you to some of them my name is
little naughty and I'm a travel blogger
hi guys i am Shifa and i am a travel
blogger hello this is the time from
khuda sun-hi
I'm a blogger alright let's compare our
passports side-by-side so here I've got
the mobility score of the passport index
and a little comparison table I see here
that my Polish passport allows him to
travel to 169 countries visa-free that
is my mobility score thief has
Indonesian passport she can travel to 85
countries visa-free nada on her Yemeni
passport 44 countries annum on her
Pakistani passport 42 countries and
finally bothered Han on his Iraqi
Passport only 37 countries and its
really interesting to scroll down this
big table because you really see a
massive difference so practically all
the visa fields from my passport are
green practically all the visa fields
for my friends are red indicating that
they are required to obtain a visa
before traveling in fact if you scroll
down and not as yemeni passport to the
united states of america there's a
little cell here that says trump ban
which means that nada on her yemeni
passport cannot even travel to the
united states we have one very important
thing in common and that's our passion
and love for travel but there is an
important difference between us to see i
can plan to go practically anywhere in
the world i'll just book my tickets and
show up at the border and i can probably
assume that i'll be let in without a
visa it's not the same for them if you
have a passport that's considered weak
like many of my friends do you have to
go through endless hoops and hassle to
travel practically anywhere first of all
you have to go and visit an actual
embassy which may not even be located in
your city or even your country then you
end up filling endless application forms
and paying high fees in fact in some
cases you even have to pre book your
flights and travel before applying for a
visa and even then there is no guarantee
that your visa application will be
accepted and the reality is that even
with a valid visa to travel they can
face discrimination and suspicion from
immigration officials
the border but you know what my friends
don't give up this easily despite all
the hurdles that their governments may
throw their way they continue to pursue
their passion for travel hi guys my name
is little Maddie and I'm a travel
blogger I have traveled to 39 countries
with the Yemeni Casa board and my dream
travel destination is Iran hi guys I am
Shiva and I am a travel blogger I have
been traveling since 2014 with an
Indonesian passport I have traveled to
14 different countries so far and my
dream destination is to travel to the
Silk Road countries hi guys I'm Annan
and I'm a travel blogger I've been bit
racist and preys on Pakistani Passport
my dream bucket list destination is
Antarctica come from Kurdistan I'm
traveling the world with an Iraqi past
well so far I have been to 75 countries
and my dream destination is every corner
of the world they have to fight for
travel so much harder than I ever did
and that's true proof of commitment
dedication and passion okay so the
reality is that there are weaker
passports and more powerful passports
what can we actually do about this what
is the point of even talking about it
us as individuals what we probably can't
do very much to solve the diplomatic
relations between countries but there is
one thing that we can do on an
individual level see I believe that we
can change the way that we think about
travel in order to make it more
inclusive and wholesome rather than the
race that it sometimes becomes a race
that automatically excludes certain
competitors through no fault of their
own here's a couple of ideas that I have
on how we can start rethinking travel
number one stop putting a number on
travel counting countries seems to be a
huge currency in the world of travel
today basically the equation is that
the more countries you've traveled to
the better of a traveller you are now
I'd like to allow for a slightly
different perspective
sure go and see as many places as you
want to but let's not treat that as the
ultimate travel currency for example I
don't actually know how many countries
I've been to
I used to count once upon a time but the
more I traveled the more I realized that
personally for me it doesn't matter
because for me the more important thing
is the quality and depth of my travel
experience rather than the quantity of
my travel experiences I would much
prefer to stay in a country for a longer
period of time and get to know it better
then go country hopping but only scratch
the surface a number to appreciate the
luxury of your freedom to travel not
everybody has it the reality is that
given the chance probably anyone in the
world would love to meet interesting
people see beautiful places and have
meaningful experiences every single day
but not everybody has the luxury to do
so so for those of us privileged enough
to possess a strong passport that
enables us to travel anywhere in the
world let's just take a second to
acknowledge that not everybody has the
same luxury so if you have friends with
weaker passports help them out in their
visa applications and encourage them to
travel even though it makes sometimes
get really daunting and tiring to fill
out all those visa applications and go
to visit all those embassies and most
importantly of all let's empathize with
our friends who have weaker passports I
think it's so important to acknowledge
that unfortunately in today's world
travel is not a right but a privilege ok
guys I want to give a huge shout out to
all my friends who have contributed to
this vlog and all the other people I
know who have passwords that are not
considered strong and yet they pursue
their passion for travel I want to give
you guys all my love and send you all my
strength I know it can be difficult but
keep going keep exploring the world it's
a beautiful place
you got this guys thank you for watching
this vlog I hope you enjoy
and I hope to see you in the next one
bye
[Music]
