hey guys over here it's March the 28th
today and I bring you a little break
unusual programming because a lot of you
have been asking me questions that I
think I need to answer
you know what's life like on the island
is there coronavirus on the island how's
the island dealing with the situation is
there are there any curfews and
quarantines anything like that so I'm
gonna make this little video just to
bring you a little bit more clarity on
what the situation is like here on
socotra island in the Gulf of Aden let's
move tomatoe first of all I want to say
guys thank you so much for being here I
know it must be really difficult out
there in most parts of the world that
are basically shut down some of you are
probably far from your families others
might be struggling with your business
or your job and if that is the case
please know that I'm rooting for you and
that you're strong and that we will make
it out of this crisis all together
stay strong I've been uploading these
vlogs with a small delay because of the
editing and uploading process and we've
actually been on the island for about 17
days now we were the very last
international flight to arrive on the
island on the 11th of March which was
right just a few days before all the
travel bans restricting travel all
around the world kicked in from that
original group of travelers most of them
actually left the island on the very
last commercial flight back to Cairo but
a few others stayed some like me
willingly and others unwillingly one
thing to know about socotra is i call it
a desert island not a deserted island
because it's not a deserted island
there's about fifty to sixty thousand
people they actually live here full-time
there are also passenger and cargo boats
that come in from mainland Yemen as well
as abroad though those have been
severely limited and reduced over the
last couple of weeks so how do we keep
informed about the coronavirus updates
within the island we're constantly in
touch with the local health care
authorities which means that we have
constant up-to-date information about
everything that happens in relation to
the virus
on the island according to all the
authorities that we've been in touch
with there is no virus at present on the
island and of course we hope that the
authorities continue to protect the
island as they have been and that the
situation remains the same
as an island socotra is naturally
isolated from the rest of the world
which offers a fantastic protection in
instances of emergencies like this and
since there is no coronavirus here the
authorities have not asked people to go
into quarantine and they said there is
currently no need for a curfew which is
why we're able to travel freely just as
everybody else on the island is able to
move around freely all the people
we're here currently living just like
everybody else on the island of course
we are prepared for the worst and if it
turns out that the virus is on the
island and the authorities request us to
go into quarantine and self isolate that
is exactly what we will do right away
there is no doubt about that we're
extremely lucky and privileged to be
here and personally I think the universe
every single day for allowing me to come
here and to stay here on this beautiful
island that is filled with such
incredible and kind people I really hope
that with this video I manage to show
you guys a little bit more insight into
what it's like to be on the island right
now why there are no curfews or
quarantines we must be one of the very
last remaining places on earth without a
curfew and for that we are extremely
extremely lucky and we just hope that it
remains this way not for us but for the
island and we're back from my office
slash warehouse slash the place where I
sleep whenever I am in the mail in town
on the island guys stay safe take care
of yourselves and I'll see you in
