oh hi yeah it's going good but uh I feel
like a weird sort of celebrity here with
this whole room of mine and a little
makeup and stuff you're about to speak
in front of that doesn't help me get any
less nervous you know I mean this is
definitely the biggest audience live
that I've ever spoken in front of
actually I think it's time to go okay
wait give me one sec right I think we're
good huh okay let's go
[Music]
but let me back up just a little bit as
you know I am an adventure travel
vlogger and I was recently invited by
Samsung to their unpacked event in New
York City where I would come in and help
demonstrate some of the cool new camera
features of the galaxy note template in
front of a live audience it was actually
a pretty big deal for me because while I
do talk to hundreds of thousands of
people every single day through my phone
screen this would be a live audience and
live audience is a completely different
kind of challenge no cuts no edits no
screen just me ton of people listening
to every single word I say who see when
you imagine yourself talking to so many
people every single pair of eyes
watching your every word and move I
think it's kind of normal to feel a
little bit intimidated I knew that I had
to find a way to conquer them fear no
matter what
here's a strategy that I've come up with
that allows me to beat my fear and tap
into that inner brave hero that I know
is somewhere deep in my heart in my head
I go back to all the times that I've
traveled independently alone I travel
back to all the times where I thought I
couldn't manage but eventually I did I
go back to the times where I knew I
conquered my fear because I took the
time to understand my surroundings and
my situation the time is that I chose to
pace myself rather than rush myself and
all those times where I questioned my
fear without giving into it I go back to
all the times that I hiked and trekked
alone with no fear because I had
understood the things that are fighting
me and I had explained to myself in my
head there's really no reason to be
frightened I tap into that inner
confidence and strength that those
adventurers out in nature gave me and I
realized that if I managed to Trek along
if I managed to climb a mountain alone
why am i letting these small fears stop
me from doing anything else
[Music]
yep this has been really really tough
this is not the easy hike that I was
kind of half hoping for I did not expect
it to be this difficult but I guess the
only way is up huh back in New York City
at the Samsung unpacked event we started
prepping and this exactly this is the
key to overcoming your fear it's
understanding it
it's deconstructing it into its smallest
part then taking each single part
looking at it examining and
understanding it and preparing yourself
to conquer it
because understanding your fear is the
foundation to overcoming it for me that
fear was the live nature of the event no
cuts no edits no repeats just going with
the flow to show you how it works we
have a product experience on setup right
outside let's go there now please
welcome travel vlogger and film maker
Ava zubik hi everyone
it's great to be here my job takes me
all around the world but today I am
right here in the product experience
zone with the brand new note 10 and I'm
really excited to show you how the S Pen
works now the thing about traveling for
a living is that I end up in some pretty
remote places and most of the time all
by myself this can make it difficult
sometimes to document the experience to
share with all of you now when I'm
traveling alone and I need a photo or a
video sometimes I'll just ask a stranger
to take it for me but let's face it not
every stranger is going to be able to
take a good photo and not every bikes
down there is gonna be willing to snap a
picture of you
and this is why I am so excited about
the new s-pen with remote control
because it'll make it so much easier for
me to operate my camera when it's just
me and my tripod let me show you how it
works so I've got my note 10 and I've
got my tripod set up right here in order
to get started with the SMAN I just hold
down the S Pen button to open up the
camera and I'm ready to start shooting
my vlog there are so many cool modes
that you can choose from and with the S
pen's motion tracking feature I can
switch between them all using just the S
Pen without ever having to actually
touch the screen if I want to zoom out
or in I can do that with the S Pen too
when I'm done composing my shots I
simply press the button and there we
have it now when I'm traveling sometimes
I want to share with you some of the
incredible places and landscapes that I
encounter so if I spot something
interesting that is behind on the other
side of my phone I can simply swipe up
flip up with my S Pen and it switches
over to the back camera it's pretty
amazing right I can't wait to take the
note n with me on my next adventure I'm
off to Mongolia to do a solo horse trek
but I won't actually be solo because
I'll have the note n with me and I hope
that you guys all follow along back to
you drew
thanks Ava well we did it and it wasn't
scary yes it was absolutely super scary
but you know what the best feeling in
the world is being able to prove to
yourself that you can overcome your fear
and that you can do something
independently standing on your own two
feet with the power and might of your
own two shoulders and that feeling that
is the most empowering feeling you can
tap into because that is the feeling
that gives you the strength and
confidence to perform under pressure
be it a job interview be it an important
business meeting or an adventure hiking
out somewhere in nature I really mean
what I'm about to say next I truly
believe that if you find a way to
understand and conquer your fears you'll
be capable of absolutely anything
because once you know how to conquer one
fear you know how to conquer them all
for me this experience gave me exactly
the kind of injection of confidence and
strength that I needed for my next
adventures I went on to do a solo horse
trek in Mongolia just me and my horses
and the wilderness then went on to do
hiking in the European mountains and
then spent three months traveling across
the Middle East solo a huge shout out to
Samsung gave me the incredible
opportunity to take active part in their
unpacked event for the Samsung Galaxy
Note 10% you guys to all my viewers
remember once you conquer a single fear
you know how to conquer them all the
world belongs to the brave after all
doesn't it
thanks guys so much for watching along
and I hope to see you in the next love
rock
[Music]
you
