this vlog is about one of the most
disturbing nights of my life
in a place that seemed like paradise in
April in the middle of my extended stay
on socotra my local friends proposed
that we take a trip to a neighboring
island called dasa it took us several
hours on a small fishing boat to reach
this extremely remote place it must be
one of the wildest and most pristine
islands in the world
[Music]
welcome to dance that we've just arrived
by boat to this ultra remote and
uninhabited island
well uninhabited yes that means nobody
lives here
apart from thousands upon thousands of
round
[Music]
step number one unload the entire boat
we found a little cave here right on the
beach which should be pretty good for a
shelter this place is almost perfect
there is only one catch what did you
find Abdullah this is rad footprints oh
my god how many rats do you think there
are on the island we just found our
first traces of the rat presence on the
island let's see how did they progressed
[Music]
I'm just gonna out on a little solo hike
here across the plateau of the island
and on to be a fuel source to know that
I'm walking around nobody really has
ever lived single one I think I might be
on to something here this big rock has a
bunch of small and a lot of dried out
grass and plants on top it looks like
the perfect little hiding spot for a
family of rats well even if they are
there I don't want to disturb them
because I have a sneaking suspicion that
at some point tonight the rats will come
and visit us at our camp in the meantime
I lost myself in the islands untouched
nature it's not often that you find
yourself alone on the outer edge of all
of the world's least accessible
categories
I've gone to the place like this there
are no shops nothing so you have to
catch your own dinner which is exactly
what we're about to do here with wrong
what are we today
[Music]
just about stepped up in some pretty
strong sirens over here he is looking
really quite rough for this tiny little
bug just one engine
[Music]
all right after a pretty rough ride
we're finally in our fishing spot - this
is the bait hopefully we'll catch
ourselves a nice little dinner fresh
from well it wasn't as easy as we'd
hoped
every time Rob casts his bait it would
come back empty all of a sudden then I
began to seem out of reach some books
like this one are vital to the local
economy they usually come here from
mainland Yemen by fish like tuna from
the Islanders and eventually resell the
fish on the mainland there's a Thai
invitation pending here of course as
always shy this is the famous Yemeni
hospitality in action even in the middle
of the sea and then we had a peek inside
their freezer
we eventually said goodbye to our hosts
and returned to the campsite with our
hands full and our dinner guaranteed
there's actually a story behind this
tuna that I should probably tell you
about we got this fish for free from the
boat captain see when we arrived he had
a cut on his hand and I have to have
some ID in nearby so I gave him a whole
batch and thank you and though we don't
beg they insisted that it should be a
gift and it was it's a gesture of
kindness in exchange for just sure of
kindness here in the middle of nowhere
in one of the most remote places on
earth the more I travel the more I
realized that places like this
experiences like this meetings like this
are so so special they're becoming more
and more rare after all when do we
advocate the opportunity to connect to
the source of our food in such
meaningful ways I mean when is the last
time you made sushi from a fish that you
just bought from a fisherman I know for
sure that I don't do it often enough
what have we got here Rob sushi sushi
sashimi from doing our straight from the
sea
[Music]
we've got a whole cooking set up here
with a stove and a frying pan so we're
gonna fry that tuna and make some rice
just to spice it up this should be a
really good dinner
[Music]
Vina is finally ready we've got rice and
freshly caught fish simple and delicious
[Music]
and then darkness enveloped the island
[Music]
[Music]
we just had our very first rat sighting
rub with it big
are you yeah it was like a half kilo oh
my god this is getting a little bit
freaky because it's now dark and this is
the time that the rats come out to play
or hunt I'm considering to sleep on the
boat which is out on the open sea Dom
acaba you have a strong light let's go
come you like me
[Music]
they will come for sure you think using
normal car yeah
the answer is for sure
we're getting the tents yes you're going
to devote we've just realized that this
is a little bit more serious than we
thought
we kind of didn't want to believe the
legend but it's true there are many rods
here many so we're going to grab our
tents from the boats because I don't
think we can sleep outside tonight don't
want to get eaten alive by a bunch of
rats on a wild island nobody knows where
we are
they just came back with a bird and the
tents that means we can actually sleep
inside the tents tonight hopefully that
gives us ample protection enough
protection
against the rats invasion
[Music]
[Music]
but as soon as I put up my tent I
realized that there weren't enough tents
for everybody we had packed to Hue so I
gave mine to our boat crew and decided
to sleep outside not something to look
forward to when you're on a rat-infested
island it's 11 o'clock and I've been
woken up by a bunch of rats running over
me had to move from the caves to the
beach and
waking all over so it's a little bit
difficult to keep
I can just wrap myself walking
cheat and catch a little bit of
statement
that night all around me in the dark I
sensed the movement of tiny legs and
heard peeping noises over the waves
I saw bright reflecting eyes every time
I switched on my flashlights I shuddered
and chased them away I barely slept just
before 5:00 a.m. and finally it's
getting light outside I could hear the
peeping in screeching of rats everywhere
and I have to get up several times just
to chase them off the rocks they're
nearby
you're just really not a nice experience
I'm good but I'm still alive I made it
through the night I survived now dawn so
no more rats and by the way these where
my weapons of choice just in case any
rats dared get too close to my sleeping
bag
[Music]
I'm back in the page let's assess the
damage
see all these tiny little footprints yep
those are rats everywhere here
everywhere they were absolutely
everywhere see the sand on my bags that
wasn't there before
that is all because of rats crawling my
bags we hit all of our food in this
container which is locked and sealed
one
left this big jar of olive oil this has
all rat poor tracks on it and out here
on the beach of course you can see rat
tracks going right up to my sleeping bag
even just looking at this porridge see
let's go bite marks here on the plastic
on the lid they tried their very best to
get inside luckily they didn't manage to
that means we still have breakfast for
today
perfect porridge with cinnamon and a
very generous portion of Nutella
honestly guys it's nights like this that
make me realize that some places are
perhaps better left undisturbed unkempt
like dasa dasa Island here one of the
most remote corners of the world sure as
a human you can come here during the day
but at night this little kingdom goes
back to nature
[Music]
you
[Music]
