guys it's been almost a month that we've
been on the island and finally I am
about to experience something I've been
dreaming about for a little while so you
guys know that I've been learning how to
catch lobster and live fishing and now
we're getting on an actual boat
whoa and we're gonna be fishing from the
boat with one of the local fishermen
from the village right here fishing
territory
[Music]
[Music]
today
[Music]
why are we here why did we stop this is
a point there is a shelter with some
current we try to find something is to
me that part of the entire fishing
experience is learning about the
patients
because it's not every single time that
you cast the line or the sewer the lure
how you get a fish so you have to try
over and over and over again
over there I don't know how many of
these fusilli of fish that are here but
it's just a crowd of probably thousands
upon thousands they didn't even manage
to get on camera they surely stand fast
because
this kind of fishing don't kill fish you
catch it and then you already sit back
in time
[Music]
Grouper here well so the interesting
thing is that a grouper is the kind of
fish that you can eat and groupers are
actually quite delicious so they're
edible fish are the only ones that a
sport fishermen would actually catch
everything else gets released into the
sea so it can continue to live are we
gonna eat this one method of fishing
unlike fishing industrial fishing this
is where you catch a single fish very
precisely and that's all you eat and
that's all you consume
[Music]
there it's always time for shy no matter
if you're on land or on the sea Cheers
[Music]
[Music]
