hey guys I think it must be day 21 or
something like that anyway
in the previous episode I told you that
were in a new camp with a new crew this
is our camp for a couple of days and
there I want to introduce you to Rob end
up he runs the cartridges like me what
happened well I was supposed to guide
the door here and also make some filming
and photographing but Corona happened
and everything closed and so we are here
we are stuck Rob in fact is here with a
crew of other fishermen so we've got
plenty of Fringe because these guys are
experts at fishing
what are we catching today well now we
are trying to get some fish but we're
also gonna try to catch some squid this
is what we're gonna use and try to kiss
[Music]
okay because of the drone we gathered
quite a big audience of circles so Rob
decided to go to a more empty spot he's
just walking over there Thank You Sean
Paul started singing it I think it's the
only English song a big bingo I'd say
it's a pretty good choice thank you this
tiny little fishing expression is not
going quite a plan he just wanted some
time to himself and he got a lost
company how does it feel to be so
popular
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we haven't had much luck catching fish
so what's going on here
well we are wrapping up things here
because obviously oh my god a squid this
evening but let's see what we've got on
the beach so this is our camp I'll show
you around some other time but right now
I'm going to show you some fish that the
other guys cooked look at this that's
pretty massive and that's gonna be our
dinner tonight
better luck next time with the squid and
the small fish the next couple of days
will probably be here trying to find
some fish to eat for our tiny little
group of tourists bloggers and fishermen
alright guys stay safe take care of
yourselves
and I'll see you
[Music]
