okay crown me please oh wow this is the
flower crowd of southern Saudi Arabia
how beautiful I want to share something
really special with you guys right now I
am in southern Saudi Arabia we're kind
of close to the border with Yemen and
the beautiful beautiful mountains here
and today we will be going on a trek
towards a Wadi awadhi is basically like
a seasonal River seasonal water flow so
it is not just desert it's actually a
lot of mountains and beautiful little
oases like that and on the trip today we
have first is our local guide to today
and he's also making us coffee because
he owns an amazing coffee farm here in
the region
sheriff you ninja ball look at all this
is really copy if you're into coffee
then you should probably know that
Yemeni coffee is actually we used to be
smooth the best coffee in the world
Yemen was one of the very first
countries in the world that had a coffee
trade industry and then of course
through years of conflict unfortunately
that industry slowly faded away but
there are movements currently to revive
Yemeni coffee in the whole tradition of
the Yemeni coffee and this a prime
example of that very rare coffee very
hard to find very hard to obtain an
extremely expensive a cup of this coffee
can set you back easily
twelve dollars in the US and about eight
dollars here in a Arabia but honestly
I've tried this coffee earlier and it's
some of the best coffee if not the best
coffee I've ever had so good this coffee
should be sold in shops all around the
world and with the ritual trophy
ceremony out of the way we are finally
ready to go on our trip to what dealer
job okay okay getting in vessels Jeep
and we're gonna be going down some
mountain roads I don't know but it's
gonna be really exciting in the back
okay putting on your flower crowns again
look at us all four of us I feel like we
should form like a pop band you know
[Music]
this place is so epic it's so round and
calm people driving down this super
narrow Gorge
[Music]
completely wrong mountain hey what's
this for what are we gonna use it for
vessel has a spear I thought he couldn't
get any cooler but he is cooler than I
thought
we're here so now it's gonna be a bit of
a walk first I have to get across this
little stream right here area is still
so undeveloped in terms of tourism which
makes me really happy because we got it
all to ourselves so this way guys
[Music]
forever festival goes but look at that
it looks like paradise
it looks like the Garden of Eden and
just like that we were about to go into
the most beautiful Wadi any of us had
seen in our lives
Faysal walked ahead barefoot spear in
hand before coming to Saudi Arabia I had
no idea that places like this exist in
the country all that my trip will be so
full of adventure
[Music]
this involves some serious exercise my
backpack is not cooperating gonna hunt
some monkey I think my soul is getting
ready to make us a monkey lunch there's
a lot of monkeys here by the way baboons
they're very wild pretty aggressive too
so you gotta watch out a little bit and
then that's all started singing
laughs
[Applause]
oh yeah some hottie enough cilia ghoulia
Allah oh this song that vessel is seeing
here is a traditional tribal song from
this region specifically there's a
couple of different songs that demand
sing here as they walk along the waters
and across gorges and valleys other
Shepherds across the valleys and across
the mountains can hear them and can
reciprocate the song answer to the song
that's how they communicate and that's
how they make their days just a little
bit more fun little did we know there
was a lot more fun in store for us to
picking off our shoes and going in the
water and perhaps timing that rock and
then probably jumping in to the body
it's
whoa
[Music]
help anything is possible
perfect
yeah
[Music]
oh that's my camera this is too much
suspense I can take it
I'm gonna camera back these guys are so
over there trying to cross the water is
super deep it's like up to your waist
and there's fish in the water too
walking down this water you felt surreal
like being on a movie set I think we
were all pretty shocked to have found
this beautiful spot that so few people
know about next challenge get to the top
of that rock where festal is standing
using
like a playground for adults it's
probably would not pass any helpful
safety standards back home but you know
what that's probably a good thing
sometimes to let yourself be a little
bit wild
[Music]
all right basically almost yeah well
this is the south of Saudi Arabia deep
in the owl rates mountains the peaks and
valleys of this land are still untouched
and pure and the tribes that live here
stick to their age-old traditions
someone called this place a heaven in
the desert you can probably see why oh I
should also add that the flower crowns
you've been wearing all along the way
are a symbol of this rugged but fertile
land and they're part of the local dress
they're mostly won by men and this water
is so pure crystal clear you can
literally just drink it straight from
the stream can I do this Murphy muscular
[Laughter]
okay oh my god a few hours we left the
body for our next adventure
[Music]
and now we're seriously operating sublet
Nara and Amina are in their own 4x4 but
the cell is taking me in his Jeep office
to his family house that's Rinna we're
gonna camp tonight
here we are this is a mountain home the
way that we say hello here in these
parts my phone a lesson
well this is the mountain home and as I
mentioned earlier fest out has actually
a coffee farm so this is part of the
coffee farm it's not all of it this is
just a small portion with the house just
behind me right now we're gonna sit down
we're gonna have some coffee and some
sweets and snacks because it's been a
really long day
excellent them be jumpy hello
mmm Arabic coffee with ginger Zen jbeil
in Arabic philosophy na remse era oh my
gosh these dates are so good they're
just melt in your mouth
mmm wash them down with this ginger
coffee oh don't I live here okay but can
I stay here forever mountains come down
every day to have some dates and coffee
tomorrow we're going to take a tour of
the entire coffee farm I want to show
you the process of how coffee is made
right here in these mountains in Saudi
Arabia coffee is actually a huge part of
of arabian culture in general so this
will be really really interesting not
something you'd expect necessarily
because it's such a wild raw environment
but for now
you're gonna grab a seat enjoy this
evening set up camp oh and relax in the
next episode I'll be taking you guys on
an epic adventure in these rugged remote
mountains it won't be smooth or easy and
the rules will be pretty dangerous but
I'll show you one of the most beautiful
places I've ever seen anywhere in the
world hey guys just a quick little
disclaimer my trip to Saudi Arabia was
entirely independent and 100%
self-funded I did not come here on the
invitation of the government or any
business at all in fact I came to Saudi
to experience the culture the history
and the nature firsthand for myself and
to meet the people that live here for
the full context of my entire Saudi
Arabia trip to see all the places that
hesitant and all the people I've met you
can head over to my channel and check
out the entire series right from the
beginning thank you so much for watching
and I hope to see you in the next
