hey guys I think it's around day 20 of a
desert island life but I've kind of
stopped counting anyway here's my new
friend she's called toffee and she's
she's not dinner no no don't listen to
him anyway we are in a new spot this is
our new cab there's a fair few people
here I'll introduce you to them for now
we have a bit of a mission on this
excited is the right word this is not
exactly a very good road bike but we'll
make it work we're going in that
direction
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
do you have to push alright let's do
this sorry guys since today our mission
is to explore this part of the island we
found this beautiful cave we found a lot
of road blocks and let's see what's down
there
let's make running down to the water oh
my gosh
[Music]
this is what it looks like down just by
the show it's like a series of holes
like Chuck who is he like or hottub like
wow they're just being bashed and
battered by the waves of the sea the
entire time amazing unfortunately I
still get in the water because all right
guys a day well spent
we've discovered a bunch of new places
and did not get to use this stick with a
hook that you've been seeing it's
actually for catching lobsters and
oysters but what happened
[Music]
