honestly I never thought I would see
something like this if you've been
following this channel for a while
you'll know that I spent the entire
curve in 19 logged down on the island of
Socotra Yemen having arrived there just
before the pandemic was declared and
while life looked like this for the most
part after 80 days I decided to leave
and ended up spending 14 days on a cargo
ship you can order that vlog on my
channel after getting a coronavirus test
which came back negative and a visa to
enter the UAE I left the ship and had to
head immediately to the airport without
being able to enter the actual city of
Abu Dhabi here is my experience of
flying home during the pandemic I am not
recommending that you travel
internationally these days this video
only documents my journey back home oh
here we are I would have the airport
departures terminal 3 this is where I
leave the United Arab Emirates and this
is where I leave the Middle East keep in
mind they spent the last few months a
long way away from glass buildings and
automatic doors so being thrown into
this ultra-modern world came as a bit of
a culture shock I asked the guys at the
shop over there how busy it is these
days at the airport and they say that
the airport is operating at roof about
30% capacity only these days
not many flight not many people
traveling signs asking you to socially
distance the obligation to wear gloves
glass divisions on service desks the
airport was clearly doing its best to
keep its passengers safe I just entered
the GT free zone and everything here is
sealed off boarded up shut down
everything is closed I mean I didn't
think I could never imagine
air travel looking this post-apocalyptic
where that's honestly the only way I can
find to actually describe this right now
it's crazy this is the section normally
I would assume it's quite bustling
there's probably lots of delicious
things stacked up all over these shelves
but right now it's completely empty it's
all closed
so close there's examples of social
distance and measures even at the cafe
tables right here
this seat is meant to remain empty you
can use that one I mean actually no
right now you can't use any of them
because everything is shut you know I'm
just not used to seeing airports like
this we'd be there these bustling super
busy loud places with tons of people in
them all empty actually a couple of
shops are open just the most basic
rudimentary duty-free with like alcohol
protein and sweets and a couple of cafes
that's it is nothing new
[Music]
well on the plus side all the washrooms
are completely empty no queuing
it looks like today this terminal is
only operating six flights and any two
European destinations honestly I never
thought I would see something like this
I mean you go to airports and they're
usually these super crazy chaotic places
and they give you a pretty good
understanding of the world which places
are connected where are people traveling
to what's going on but right now
everything is closed here nobody's
traveling for obvious reasons nobody
should be traveling but being here in
the middle of what is normally the
social hub a travel hub and see nobody
and nothing nothing is moving
the mood is completely still it feels
like something I've never experienced
I'm not sure if I like it no I
definitely don't like it as a
professional traveler I definitely don't
like it but these are the times these
are the things
okay time to go I think my flight is
open wow there it is
Frankfurt Germany 7:50 a.m. I can't
believe that in seven hours in seven
hours from now I'll be back home by the
way I've been learning Arabic and I can
tell you that this definitely says
[Music]
[Music]
all right guys this is it boarding the
flight to Germany going back home
officially finally after three months
being able to avoid this world and
disconnect all right let's do it all
right
ready to board it looks like there are
not that many passengers on this flight
so I'm really curious to see what the
plane setup looks like you get social
distancing even Ella Cuse
[Music]
the plane was almost completely empty
with maybe 10% of all seats taken
here's the thing about flying these days
the middle row remains free people can
only sit in the aisle seat I know what
you'll see
I'm not sure if I simply got lucky with
this flight because it's hard to imagine
that's what flying will look like going
forward so apparently these days instead
of a toothbrush and a pair of socks you
get this this get a mask you get the
gloves
and you get sanitizer this word seems to
be the new catchphrase in aviation
sanitized see I had my little cleaning
session but it turns out I should have
just left it to the pros
bacteria germs and viruses this includes
19 and all of a sudden we were off
I watched Abu Dhabi disappear beneath us
watched the airport from above most of
it empty the fleet grounded a ghost town
really
the famous Formula One race schools
quiet the roads almost completely empty
only the nature unchanged oh yeah they
did service food but I forgot to film it
so here's a few clips of cute animals
eating stuff all right you get the gist
we flew super close to Mount Ararat
in Turkey and the rest of the flight was
really no different than usual except
that I had to wear a mask the entire
time and had a lot of space to myself I
guess one more thing was different
though the times we live in are tough
and kind of unpredictable I got to spend
the last few months in a kind of
blissful bubble away from the chaos and
all the fear but I was now on my way
right into the heart of the pandemic in
Europe you can probably imagine I had
mixed feelings Frankfurt one of the
busiest airports in Europe felt
completely deserted okay welcome to
Frankfurt officially back in Europe
after six months in the midst of an
ongoing pandemic right this is real by
the way let's see what life is like from
now on but I believe it'll be quite
different from what you guys are used to
seeing on my feeds over the last few
months and so here I am back home
[Music]
[Music]
waa waa waa waa waa waa suck Pahlavi
[Music]
