hey guys I am so excited to be getting
on a flight to New York City there's
only a few small issues I have to come
back from Syria Yemen Iraq Iran and I'm
just about to get on the flight to the
United States of America with visas and
stamps from all these countries in my
passport but let's back up a little bit
I'm Ava zubik and I am a travel blogger
I mostly travel to places that most
other tourists don't so recently I've
been filming in Yemen Syria Iran Iraq
and Pakistan now the most common
reaction I get when I tell people about
these places is isn't it dangerous I
don't really look at it that way for me
these places are filled with natural
beauty they are the cradles of our
civilization unfortunately all of these
countries have found themselves in the
crossfire of Western interests and they
are still suffering the consequences
here is where the drama begins I've been
invited to the United States to attend a
really important really cool event and I
really wanted to go one thing that you
should know is that the United States is
not exactly best friends with any of
these countries here's the thing if you
have stamps from any of these countries
in your passport suddenly your entry
into the United States becomes a little
bit more difficult because suddenly you
are seen as a potential threat to the
security national security of the United
States of America that's how it is most
of my friends who have stamps from any
of those countries and who have
subsequently tried to enter the United
States have been questioned interrogated
detained and in some instances even
denied entry into the United States when
I came back home to the US a few months
ago the immigration officers stopped me
because he saw my Afghanistan Pakistan
and Iraq visas then he took me in the
back room and questioned me for about
30-minutes
am Canadian Mail had Turkish Lebanese
Egyptians stamp see my passport was
waiting for 30 minutes and then was
questioned for another 20 to 30 minutes
in small room and I
even talking about the Syrian or the
Iranian stamps I'm talking about
Egyptian or Lebanese stamps which I also
have a bunch of in my passport I finally
landed at JFK and as I walked towards
immigration I was really half expecting
to be sent back but at least definitely
interrogated and questioned that was for
sure so I went up to the gates at
immigration the little machines that
they have I put in my passport with the
visa and the Machine rejected it twice
but that turned out to just be a machine
at her so when I put it in the last time
it accepted me and then I went through
to the immigration officer and she was
looking at the stamps and she kind of
looked at me you know what happened this
is what happened I cannot believe it I
would ask zero questions there are
questions about any of those places
the only question that she asked me was
the standard run-of-the-mill what is the
purpose of your visit to the United
States that's it no other questions like
I mean dude I'm wearing this year in
keffiyeh I have stamps from Yemen and
Syria and my passport and you saw them
and you looked at them and you don't ask
me any questions not at all
this is what it boils down to yes there
may be a tiny bit of luck involved and
having a slightly more aware open-minded
immigration officer but at the end of
the day the real truth is that I had no
issues entering the u.s. because I am a
white woman with a very good excuse
being a travel vlogger this story would
have ended very differently if I had a
slightly different sounding more foreign
sounding name if the color of my skin
were different or if I were a guy people
of color are not treated in the same way
at European or American border crossings
as white people racial profiling is
really thing just as is racial privilege
I found it shocking to see just how
explicitly the system worked in my favor
just because I look like this the thing
is I don't really have a complete
all-encompassing solution to this
problem but I think where it stars is
for us to acknowledge that the problem
exists that it's really an issue and I
think if there are any white people
watching this video please realize that
we are given so much privilege at all
Western international and border
crossings next step I know perhaps
recognize our own unconscious underlying
biases and try and consciously fight
them question them negate them erase
them I was expecting a very difficult
border crossing it turned out to be
extremely easy but it did make me think
differently about this entire business
of international borders and and and how
we cross them and who gets to cross them
easily and and who doesn't that was a
very eye-opening realization for me and
I know I'll never look at border
crossings in the same way again
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching this video and I hope to see
you in the next one
