skardu scar discard Oh people have been
telling me to go to Skaro for about one
year and finally just a couple of weeks
ago I got to see scar do for myself and
now I want to tell you whether it's
worth going to scar do or whether
perhaps you should go to the neighboring
Musa instead much to be revealed in this
video but first of all let me tell you a
little bit about Scotty scar dough is
basically the Gateway to all the other
attractions and places all across
Palestine which is part of
gilgit-baltistan this is where you would
come if you wanted to access places like
K to do site planes or even nanga parbat
I'm gonna give you a little spoiler
skardu left a really special impression
on me but I'm gonna go back to the
beginning and tell you all about my
journey there are two ways to get to
skardu from the rest of Pakistan and
let's take a slum about as an example
you can either fight or you can take the
road look I'm not gonna lie to you if
you take the road it's gonna be a really
long journey probably about 20 hours and
that is without the possibility of
landslides but along the way you're
gonna get to see some incredible places
including the valleys of neuron and
possibly kahan as well as babu star
paths that was our past is basically a
road that goes up to over 4000 170
meters that is really really high and
then you'll get to drive along part of
the Karakoram highway probably the most
scenic road in the world and then at one
point you're gonna turn off onto a tiny
little road that's not very well
maintained and eventually after about 10
hours you might get discarded it didn't
have that much time so I flew here's the
thing about the flight it set me back
$200 for a one-hour flight
and that's all because there is only one
airline serving this route which means
they basically have a monopoly doesn't
matter ultimately the views out of the
window more than made up for it you fly
into skardu among some of the world's
most majestic peaks and you land at what
is probably one of the most scenic
airports in the world I am not
exaggerating our friend Mustapha that's
mr. Thoreau there picked us up from the
airport and his big 4x4 and that was
really the beginning of our skardu
adventure
nothing could quite prepare me for what
I saw next to be honest with you guys
I expected Scotty to be a little bit
like Musa but it is not at all like Kunz
except for the really crazy massive
mountains in honza you've got the one
big road the Karakoram highway that
directs all traffic in a singular
direction in skardu there is no such
road and the blossom comes late in
skardu as well much later than in who'sa
which means that we have the place all
to ourselves it was practically empty
which was great but it did have some
drawbacks for example some places being
literally shut down so this is the
famous lower cultural lake in skal G the
one that you see in all the pictures the
heart-shaped one with the amazing resort
the resort is closed you just get on
with it and you find alternatives this
is a perpetually
[Music]
[Music]
but guys we have a lot to cover and very
little time so I'm gonna whip through
all the other places ISIL and Scarlet
the very goopy so that you can decide
whether it's worth going there no after
Africa to our lake we decided to make
our way towards shigar for on our way to
Chicago out of the corner of my eye out
of the window of the car I caught a
glimpse of a place that looked really
quite interesting so we had to take our
4x4 and drive down this really tiny
little dirt track until we got to a
place that looked like a pasture in the
middle of the mountains right by a
winding blue river
[Music]
[Music]
I've always imagined places like this to
be a ASIS in the middle of a desert and
right here you got an oasis in the
middle of the mountains surrounded by
rock rock inhospitable inaccessible rock
and yet here we are anyway from this
green pasture we continued along our way
to sugar a fort I have seen pictures of
sugar fruit before but there's a few
things that I only found out once I got
there she our fort is a 17th century
fort which is kind of nestled in the
middle of the mountains and its name
apparently translates to rock fort or
the fort on the rock it was recently
restored by the a Gahan foundation and
now there is a really lovely boutique
hotel in the fort so yes guests can
actually stay inside the food in the
fort rooms isn't that cool but it is
quite pricey so not really for most
people's and budgets from sugar food we
continued along the way towards man toka
waterfall it was a good couple of hours
before we got there because the road is
really quite bumpy and although the
drive is really slow it is oh so scenic
[Music]
eventually we arrived at Montauk our
waterfall
[Music]
it's really pretty and you can have
lunch there you can have some freshly
caught river trout right in the
restaurant at Mantova waterfall from
under her waterfall we went back to
skardu along that ever bumpy road and on
the way we stopped at the place that for
me topped all the other places I've seen
probably in the north of Pakistan trust
me this one is good
[Music]
welcome to the saw franca cold desert
this place is an actual desert with sand
and sand dunes and all that jazz but
it's not anywhere in the south of the
country it's actually at an elevation of
a good couple thousand meters above sea
level in the middle of the Karakoram
mountains landscapes like this are
things that you normally see in like
fantasy drawings and fantasy films it
didn't seem real I could not get my head
around the fact that this place is
really real it's right there the cold
desert of Skaro and by the way it's not
the only one okay there's just one more
place that I really want to share with
you and if you are not familiar with the
religious history of Pakistan you're
gonna be pretty surprised about this one
because we stumbled upon a place called
the giant Buddha Rock yes this is an
actual stone carving that depicts the
Buddha this statue was created in the
ninth century
that's about 1200 years ago given the
fact that Pakistan is an Islamic
Republic and probably not very widely
known for religious diversity this is
pretty surprising but it's only one of
the many buddha rocks dotted across the
northern parts of Pakistan
[Music]
okay guys that's it for me I wanted to
show you what I sort of skardu and I'm
sure there's a lot that I missed so I
can't wait to go back and see the rest
so here's my argument for going to scar
do-over Hansa but going to scar do I
believe that you will be contributing
towards their evening out of tourism
across the north because as many people
know there are many attractions and
destinations in the North that are right
now suffering from over tourism
especially in scar those neighboring
Hansa so your scarda might be a slightly
more difficult destination to get to the
road might be a bit more bumpy the
infrastructure of restaurants and hotels
may not be as well developed as Hansa
but you'll be seeing a place that is so
beautiful so mind-blowing Lee epic and
doing something good for tourism in
Pakistan - thank you guys for watching
this video I hope you enjoyed it I had a
blast and skardu and I hope to be back
very very soon and I will see you guys
in the next vlog
