hey guys Ava here and today I have a big
reason to be excited because today I am
starting a pretty incredible journey see
I've partnered up with SkyTeam who are
sending me to three different countries
on their amazing round-the-world ticket
it's basically a ticket that allows you
to book a trip to several different
countries with so much flexibility and
without breaking the bank
so are you ready I think I'm ready let's
go
[Music]
my first destination is a destination
that I've been dreaming about seeing for
a little while but I'm not gonna tell
you about it until well five Oh
three two one let's go welcome to
Armenia the first destination of my
journey is also probably the wildest in
this little-known gem of the Caucasus
tucked in between Europe and Asia nature
reigns supreme I was on my way to visit
a family who lives in these mountains
but the way to get there was not exactly
smooth crazy
apart from livestock traffic jams along
the road the route led me through
mountains and dirt tracks see the
village of gunk lies nestled in between
the valleys and hills of Western Armenia
all right it looks like we've just
arrived I'm about to meet with a family
who runs a local guesthouse here and I
want to ask them some questions about
what it's like to live here in this
remote part of the world
all right I think this is it let's go
inside it looks like this family lives
in just the most idyllic place I've seen
look at all this green I think too many
of us this is like a little slice of
paradise but to Mary and her son Ben who
live here this is home the family runs
an agritourism business here bringing
travelers from all around the world to
describe old corner of Armenia in this
place that feels like it's outside of
time I wanted to ask Mary about this
countryside lifestyle what is the thing
that makes you happiest about living
here the Winx bombing Lisbon Camino Mesa
would offer two years younger to now
Miss Parker would Mary told me that what
makes her the happiest is living here
and running her guesthouse here she
explained that by welcoming travelers to
her home she gives them happiness and
enjoyment and that's what makes her
happy in town
[Music]
I have to ask a tricky question too I
wondered whether Mary had a favorite
nationality in terms of the tourists and
that is just such a beautiful sentiment
in a place like this anyway
all nationalities can be equal under
Mary's watchful eyes
[Music]
eventually Mary put me to make good news
getting to work in this village all food
comes straight from the garden or the
animals that roam around freely this is
the most organic it gets now this is
real honey
I think already this whole visit felt
just like visiting family mary claims
that nature is the best medicine and in
her home and through her food she could
probably make anyone feel happy and
right at home but the time has come to
say goodbye to beautiful Armenia and
today I'm gonna be flying I was about to
jump from the serenity of the Caucasus
into an entirely different landscape and
culture because my next stop was Mexico
and more specifically I came to Mexico
City
this capital doesn't have the best
reputation among travelers but I came
here searching for a different side to
the story the next stage of my journey
has brought me right here to Mexico City
the capital of color and energy and
creativity this seems like just the
right kind of place to ask some people
about creativity what they think about
it and how that combines with how they
live their lives
I had come to one of the many street
markets in Mexico City
this one was steaming with artists from
across all disciplines everyone here was
expressing themselves in their own
individual way on my stroll through the
market I ran into Adriana an independent
artist whose work caught my eye right
away anyway you were under but I mean
it's the creator's mechanism
my name is alain de la pareja de
infancia i also wanted to ask adriana as
an artist what would be her advice to
aspiring creatives the pensar que no es
posible most I was so drama who can miss
possibly ever Louis
[Music]
in history it's a project reconcile
enhances TV drama tiene que ser todo
como si fuera de Ãºltima linoleic as
promotional material Adriana's words
really hurt her in art and in every walk
of life it's all about getting started
and putting yourself out there no matter
how scary it feels at first there's
something just so beautiful and innocent
but at the same time haunting about her
art I'm gonna pass up on the opportunity
to get one piece for myself and
this is something that you remember you
take a little piece of them a lot of
their passion amazing I think much of
what Adriana was saying was about being
brave just going for it
[Music]
no matter our own inhibitions that's the
lesson I took from her but also from all
of Mexico City see this vibrant
metropolis is not without its problems
but what I saw out on the streets was a
spirit of energy and love people with
the courage to dance like there's no
tomorrow
play music with passion and simply enjoy
life to the fullest believe it or not I
think it takes a lot of courage to do
that and that's why leaving that
uplifting vibrancy of Mexico was no easy
task you know sometimes it can be really
difficult to leave places that you are
just really fond of so that's what
leaving Mexico feels actually but but
the SkyTeam around the world ticket I
was traveling on was taking me to a very
different part of the world by the way I
decided to try out this ticket because
of the flexibility that it gave me in
terms of my schedule and destination
itinerary you can read about it in my
caption below and in the meantime the
last stop on my round-the-world journey
has brought me to South Korea in this
country known for its fast pace of
technological progress I decided to
travel to the lesser known city of Busan
my goal for this visit was to learn
something about Korean food culture so I
met up with a local foodie to show me
around and give me a lesson in Korean
cooking see Busan is Korea's largest
port city and the market that Junho
brought me to called jagalchi is the
country's biggest seafood marketplace
fishermen bring their catch of the day
to jagalchi every morning which means
that anything you buy here is bound to
be super fresh antelope
[Music]
joon-ho taught me about all the
different kinds of seafood that's local
to the region and in turn I couldn't
take my eyes of all the people working
away in this crazy hustle and bustle
after a couple of hours of exploring the
market culture here in Busan we finally
made it to our final destination we just
come here to it cooking studio and we're
gonna be doing a little Korean cooking
las' I'll be doing my best and learning
Joon hos mission for today was to teach
me how to cook a few dishes Korean style
his passion for food was infectious even
to someone like me who normally shied
away from any kind of cooking smell is
just unbelievable yet Wow soy garlic
mushroom and then jinho tried to teach
me how to flip a pancake let's take
another look at that shall we and
eventually our feast was ready every
single dish we made had come from jin
ho's family recipe book but for me the
most interesting part began when general
told me more about the food etiquette in
korean families just like his own when
we have a meal in Korea we say cha cha
cha ka meetha yes okay when we have a
some meal you cannot like this oh you're
just pushing down here and then the rice
eat when you have us a meal with your
father mother mother or grandmother
together with you say tamuka Sumida and
then my grandmother first
my father or mother and me and my kids
favorite hey S aureus Korean furniture
that's the the most senior person yeah
yeah senior person is the first time it
was time to say goodbye to John Howe who
taught me a great deal about the role
that food plays in Korean family life it
was also time to say goodbye to Korea
and goodbye to my round-the-world
journey
guys that was an absolutely incredible
and and pretty life-changing journey I
feel like I have learned so much
traveling from one corner of the globe
to the other and you know they say that
you learn so much by traveling but I
think that you learn so much more from
the people that you meet on your travels
and even though people like Mary Adriana
and Jun ho taught me so much of their
own culture I feel like the biggest
insight for me has been that you can
really learn from anyone and everyone
anyone can be your teacher as long as
you are willing to open yourself up to
their inside their experience and what
they can share with you what they can
teach you and that's why I for me the
best part of travel is meeting people
thank you guys so much for coming along
on this incredible around-the-world
journey with me and a big shout out to
sky team for making this happen thank
you again and I hope to see you in the
next vlog
