I've been on the train for the last four
days and three nights and I spent those
three nights and four days
coach no bad no luxuries no shower
sorry about the detail just the seat and
well it hasn't been easy
that way but let's go back to the
beginning and let me show you how does
Jenny actually began hey guys
just about to get on a train probably
the longest train journey that you can
do in America or one of the longest
because I'm going straight from San
Francisco all the way to New York
it'll take me but in a half days
days of riding across all of the United
States west to east and a big
but honestly I love long distance trains
I quickly stole away my baggage on the
train racks
after getting insurance it was safe and
headed over to the upper deck to find my
seat okay you can got my seat the nice
double spread hopefully there won't be
too many people here so I can actually
take up the entire space and well ready
to go this will be a long one this will
be a really long one guys so let me show
you guys around a little bit so on this
train you've got two rows of pretty
massive seats on both sides and it's not
too full it's not too crowded which is
really nice and your feet feel quite
comfortable as well you can really
stretch your legs it's not like being on
a plane where you have to keep your
knees pretty much next to your face well
good news about the electric sockets -
like any fool time traveler I made
myself a little nest around my seat with
my book and cup and headphones and
laptop so I could get in the zone
quickly okay guys worm we've just pulled
out of the station so we've got very
first motion of the Train that's just
the coolest feeling ever because you
feel that sense of journey January it
begins
feels good this is no ordinary train
this is the California Zephyr and this
is really one of the most epic train
journeys in the world I think I mean
come on you're crossing the entirety of
the net
west to east through going through
California Nevada Utah Colorado Nebraska
Iowa
and you know what those states are
crossing all these incredible landscapes
from deserts and canyon
lush green mountains to endless fuel
than cities and towns in between and I
astounding really you could probably
just spend the entire journey looking
out of the window because the views
along this route are something out of
this world but for now let's go back
inside the Train this is the club car of
the California Zephyr it has huge
windows on all sides and a lot of
passengers end up chilling here during
the day there's also a dining car right
behind that door of it there but I got
told off for filming inside so let me
show you the cafe instead hotdogs coffee
tea beer sweets good enough but hang on
what do you actually do on a train for
four days the real reason why I decided
to take the train a home away from
California to New York is actually the
because of work because I have so much
video editing to do and I just thought
four days on the train that sounds like
a pretty good amount of time to focus on
the edits so this is how I spend most of
my time and you know this is how I would
also suggest you spend most of your time
I can do something productive
yeah sure look out the window it's
pretty out there that you know read a
book finish off that book that you still
haven't managed to finish watch that
series or that film that you've been
meaning to watch for absolute ages or
just focus on getting all your work done
for me it's just like that constant
movement of the train that gets me
really focused and gets my creative
juices flowing so that's what I'll be
doing
you do end up feeling a little bit
claustrophobic sometimes so when that
happened I just moved to the club car to
watch the world go by
we're longest journeys like this I think
it's always good to just make themselves
a little bit more pleasant for yourself
so every morning on this train to get
myself a big hot cup of black coffee and
this is how I start my morning but
behind this pretty relaxed facade was a
fair amount of stress
see I had accidentally booked a single
seat on the train instead of a bed yep
for four days I know you're curious
about one very specific thing and that
is how do you even begin to sleep and
coach like not even getting a good
night's how do you even begin
see here it's actually not that
difficult I figure out a pretty good way
but it all works if you have no
neighbors unless he likes you
first of all you have to begin by
folding back the chair maybe it doesn't
go back all the way but it does create a
little bit of extra space this is the
second step first of all you need a
pillow now I don't actually have a
pillow so what I did was I took the bag
I just stuffed it and then of course the
sleeping bag or a blanket just something
that you can use to cover yourself or
even lie on top of without this I don't
think I could do this entire journey you
definitely can't lie down all the way
but you can curl up a little bit and
build yourself a cozy little nest now
let's have a look at another key spot on
the train the washrooms located on the
lower deck there's a whole bunch of them
to choose from and all of them come with
solid locks although I can't say that
they're particularly huge so this is the
toilets now unfortunately because I only
have a coach seat that means there is no
shower which means that for four days I
have to abandon all rules of Hygiene and
propriety and deal with this greasy hair
anyway I shouldn't complain and there is
everything you need here perfectly fine
right there's two rubbish business so
there is a small thing there is
but and a big mirror what else cuz you
need really okay quite a lot but it's
due it's survivable definitely you know
if you're willing to just rough it for a
couple of days you'll be absolutely fine
of course the day's just passed as I
played with my food every single day and
got bored and got excited and slept and
didn't sleep so - the Train just moved
through space and time
three is about to end and you're just
pulling into Chicago Union Station where
I will get to finally leave the tree for
a few hours stretch my legs get some
food and get on the next train
I'm here for next up changing trains so
I need to get all my stuff there's a lot
of it and I'm gonna have to change
trains look by my California Zephyr
you've been amazing
see what I've been missing out on proper
bedroom yep
so these are the sleepers that I didn't
manage to book real quick if I can show
you thank you
the nicer compartments
hiding people I might get kicked out
whoa look at this this is one cabin very
nice
but I think this is what we're looking
for the proper sleep or look at that so
there is one bed at the top and now
there's a bigger bed here this is like a
double okay this probably beats sleeping
in the chair but isn't as much fun
probably probably I'm gonna get out of
here before someone kicks out and buys
me from I'm Troy trains he has a keen
map Oh pretty much the entire is I
started out here in Oakland every night
and finally I'm here in Chicago next Oh
Ruby I don't know if I'm doing this
right
all the ways in your hand and they'll be
the end tomorrow night the railway
system in the u.s. is pretty massive but
honestly I was just quite excited to be
in Chicago for a couple of hours before
getting back on the train to New York
and on the second and last train wait
hang on this is the face of someone who
has been on the train for four days this
eyes headed straight to New York that's
about 20 hours I guess of course coffee
is an absolute must for me but luckily
this drain also had a cafe pretty simple
but it was there guys this is the cafe
it's not quite as fancy as the one on
the California surfer which has the
proper dining coach and everything like
bagels and
Coffee most important thing and that's
what I'm just like see for me just like
for any other passenger this ritual of
getting coffee several times a day was
one of the most important and grounding
ones throughout an incredibly long and
tiring journey it's like I need to talk
to you guys about this entire experience
because it's and some things I've been
on the train for the last four days and
three nights and I
those three nights and four days
coach no bad no shower just the seat and
it hasn't been easy for the price tag of
$241 it's also not too bad I mean you
want its accomodation for three nights
technically and it's transport as well
is it difficult to survive in terms of
being in
which itself it depends for me it was
fine I had a sleeping bag with me I've
slept in worse places much much worse
and you know I can kind of curl up and
none of the luxury of not having anybody
next to me oh no no I would say this
Survival Guide to spending four days in
coach on Amtrak I survived pretty
decently anyway this has been amazing I
would have really loved about this
journey was
the countryside of the land of the
United States I mean go on
it crossed 11 states in four days this
is truly one of the creator's train
journeys you can take anywhere in the
world today after about 71 hours we
finally arrived in New York City guys it
feels slightly surreal I'm about to
leave the Train first diamond oh well
not quiet the first time in four days
but you know I mean
welcome to the yoke it's been a really
really long journey well the thing about
arriving at your final destination is
that you kind of end up losing the
journey you put it behind you and that's
always a bit of a nostalgic feeling
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you've enjoyed it
come and follow me on instagram for
daily updates on adventures around the
world and I hope to see you in the next
vlog
