listen to this because this is a pretty
massive adventure even in Ava's world I
am currently on support rrah Island
which is a wild and remote island in the
middle of the Gulf of Aden and it
belongs to Yemen and not only that I am
just about to embark on a four-day trek
into the wilderness of the island with a
bunch of camels as our pack animals this
is probably going to be my most
adventurous vlog to date
[Music]
I'm not sure what you say to camels to
get their attention but this seems to be
working hey ah much better
and then what are we doing here what
packing the luggage and all of this is
going to go on the back of those camels
the packing ritual is probably the most
important and our professional
professional guides knew exactly what
they were doing but I had other
priorities this is the traditional way
to wear a turban and our guide Adnan is
basically the person that ties it for me
pretty much every single day and today
is no exception because we're heading
out into the super scorching hot
mountains so we need some head
protection right according to ad nan
this turban was meant to keep my head at
just the perfect temperature hmm let's
see you ready to go and so loaded up we
set off on the first leg of the Trek
which was meant to take six hours in the
thirty degree heat it's only been about
ten minutes of hiking so far and I've
already got through it pouring down my
face I think I must have tried all of
the world's possible configurations of
the Tabon but it didn't help with the
heat really hot
the only thing that actually helped was
a small stream on the side of the trail
but you guys probably don't want to see
my sweaty face anymore dear let's take a
look at some landscapes as soon as the
dusty trails turned green the breeze
also came in and finally I felt like I
was home only been about five hours of
hiking but we suddenly found ourselves
in a completely different world and
landscape this honestly just looks like
I don't know
Scottish Highlands New Zealand I did not
expect to see this kind of landscape
right here in the Middle East I also
didn't expect camels to be quite so
mountain ready but they really were
we've arrived this is going to be our
camping spot for the next couple of
nights can you believe it a horde of you
in the company of this beautiful nature
afternoon turned it into evening an
evening turned into a quiet night
and then the next morning came in
heavily welcome to day two of this
socotra trek basically how we're doing
so trying to reach one of the highest
points on the island we don't really
know where it is so this whole day is
all about looking for that one peak
[Music]
apparently we're meant to be climbing
that peak over there oh it's too much
much good good mush kid no much guilt no
no not a problem
yeah it seemed like a whole lot of mush
Gil to me and by the way we were already
pretty exhausted from having been
trekking for several hours how are we
gonna do this
well our guide decided to go barefoot
Wow hey there my shoes I'm not taking
these off anytime soon Wow pretty steep
it's actually pretty much vertical whoa
yep this wall was really really vertical
and we had no climbing equipment no
lines no safety gear nothing like that
we just tried our best and we kept on
climbing
whatever the trail threw at us and then
eventually right there is the
long-awaited summit almost there just a
few more steps disappear
oh my god
this is epic if you've ever climbed a
peak before in your life no matter how
tall or small you know this feeling the
feeling of having achieved something the
feeling of having walked towards your
goals and having reached them the
feeling of being somewhere on top of
something but that feeling didn't last
very long in this case because as soon
as the cloud started rolling in really
fast we knew that we had to get back
down with grace and ease of course
[Music]
don't ask me how but somehow we managed
to get back down to camp in one piece
but it was actually only on the
following morning the last day of the
trek that I found my true summit and
finally after well nearly three days of
walking I'm here in the place that I've
been looking forward to seeing the most
this is a traditional home someone who
lives in these mountains full time no
electricity no water full-time mountain
living
this is spies and he will show us around
his mountain home here in socotra phase
is a nice sociable young man so why does
he live all alone in these mountains
well his work brings him here and
semi-desert desert whenever he is not
taking care of his animals by his likes
to spend time right here in his mountain
home very traditional mountain home at
that it's a simple life he doesn't have
much ba a radio maybe a lamp here and
there and a couple of special items like
this one to keep milk and yogurt and his
Jan beer the traditional Yemeni knife oh
wait there's one more thing that he
really wanted to show us of course
and this a present that he got from a
few tourists a few years ago
out of this entire trip the home of
phase is the thing that made the deepest
impression on me
this man living alone assuring us that
he is happy here in the mountains and he
would rather live nowhere else just here
and as much as we would have loved to
stay with faiis and spend more time with
him we had to get going to our own homes
and back to our own very different kind
of reality because you see new peaks are
always waiting just around the corner
[Music]
you
[Music]
