No what does this have to do with the k2
base camp trek though well almost
everything actually but let me start at
the beginning
one beautiful summer day of the peak of
my youth I found myself on a dusty Jeep
track in the remote north of Pakistan
the road was taking me towards the
starting point of an exciting summer
adventure see I had just booked myself a
place on one of the most challenging
commercial tracks available today run by
a young and bright company called find
my adventure after completing the effort
Basecamp track vo before I was about to
embark on the k2 based on track this 200
kilometer circuit across rocks glaciers
and snow was meant to bring me to the
foot of the world's second tallest
mountain k2 in the heart of the
Karakoram range it took us seven hours
just to reach the village of ascoli
where our trek was due to begin so I'm
just in my tent right now and it's the
last night before the track Kenda and is
the first night over the trek to and I'm
just thinking about tomorrow and the
journey that lies ahead of us in
I'm a little bit nervous to be honest
because it's a pretty big physical and
mental challenge but Eisley just really
excited really excited for the journey
ahead
if there's one thing you should know
about the k2 base camp trek it's this it
takes two weeks to complete it and
during those two weeks you have to bring
all your food supplies and shelter with
you because there is ZERO tourism
infrastructure along the way all right I
think everybody's ready to get going
there's a lot of commotion here but of
course we couldn't leave ascoli
empty-handed just got these two little
colorful charms from a lady here in the
village she was selling them for good
luck from on the road I guess it's a
sign it all will be well as they say
here inshallah this is the map of the
entire Karakoram park so we started here
in a skully we walked right here to
Madani this is where we are right now
but wait for this the entire route is
right there that's it that's it that's
quite far it's quite far see when you
start out on a track like this you just
ask yourself why did I even sign up the
amount of walking you're about to do on
crazy difficult terrain is plain insane
table breeze I've never seen in my life
but apparently this is only one of many
bridges by kids
they're gonna have to brave it let's go
but then eventually you always realize
again why all that how does this happen
I mean I am on a beach a sandy beach
surrounded by some of the world's
tallest mountains with snow cuts on top
how does this happen with 6000 meter
peaks jutting out at every corner and a
long winding road ahead you know that
the Karakoram mountains are a force to
be reckoned with and that was just the
beginning guys I don't know about you
but I've never spent four days walking
across a glacier that's exactly what
we're about to do right here with belt
or a glacier
one of the biggest notice to Pakistan
but in the world wow this is gonna be
quite the adventure here's where things
start getting a lot harder you think
about walking on a glacier is that it's
a constant murderous up and down so
you're climbing up only to come down
again around the next bend and adding to
the danger just below the thin layer of
rock you're stepping on it's all
slippery endless ice enough about the
wall can you go there's one really
important part of the k2 base camp trek
that people sometimes forget about but
this is actually how we spend most of
our time I want to show you around our
camp because you're constantly moving
toward your destination every day you
stay at a different campsite and the
most common question that people ask me
about that is toilets washrooms showers
the reality is that
is our washroom hey I'm not complaining
the bedrooms this is not a hotel kind of
situation on this track we sleep in
tents and yes it does get cold and no
there is no heating so I want to show
you around my junior suite okay this is
probably one of the most important
places of the trek this is your bedroom
this is where you get a proper full
night's rest
now keep one thing in mind right now we
are sleeping on a glacier that means
that right underneath this tent it's
rock and ice so this is this is a
sleeping bag the most important item you
can bring on this Trek if you have a bad
sleeping bag you're gonna be freezing
and probably sick the levels of comfort
may not be super high here but it all
depends on what you see comfort us for
example this tent right here this is our
mess tent our communal tent where we
spend pretty much our entire evenings
and this is the true meaning of comfort
on this particular truck let's go inside
it's always warm here because it's a
scientist with the cooking and this is
the place we will get chai and
and stop eating those delicious looking
for Korres this deliciousness
I mean exactly what you need after a
long day of trekking and it's all thanks
to Iqbal our amazing chef who's been
with feeding us incredible food
throughout this entire adventure see
what I mean small moments that make you
safe thank you after long days of
trekking the true meaning of comfort but
there is one very specific reason why us
trekkers can feel cozy and comfy on this
hardcore Trek these guys the porters of
Pakistan the mountain men who carry all
your equipment up the side of the
mountain to 5,000 meters and beyond 20
or 30 kilograms at a time this could
just be the hardest job in the world and
of course I wanted to give it a try
[Music]
you know he does it after job of a
porter has a really difficult job I mean
I could barely walk with this on my back
they imagine he actually has to walk 200
kilometers so at one of the camps I
decided to take a peek behind the scenes
and see how these underrated superheroes
spend their free time and what I saw was
pretty surprising
the porters hang out together all of
them friends having worked side-by-side
for years
they huddle around a fire for hours at a
time in their own comfort zone making
bread Wow for me this is the typical
team that the port is here eat and make
right here on this fire carrom carrom
which means it's hot let's try
Wow amazing
this HP fresh off the fire perfectly
baked hot bread and so if you like this
gives you energy for the entire day Wow
obviously I thought let's give this a
shot
how hard can it be come on I'm a travel
blogger surely I can handle this and
then disaster struck I think I'm better
at eating them than actually making
themselves stick to them this was just
the most incredible thing as you can see
I've eaten pretty much all the bread but
to see how the porters make their food
and how they eat it and what kind of
community it is just you don't get this
anywhere else in the world only in
Pakistan anyway time to go back to camp
let's go
I guess all of us on the track have our
own little comfort zones and mine had
just started to expand
I loved the rotis made by the porters
but honestly we've got here in the tent
is just
Wow but is always on the k2 base camp
track your thoughts and your legs return
to the trail the entire landscape soon
changed evolving into a snowy paradise
at some of the world's tallest summits
dancing high around you in this small
concentrated area there are four peaks
over 8,000 meters four out of the
world's 14 it can be an intimidating
sight realizing just how small you are
in this wilderness and eventually you
find what you came here for k2
[Music]
it's worth every single hour that we
spent suffering trekking hiking in the
snow on the glacier nothing really beats
this view nothing
the world's second tallest mountain at
eight thousand six hundred eleven meters
k2 stands high above all the peaks that
surrounded the next stage of the journey
would take me from these views right up
to the foot of the mountain and at the
base camp this I think was so far the
coldest night we've experienced on the
track here in Concordia have maybe -15
and there's a lot of snow it snowed all
night which means that the way to k2
base camp is pretty rough there's snow
up to the knees up to the waist and
actually the entire team will stay
behind here at Concordia and I will be
the only person that goes with the guide
to the camp which I'll be filming
everything on let's go pro I'm excited
but nervous but I just really want to
get there okay it's time to go in here
yeah yeah it's past time in my life yeah
you've been working here for quite a
long time so this part of the track
would take me from the glacier of
Concordia to the actual base camp of V 2
that's the place where all the summits
expeditions stay to prepare and go up
the mountain itself today we were
expecting to trek for 10 hours in the
deep snow and cloud and ice in the most
difficult terrain of the trek to date
because I'm tiring this is not an easy
trick this turbo doesn't look friendly
and
[Music]
where's the fridge I'm free
we had good speed I think my own
motivation to reach k2 base camp was
running so high that I found myself when
whizzing through the snow like a total
pro I was exhausted yes but it was one
of the most exciting journeys I've ever
been on
soon enough we got there in the
Karakoram wilderness I I can't believe
I'm actually here I mean it feels so
good it was all worth it every single
step of the way
[Music]
okay yes we still had over 100
kilometres to go on the way back but now
that seemed like a formality see I made
it to one of the most remote base camps
in the world made it through some of the
roughest terrain on this planet made it
to uninhabitable attitudes through crazy
weather made it through thick and thin I
made it
