I wasn't sure what I would find in Syria
but never in a million years that I
imagined I would have found what I did
find this is the story of my journey
from Lebanon to the masses
all along the way I wondered whether I
would actually be allowed to enter I can
film any of the border crossing luckily
I got through I'm in Syria
Syrian stem I got a piece up fifteen
days and be out on our way towards
Damascus I could not be more excited and
already to do this a country torn apart
by a bloody crisis over the last eight
years Syria hasn't been letting in any
tourists for almost a decade I'm one of
the first few in a recent more relaxed
shift in the visa regime in Damascus I
was expecting to see a city that was
lifeless and devoid of hope but that's
not what greeted me there from the very
first impression Damascus didn't just
surprise me it astonished me frankly
most of us don't know much about the
city and to see it so full of life and
colorful Wow and there there was all the
history that luckily survived the crisis
but with so much to see there is only
one way to truly kick off a tour of
beautiful Damascus as I've just entered
the umayyad mosque which is one of the
most iconic mosques in the world it
dates back to the early 8th century and
it is also meant to be one of the
biggest mosques in the world with a
capacity for about 20,000 people just
look at this masterpiece
you know once upon a time this mosque
actually housed a church as well as
mosque so right now this entire
religious complex is built on the
foundations of different religions this
is something I would hear over and over
again from Syrians throughout my trip
that prior to the conflict Syria has
always been a land where Christians
Muslims and Jews could be neighbors and
worship alongside each other these words
have to stay with me since then but on
that day well things got a little less
serious as soon as I left the mosque
guys the craziest thing just happened so
we just left one of the most important
monuments here in the city the azan
palace and I got this from one of the
men at the ticket office just like that
I got a book and he gave me this
beautiful shawl in the pattern of the
Syrian flag and I just totally didn't
see coming people here are really kind
and really really generous and it shows
pretty much every step of the way that's
really lovely and they're also very
curious because there we go this was the
first sign of things to come the
generosity that I would experience from
people who didn't know me like in this
tiny hole in the world bakery when they
saw a foreigner the men working inside
immediately invited me in to see how
they make their bread and they didn't
let me go empty-handed I got this bread
for free from the bread factory so much
when you're wandering around the streets
of Damascus you get a strange layered
sense of life and nostalgia and tragedy
and hope it's hard enough to sense that
they're eventually in an alleyway in the
old town I suddenly found myself in a
tiny shop with artisan handcrafted
mosaics traditional to Syria Johnny is
the owner of this amazing shop and he
has this factory right there on the side
as well and I'm just here I've been here
for about 20 minutes trying to pick out
a piece that I would like for my home
for myself and there is just so much
beauty here all of these items all of
these boxes and chess boxes and souvenir
everything is made by hand and it takes
days upon days to make every single
piece some of them are inlaid with
mother-of-pearl which is a precious
material and many of them are made from
rosewood which is one of the most
precious kinds of wood this stuff is
just incredible every single piece I'm
in love and this shop has stood the test
of time for well over a century
how old is your shop for 140 years and
how many generations work here five
years can you imagine the amount of work
that goes into every single piece still
made very much by hand anyway while I
was browsing through these beautiful
pieces Johnny and my guide acid e were
having a very different kind of
conversation but only about religious
things and why do you respect I said to
him that I translated to you that we
respect religion and human he said no we
are setting okay but we respect more the
humanity humanity is human if you have
to respect each other and you know what
else is beautiful this piece that I
bought from Johnny's shop and which he
meticulously wrapped for me with so much
love all right I have just become the
proud owner of a beautiful beautiful
chess I really kind of like this thank
you so much this is Johnny's shop right
here in Damascus pleasure meeting you
Wow what adventures beautiful just the
things that you find on the streets of
Damascus
amazing people who work hard who creates
beautiful odds and are so kind and so
generous
before coming to Syria I had the
impression that the country was barren
and empty that everybody had left I
think that that is often the image that
we see in most global media so don't
blame me when I say that I was surprised
to find the Damascus was actually a
bustling historic city with incredible
people and lively soups guys right here
behind me this is the main souk of the
man space and the entrance gate is just
splendid spectacular this would actually
once the temple of Jupiter he believed
it let's go inside I quickly realized
that the Damascus souk was one of the
most diverse bazaars I had ever visited
in the Middle East from souvenirs like
the Fez or the Syrian cap to cafes
traditional instruments and metal ware
and copper and silver to some more
unique items and of course my favorite
cardamom coffee as an ice-cream
connoisseur I also had to stop by one of
the most popular dessert shops in town
this is one of the most famous most
ice-cream shops in cear√° and it's over
120 years old and still running
uninterrupted now the way that they make
the ice-cream is pretty special and I
want to show you exactly how it works
the ice cream at baduk is made right
here in the shop in front of all the
customers and it's crafted entirely by
hand it's so creamy so good so good to
mom he makes the ice cream by the way
and by the way may I add that I also got
the ice cream I didn't want to have it
away I try to pay so many times the
owner wanted to give it to me as a gift
I'll tell you about oldest generosity
and what I think it means in the context
of me and ordinary traveler at the end
of the vlog but in the meantime there
was just one last place I really needed
to check out on my tour of Damascus
Damascus is full of history and
tradition but there is one particular
custom that's extra special and it only
exists in a couple of cafes right here
in the heart of the old city this is the
custom of the storyteller
every evening a storyteller is to come
up to all the catheters in the masses
and tell stories instead of watching
television people listen to the tales oh
this tradition still survives but only
and a couple of selected venues and we
are right now in one of them I mean just
imagine in today's Damascus in a
smoke-filled room trinkets and
decorations of old all around you and in
the middle on a throne a man with a
sword reading tales out loud to a keen
and listening public and as the tale
unfolds and the evening deepens the
coals in your shisha continue to burn
[Applause]
smoky
look I had an absolutely incredible time
in Syria the experiences I had the
people I came across the culture that I
got to learn about those are absolutely
unforgettable Syria is the cradle of our
civilization in so many ways and and
even today in Damascus that really
shines through but there's one thing
that I really need to express and and
tell you guys about and that's the fact
that Syria is still not exactly the
easiest and safest and most
straightforward travel destination you
can go to because see Syria is still
continues to be in the midst of a crisis
that has been going on for several years
now a crisis that has rendered many
people homeless that has separated
families and that has unfortunately led
to many many too many deaths and as a
traveler in Syria I felt extremely
privileged and extremely lucky about the
fact that I was able to travel there
pretty freely travel freely in a country
that many people still haven't been able
to return to after having been displaced
by the conflict so to any traveler going
to visit Syria I urge you to consider
your privilege consider just how lucky
you are to be able to visit this place
so early on at a time that is still
difficult for many people who are
wishing to return to their homeland and
to all the Syrians who welcomed me into
their beautiful home
I thank you this has been one of the
most transformative and eye-opening
journeys of my entire life and I hope to
come back soon and I only wish for
stability and prosperity in a peaceful
Syria thank you so much and I hope to
see you in the next vlog
