my name is ava and I am a travel vlogger
over the last year I traveled Pakistan
far and wide north to south and east to
west my videos and content about the
country have gone and millions of views
but I'm not here to talk about myself
today today I'm here to talk about what
I've seen of Pakistan and what I believe
the future of Pakistan's tourism can be
see most of my Pakistani friends start
to chuckle when I tell them this but
it's really no joke
I believe that Pakistan can be the
world's number one tourism destination
it really can let me give you a few
arguments as to why I think so starting
with the mountains of Pakistan one of
the greatest assets that Nature has
bestowed on this country beyond the
current results of malim Java and nasara
why can't ski resorts dot the peaks of
these mountains
and beyond that looking at the beautiful
landscapes of scarred old moons earns a
lot
why can't Pakistan become the next
Bhutan Nepal with mountaineering and
mountain trekking infrastructures that
rival those of its neighboring countries
with eight out of the world's 20 tallest
mountains this should be the epicenter
of the world's Trekkie adventure and
mountain tourism and just look at the
mountains of the south
this is Hangul National Park in
Balochistan now why can't this become
the next Grand Canyon
just imagine tourists trekking hiking
and camping among these beautiful Nature
Made structures and while we're in
Balochistan how can we forget about the
beaches the entire coast of the Arabian
Sea with the right attitude and vision
could become one of the world's prime
Beach destinations for all seasons
imagine five-star resorts private
islands and beach shacks lining this
beautiful coastline because after all
isn't it beautiful and isn't it possible
next up culture and the arts both Sindh
and the capital of Kota Lahore have so
much to offer the craftsmanship and
artistry and handicraft that I've seen
are unlike anywhere else in the world
this could be Pakistan's prime export
and imagine thousands hundreds of
thousands of tourists bringing bits of
Pakistan with them back home to share
with their communities religious tourism
Pakistan has such an incredible Islamic
heritage and I know that the Sufi Trail
of Sindh can appeal not just to Muslim
tourists but to any tourists interested
in history and culture Pakistan also
happens to be the birthplace of Sikhism
and the travels of guru Nana it's also
home to some of the most important Hindu
sites in the world as well as Buddhist
stupas and remains of a rich buddhist
heritage history why don't more people
around the world know that Pakistan is
where the world's oldest civilization
the Indus Valley Civilisation was found
why can't marking acropolis Rana code
fort or mohenjo-daro become the next
Machu Picchu or Angkor Wat what exactly
is preventing Pakistan from becoming the
world's top destination for history
buffs and of course let's not forget
about the food pakistan has such a rich
culture of food and cuisines and the
diversity from province to province is
just astonishing take Lahore and Karachi
where are the Michelin star restaurants
why can't these places become some of
the world's top culinary hubs for foodie
tourism well this is my Pakistan it's
going to take so much time effort
dedication and investment to bring this
vision into reality but I know that the
gifts that Pakistan has been blessed
with are endless
this is how I see the future of tourism
in Pakistan and I hope that you share my
vision
