on most days you get up you go to work
you come back you eat you sleep that's
it but there are days will you give
yourself the chance to go out of your
comfort zone and it's those days that I
feel release the true adventurer in each
and every one of us and it's those days
that remind you of who you can be and I
think I have just experienced one of
those days a day so filled with
adventures I don't even know what to
begin telling you about all of them but
a day that definitely definitely
definitely confirms my belief that
Pakistan is zindabad is zabardast is
zindabad and that this is one of the
countries will you get a chance to
experience adventures like you never
thought you could so let me tell you
about my epic epic day
[Music]
adventure number one ecumene getting on
top of an extremely tall animal about
three meters high huh let's see how that
went now this is a pretty exclusive I
think I'm the first person today to ride
this out of oh I hope he's ok with it
[Music]
I guess he's still feeling sleepy just
like me so he's called stay calm
[Music]
this candle was good to me thank you
we're becoming friends I survived it see
no need for fear second adventure is
trying to find some dolphins out on the
Arabian Sea
[Music]
we have been on this boat for about an
hour just driving out to the open sea
okay for dolphins see them jumping
around and swimming but apparently
there's never any guarantee that we'll
actually see them all right maybe we put
it find the dolphins but we did find
something okay sometimes it just doesn't
happen no matter what you try no matter
what you do it's out of your control
but you know what's important is to keep
fighting on and find alternatives and be
happy with the alternatives and that's
exactly what I did because this next
adventure adventure number three is
pretty extreme got my adrenaline rushing
and running and got me speeding without
getting any tickets we're just about to
pick up the pace and I'm about to do
something that I've never done before
which is jet skiing on the Arabian Sea
[Music]
see I thought that someone would drive
me on this thing but turns out I got to
drive it but you can see my happiness
you can see my joy and my adrenaline
right yeah I have to find a way to calm
myself down a little bit and fight a
very distinctive fear of mine the
deathly fear of turtles which brings me
to adventure number four turtle washing
on the beaches of Karachi look at this
precious darling and you see them
hatching on this very beach and then
going out into the sea where they belong
and where they can grow up and live with
this so there that's it I can never
again explain to you why I ever feared
turtles they are like the sweetest
creatures on earth see don't fear things
just go for them just do it
conquer your fears get out of your
comfort zone which is exactly what I did
until I went back to Karachi and I had
to face another fear no it's just the
most unforgettable Mourinho's definitely
was getting up at 5 a.m. for all of
these movie adventures and all of this
in a city of over 20 million people you
have to find that kind of serenity and
peace and natural beauty is just amazing
so I am I feel like I've already had so
many adventures but now we're back in
Karachi and it's time for something a
little bit more urban this brings me to
adventure number
five which is facing the traffic in
Karachi and driving a new mode of
transport driving a rickshaw yes I drove
Eric Shaw let's see how that went this
is one adventure that I don't really
know why I signed up for I don't know if
it's fun or courage or silliness but I'm
just about to start driving a rickshaw
on the streets of Karachi
[Music]
how that all went without a glitch I
have no idea but clearly I am still here
to tell the tale so I managed to survive
that adventure two guys so far so good
this is pretty amazing and after all of
that after that crazy day of exploring
and trying new things and challenging
yourself I still had one thing left to
do
I also didn't tell you that I'm quite
scared of shellfish and that I'm also
very very very prone to seasickness so
conquering two fears in a single go
let's go crabbing
[Music]
[Music]
it may look like our captain is very
serious about this but actually he was
quite the prankster she tried to scare
us that the crabs are really dangerous
but of course we didn't quite believe
him yeah yeah that's what we did and
that's what makes grabbing so much fun
eventually these crabs ended up being
cooked and boiled
turned red and sprinkled with some of
this really spicy masala tomato sauce
and of course they ended up on our
plates
it's days like this that make me feel
like a true adventurer that bring me to
confront my discomfort zones that bring
me to take a look at my fears and
re-evaluate them and in the process
reevaluate myself it's days like this
that you're adventurous self becomes
yourself
it's days like this
that challenged us
so here I am
I've grown quite a bit today
happy adventuring everybody
you
