women are normally allowed to come up
this road
and I see all these people around me
everybody's so touched and I myself I'm
so touched that I can be here right now
this is
that's very special to so many people
[Music]
[Music]
this vlog is the story of the whole
culture of a history let me take you on
the ultimate roadtrip of sindh what do
you think this is exactly I mean it
looks like an ornate palace of some kind
right but it's not this is actually a
place that I've been meaning to visit
for ages having seen it on Instagram and
on YouTube and on Facebook shared by
everybody apart from me but I'm finally
here and this is no palace although you
could be excused for mistaking it for
that this is a graveyard one of the
biggest in the world and it's called
Mackley necropolis it's home to almost a
million graves can you believe that and
it spans like three four hundred years
this is just an amazing place to be and
[Music]
if you look at these beautiful graves
you'll notice that it's not just the
shrines from the outside that are
decorated but these each individual
grave here I mean look at this beautiful
calligraphy then you've got patterns
here individual decorations and symbols
this is just unbelievably beautiful and
ornate
I'm just wondering how long does it take
to create a single grave like this
probably like a decade
[Music]
I was stunned by everything I saw it
Marklin Acropolis but we had to keep on
moving north towards radical food
[Music]
the Sun has just risen here above the
fort we arrived just in time
and it's so cold I'm shivering but I
want to see how this place looks from
the top
guys I want to show you something come
have a look
the fascinating thing about Rana khat
fort is that nobody really knows its
history or origins and yet one of the
world's largest sports towers here above
the landscape of Sindh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and this is the kind of view that
justifies getting up at 4:00 a.m. only
to get here at sunrise when the first
rays of daylight begin to hit this
beautiful structure and lended that
incredible celestial light this is the
true beauty of the union between a
man-made construction and nature and
there's nobody else here just me and my
camera
and my crew somewhere in the distance
I've run away from them
[Music]
all road trips have one thing in common
you just have to keep on moving from one
destination to the next all right let's
keep going but one thing that remained
constant was jazz super Fuji which
enabled me to upload and share my entire
journey with my social media audience
[Music]
it's so hard for me to process that we
are actually here in the shrine of LA's
Shabazz calendar here in Simon Sharif no
apparently this place is visited by
about a million people every year and
now I am one of those people the shrine
of las llaves calendar was built in the
14th century but still today it
continues to be one of the most
important sufi shrines in the world
semana de nada pahala calendar
namitha mustika I could hardly believe
it when I was invited to see the tomb of
the saint himself and offer my blessings
I feel so lucky right now at the heart
of the shrine that I see all these
people around me everybody's so touched
and I myself I'm so touched that I can
be here right now this is this is a
faith that's so special to so many
people peter theta2 lailala julie lolli
julie butcher da Rosa Peter Tina hey
together e Oh baloney
helluva gay da dee da ba da janela
synteny de semana de alcal√° de paula
calendar damadam mast Kalandar alicia
boss calendar
Hasani Lal calendar Ali dum-dum Bay and
the hala marry you
anyone who's been to save a Sharif will
tell you this place has a magnetic pool
a spirituality and a significance of its
own it was hard to leave it behind
as we continued our journey we found a
very different kind of oasis
[Music]
you
[Music]
you are never going to guess where I
have just found myself this was not
actually a destination that we were even
meant to include in this vlog yet Here I
am and I am in probably one of the most
incredible places I've ever seen in my
life it's right here and sinned and it's
called muncho lake this lake one of the
largest in Asia is home to the Mohana
tribe a community of fishermen who have
always lived on the water I really meant
what I said a whole family of five live
here right on this boat 24/7 I'm holding
a baby that lives on the boat in the
boat in the middle of the lake
[Music]
[Music]
they don't come online they don't have a
house on land that leases their house
this is where they sleep this space that
is where they eat is a little stove
there that's their kitchen and the small
roof over their heads and this is where
they live and work and spend their time
as a family in the middle of an infinite
lake
[Music]
I am just so amazed at where this road
trip has taken me and I am just I don't
know what I'll find an expert Cindy you
are unbelievable since you are beautiful
since you are so rich in people and
history and culture this is looking like
one of my best strips ever I'm so happy
I'm here and on to our next destination
[Music]
and finally finally we have arrived in
sucker sucker is the last point of our
journey in the starting point for us to
see something really really very special
that not many people outside of this
region know about let me show you
[Music]
our trip to soccer and the lorry started
with the 13 Doris tan also known as the
Seven Sisters graveyard legend has it
that the Seven Sisters who are buried
here died protecting their honor and
their modesty from prying eyes
[Applause]
we're finally here we finally arrived in
our final destination on this incredible
and very eventful road trip up Stan
so we now just have one more tiny jump
across the river Indus in that boat and
we'll make it to start Bella Island
right here and sucker
sadly say in Cindy Sam hello the Hindu
temple right here on this island was
built in the early 19th century and
still today it is considered to be one
of the most important Hindu sites in the
world every year it continues to attract
pilgrims from as far as India and Nepal
so I see already there's a lot of Hindu
heritage him to pin to history who knows
beautiful temple gate decorations that
actually remind you of of things that
you find in India go and check it out
[Music]
throughout my entire journey and since
but most specifically right here on
sattva island i noticed so many signs of
since famous interfaith harmony right
here in this temple the presentations of
guru nanak of hindu deities and even of
jewel allah who is considered to be one
of the most prominent Sufi mystics all
of them existing side by side
[Music]
that's IND diverse spiritual
in places magical and filled with so
many stories stories that not many of us
know out here in this world but that's
that send understated but majestic in
that beautiful mysterious elegance I
think this is a place that needs a lot
more than just a few days for you to
truly understand truly comprehend and to
truly get under the skin of everything
that is part of sindh so here's to many
more returns
[Music]
and so I wrap up episode 8 of Ava
travels Pakistan with jazz following an
incredible journey in Balochistan and
said
[Music]
and let's see maybe this isn't a goodbye
just yet
[Music]
