had tail legs everything this vlog looks
like it's about eating bugs but it's
actually about so much more than that
keep watching to find out on AB and
bienvenido and Mexico over the last week
I've been traveling all around Mexico
City and the theme of my journey has
really been to make myself experience
new things and try stuff that does make
me feel a little bit uncomfortable for
example getting really close up and
personal with a volcano that's erupting
as we speak it's been about dancing out
in the streets this journey has
definitely been a lot about exploring my
own areas of discomfort and fighting
right through them speaking of comfort
zones there's one more thing that I
really want us to try and this is so far
beyond my comfort zone that I'm actually
too sure if I can do it but as they say
in Poland where I'm from the world
belongs to the brave so let's give it a
shot shell we I've come to a restaurant
in Mexico City that specializes in
pre-hispanic cuisine this means they
serve up food that was around long
before the Spanish came to the region
among other things on their menu you
will find bugs and worms which used to
be a staple in the diet of the Mayans
and the Aztecs today continued by modern
day chefs like Esperanza here
and without her taking care these are
traditional prehispanic me I guess
that's what we would call them and
they're all made out of corn that is the
most one of the most basic ancient
ingredients that's always been used
throughout but these ones are filled
with bugs obviously so they're a special
twist this is a traditional pre-hispanic
pizza also known as the cloud and these
Partin right here something they're
gonna put on top of it this is our bug
selection so we've got all kinds of
worms which honestly to my eyes as
someone who was born and raised in
Europe this la would like the most
appetizing thing in the world but this
food has been around in this region for
thousands thousands of years what are
the names of these coco patches come on
Eskimos these are these are like the and
Chuck will be net grasshoppers
with some sort of warm it's exciting and
scary I have no idea what to expect
let's do it so how do you make a
prehispanic insect Pizza add sauce
sprinkle generously with cheese and
herbs fry all the other ingredients on a
budget up hot grill then add the
toppings hmm just like they make it and
roll
[Music]
and worm-eaten not something I've ever
seen before never tried it never tasted
a much how the Italians would feel but
the cooking is far from over
this restaurant has plenty of recipes
for interesting insect-based concoctions
I wanted to ask Jose the head chef why
he's promoting this kind of cuisine lo
que intentan hacer es que tal a la
cultura mexicana este listed on mekin
tasting sectors and Maccoby in the Torah
he knows ancestors Maya's to the most
aproximadamente says OSHA proposal big
toes having seen how all that food made
actually made me quite hungry and I'm
really really keen to try it although I
think it's time to get down to business
and I think this is the big boy that I'm
gonna go for first so this is a proper
look at that it is semi-transparent but
bits of bread but you can see through
the skins it's really spinning in my
fingers it feels kind of crispy which I
did not expect to see because looking at
it from this perspective you think it's
really like soft and slimy but
I can see how that's okay it's just like
a very thin membrane that deep-fried
that's how it tastes it doesn't have a
very distinctive flavor it's just
something crispy next I think I'm gonna
go with the grasshoppers because that is
territory I know I have tried to have
grass hoppers before I've eaten them
before see that armor so it's fried
whole head tail legs everything okay
sour there's there's a lot of salt in
there but it just tastes like then maybe
crisps
something very very deep fried just have
one more I've had it pretty easy so far
it's time to take things to the next
level say hello I think we're gonna go
with the big badass we're the best oh my
god thing you see that just compare it
to my fingernail twice the size of my
fingernail easily and it's got
everything on there it's got the mouth
the head legs and big scary armor with
black and red and yellow patches it's
basically telling us do not Crouch me do
not eat me
I can see why not as crispy as the ones
before this actually tastes like oh
you'd expect a worm to taste like it
kind of explodes in your mouth with some
juicy goop aftertaste I'm pretty
impressed with this dish just one more
thing
interesting mash in the middle these are
ants eggs or the famous Mexican caviar
probably the one that I'm the most
apprehensive about you can probably see
welcome let's do it
yep
yeah it's kind of like a parent version
of scrambled eggs with Chile maybe a bit
of captions I'm not too sure and
obviously more bug sprinkled in the
middle it's edible wouldn't have an
everyday amy was a year and to top it
all off and here ladies and gentlemen we
have to dessert you've always dreamt of
this is all made out of chocolate and
ground-up Bon Appetit this just keeps on
surprising me tiene mucho que todo para
ver lo que uno algunas cosas Sergey in
sectors son mass the consumer is mass
protest para toda la gente actually
being the all this stuff looks like a
total no-go zone like it should not be
eaten but honestly this whole menu has
been designed with special ingredients
in mind there's a lot of history behind
it and it honestly tastes really quite
good wouldn't expected huh
this meal wasn't just about eating
insects thanks to her sayin Esperanza I
realize just how much of a story cuisine
this is how all the ingredients work
together to create a super tasty dish
and that in fact eating bugs is just
like eating any other protein honestly
this for me is will travel is all about
it's about experiencing things that just
completely crush your preconceived
notions about breaking through your own
personal boundaries and breaking your
own boundaries simply means putting
yourself out there discouraged and a big
Hawk experiencing things you never
thought you were capable off and whether
it's for you that means eating a big
plate of bugs or jumping from a big boat
it's the process account the process of
leaving your comfort zone behind and
seeing the world in a new light
