it's used like this that's the reason
why I love camping I'm in Oman
a country better known for its deserts
than its epic mountains and outdoors for
a month I traveled the whole country by
land some parts of it alone and some
parts with friends you can wild camp
anywhere in Oman which made this trip
really special this vlog is the very
brief story of one of my favorite
camping spots where I spent a couple of
nights alone before a major trip the
last two hours have been pretty dusty
because I've been off-roading up the
side of the mountain in this 4x4 looking
for a campsite I'm in Oman in an area
called jebel shams in fact I am just
looking you guys are looking at the
tallest mountain in the Gulf which I'll
be climbing solo tomorrow but in order
to do that I need to find myself a good
campsite a wild campsite but this one is
a little bit different because this one
sits on a pretty massive and pretty damn
frightening mountain ridge
[Music]
who I mean just looking at these
vertical walls gives me goosebumps and
I'm in to be sleeping here
I imagine the winds at night imagine the
winds at night oh well how is this right
campsite looks like there's enough space
for a Tenten just enough space not to
fall into that giant valley that is
entirely vertical as they say there is
no fun yeah
all right here is tent here is sleeping
mat sleeping bags in there food all over
the place let's get this party started
ten first alright the tent is ready now
I just need to pin it down with some
rocks because pegs I'm not gonna do much
here on this terrain it's all Mountain
oh very very tough rocks rocks stones
here yeah we should be good to go I'm
just gonna throw this big five litre
bottle of water inside the pen oh it
definitely doesn't fly away plates in
please [ __ ] prepare dinner for
tonight and also food for tomorrow
because tomorrow is the big Trek and
there's nothing on the way of course the
mountain it's pretty wild so I need to
make sure that I make myself a good
lunch breakfast lunch and possibly
dinner and it all needs to be a very
nutritious and needs to give you tons of
energy because it's gonna be ten to
twelve hours of hiking I think I'm ready
to block the car for the night my keys
no no don't tell me I lost them all
right bye car let's go to the campsite
for the night whoo I'm gonna show you
how I prepare everything wild camping
style campsite productivity tools
there's a lot first of all while your
water whatever it is that you're making
for dinner is cooking set up your
sleeping pad
this is so important you need to be
comfortable sleeping in a tent because
the whole beauty of sleeping in the tent
is that you're at one with nature but
now that you have like rocks digging
into your back the entire night that is
not fun so sleeping mat here sleeping
bag somewhere and I don't sleep with a
pillow so don't need that let's get
started
this could take a while
don't forget to do a wake up view check
what a beautiful view yeah yeah this is
the right
wake up you you need so this is gas
usually butane or something like that
hello camp stove just like a tiny little
thing that you put on top of this using
in this case an adapter screw that in
and right here now like this thing up
and you go to fire tonight I'm making a
simple pasta with some tomato sauce on
the side
pasta is probably one of the easiest
things you can cook for a track
especially just
put it in a plastic bag for your hike
and scoop it out whenever you're there I
got pretty dark pretty quickly in here
and I still have the rest of the dinner
to go this is what I'm gonna be using
tomorrow during my Trek and also for
breakfast okay it did take 25 minutes
for the eggs to cook but I think they're
done disclaimer I cannot promise that
this will be in any way shape or form
good or delicious or tasty I think I'm
just aiming for edible right now but
honestly I think the ritual of cooking
something fresh for yourself over a camp
stove is extra rewarding my favorite
recipe is super simple just chop up some
vegetables mix them together in a pan
and add tomato sauce plus some spices
after a little while of Camp kitchen
work I finally managed to create a dish
voila
[Music]
there's something really quite special
about cooking your own meal out in
nature out in the wilderness you might
end up cooking on a piece of rock with
really basic really basic utensils
finally after a long while your dish is
ready taste test
this is my impromptu Omani
Italian courgette onion garlic tomato
and tons of spices over cooked pasta you
know what just the fact that it's hot
makes it absolutely delicious but maybe
I'm just a really amazing chef new
talent maybe I should start food
blogging mmm oh my god so good okay I
think it tastes great because you've
worked for it so when it's finally time
to go to bed make sure that you've
brushed your teeth and that you've gone
to the bathroom I'm not gonna tell you
how to do that you know how to do that
you know what it's like out in nature in
the wild
pretty simple make sure that everything
outside of your tent is well organized
so that any rubbish bags are tied up
that all of your food is but safely away
because the last thing you want trust me
on this one is some stray animals waking
you up at night by making a hell of a
lot of noise because they want to get in
your food or your stuff blowing away
there's really nothing to be afraid of
nature is a beautiful thing
so I recommend you take one last peek at
the night sky breathe in the fresh air
that's blowing into your tent right now
and
enjoy your night at one with nature and
I will see you in the morning good night
[Music]
good morning good morning wow that was a
great night of sleep super solid eight
or nine hours the view behind me is of
Jebel shams the tallest mountain in ago
which coincidentally I'm about to climb
solo today if you want to follow that
adventure make sure that you subscribe
to my channel so that you can see the
next episode coming out in just a few
days that you can see for yourself
whether I succeeded or not
let's see I still don't know because I
still haven't done it thank you guys so
much for watching my vlog I hope this
inspired you to go camping somewhere
near your home or near a farm and yeah I
hope to see you in the next look
