hey guys how's it going today I'm
embarking on a completely new kind of
adventure and I'm really really really
excited about it it's gonna be a
completely new kind of destination and a
new type of gear are you ready
so here's my first piece of advice one
travel vlogging first of all pick your
destination sounds simple enough right
[Music]
that's right the camera filming me is
also a Samsung S 10 plus I am passionate
about democratizing travel and travel
content and I know that you can produce
an incredible film using a smartphone
next up try and describe your
destination capture it and introduce it
somehow this for example is Skardu and
gilgit-baltistan what I should be
checking out here in
so I have an idea who better to ask
about the top spots to visit than a
local photographer that's good there I
want to try out one feature of the
samsung s 10 plus big speed vision which
is a live translator I'll see if it
works if I can translate my questions in
English and into just write down
whatever it is you want translate it
open up Bigsby vision and there we go
you can take a screenshot of the
translation and show it to the person
that you're trying to talk to jiggle
menchaca self ranga shangri-la
caricature ah equipped with this local
knowledge you can get going and here is
my next tip feel the beauty around you
notice it acknowledge it and be thankful
for it because if you don't notice it
how can you possibly communicate it to
the people watching your vlog so see it
no matter how small or how grand it may
be because see in order to capture
something well you have to be able to
see it from various perspectives the
grandness as well as the detail the
potential for slow motions as well as
the time lapses and on to the next step
because it's not all about the external
appearances the thing about travel vlogs
is that they're not always really just
about the destination they're also about
how this place makes you feel what it
does to your heart and your mind and
your soul and if you don't kind of place
like this you just have to find a way to
express that feeling and for me this is
just the ultimate feeling of joy and
pure beauty that most of the world
doesn't know about so I'm here and
that's what makes me really really happy
about traveling please don't ever forget
this the most important thing about
travel vlogging is that you enjoy your
journey like going on suspension bridges
all kinds of
ventures like this this is what makes
travel vlogging
the best job in the world well there is
one other thing if you want to make a
truly epic and truly well-rounded and
representative vlog about travel you
kind of have to include local food as
well because local food is such an
important part of the culture of the
people here this for example is freshly
caught and freshly fried throughout it
still got the head and the fins and the
skin and the scales all over it this is
probably some of the freshest fish you
are likely to have in your life this is
actually personally one of my favorite
parts of travel vlogging the food of
course not every single local you eat
has to become a food item anyway here's
another half to get as many traveling
shots as you possibly can the road is
long and winding and endlessly
fascinating on to the next tip and right
here at a perpetual egg this is where
I'm going to show you another tip to
making a fantastic epic travel vlog and
that is angles and how to position your
camera just right so you get that really
beautiful cinematic look let me show you
so try out angles where the camera is
static but you are moving or where you
are static but the camera is moving play
around with perspective find objects
that can complement your shots and try
different kinds of shots don't forget to
think about your angles they're really
important if you can use a wide lens
like this one it makes for a much more
interesting perspective you get a lot
more of the entire picture in and of
course don't hesitate to move your body
around with the camera pointing it
upwards or downwards or to the left or
to the right
experiment with angle so you get that
perfect final shot one more thing about
angles if you happen to have props of
any kind such as a car you can often
just
climb on top and get that beautiful car
shot which everybody wants on their
Instagram and while we're on the subject
of Instagram let's talk about selfies
remember that when your travel vlogging
even if you're completely on your own
you can still make amazing content of
yourself like advanced selfies as I like
to call them or just footage of yourself
talking all you need is a tripod with an
extension for a smartphone and you can
put your phone right here in this very
spot
put it on selfie mode set up the timer
which on the Samsung device you can do
four five ten and two seconds and voila
the next step is pretty simple
just pose sometimes you'll have to do it
twice or even three times and that's it
that's the perfect shot done on to the
next one see for me it's all about the
Edit and a travel vlog isn't just a
random sequence of events it's not just
a lineal journey in fact for me a travel
vlog is a little bit like a fort
you build it bit by bit
you build it rock by rock what exactly
are you trying to communicate to your
audience the narration that ties
everything together that brings the
entire structure into one cohesive whole
this for me is how the best travel vlogs
are made and this is ultimately what
beautiful content meaningful content is
all about and guys here is one last
important tip from me do what you
thought you couldn't don't make excuses
these days you can create amazing
compelling content using the smallest of
resources even a smartphone this entire
vlog was filmed using the s10 plus can
you believe it reach the top of your
potential with just your own creativity
come on you can do it wasn't this an
epic travel vlog
[Music]
and that is the ultimate proof that you
can create amazing content using your
smartphone the galaxy s 10 plus is an
incredible device in the only smartphone
that can record an HDR 10 plus it also
has a super steady video camera for
extra steady video shots and it shoots
at 60 frames per second in 4k so grab
your smartphone and a bunch of friends
and travel to a place that inspires you
and tell your story
[Music]
