welcome to Heba sands in Oman
this vast desert landscape stretches for
hundreds of miles in every direction and
for the next few days I'll be calling
this place home
[Music]
hey guys right now I'm on my way to a
Bedouin camp somewhere in the middle of
the desert right there this by the way
is site and Sayid is taking me there I
have never been to a desert like this
before this is absolutely giant I am so
excited about this trip getting there
wasn't easy even on the best equipped
4x4 driving across endless sand like
this is a challenge that few Outsiders
would attempt after an hour we finally
arrived at my final destination this is
a camp belonging to a real Bedouin
family no tourists no comforts no
electricity for the next three days I'll
be staying right here with them I want
to learn about their family life and how
they survive in this harshest of
environments because after all this may
seem like the middle of nowhere but for
the people who live here it is the
center of their world
well now this is the center of my world
too
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
let me show you guys around this
home.this this compound because a lot of
Bedouin families not just in Oman but
around the world live in very similar
setups so right here this is the central
part of the home the coach yard where a
lot happens this is where people pass
through this is where people actually
sleep at night as well and it's just a
general socializing space now there is a
real socializing space a room for the
guests which is right here this is the
one this is where when when guests come
this is where they usually gather there
is also a TV right over there yes
because there is a satellite dish and a
solar panel in this compound that
connects these guys this family to
electricity and to side world right here
if you pass through this is the ladies
section when male guests come and visit
and they sit in the guest house in the
guest room that I just showed you this
is where the ladies of the house usually
end up hanging out now in local culture
it's sometimes seen as inappropriate for
young women to hang out in the same
space as well older men or men in
general and this is why this space has
been designated for everybody's comfort
and right here behind this little door
we've got the storeroom and the
storeroom here contains a lot of the the
food the grains as well as the drinks
that these guys store here and this is
the fridge yes it contains cool drinks
next up the kitchen which is just across
the courtyard it's right here
this is the kitchen and this is where
all the magic happens
pretty simple space pots and pans there
is a sink right here there is a stove
over there there is a baby on the
container and this is where they cook
and we cook basically on the floor this
is where we cut up all the ingredients
this is where everything is prepared
yeah I guess that is the tour of the
house it's simple it's functional
it's their home and these blankets
everybody gets one to sleep on and
normally they sleep under the stars in
the courtyard together the family
actually encouraged me to bring my own
tent so I can put all of my stuff and
all my luggage in it so it is right here
in the middle of the courtyard new
little addition to the household little
hiatus seems pretty excited about it for
me the best part of any morning is
breakfast and breakfast here pretty much
out in the fresh air is an amazing so
here is what we've got for breakfast
today we've got this wafer-thin
bread right here we've got eggs right
here we've got beans and my favorite
part dates thank you to my little helper
little did I know what rituals awaited
me after breakfast it was time for the
daily beauty ritual the skincare
products and perfumes that the ladies of
the house use are all organic and
natural many of them made right here at
home this family may live in an
environment that most of us couldn't
imagine surviving in but no matter our
differences all people all around the
world have Beauty rituals of their own
the Omani desert is no different just to
make sure that I know this was only the
first step of my little makeover I
followed in Hayat his footsteps and
applied some of this protective paste on
my face but that was not the end the
girls started applying coal basically I
liner to themselves and their little
girls as well nobody was spared okay
it's my turn
but the good
[Music]
that did not feel good
[Music]
[Music]
but after getting my makeup done I'm
just sitting here reading my book and hi
a teen example
she's also reading a book honestly I'm
not too convinced whether she actually
understands what she's reading because
this seems to be a computer book and
it's in English and she's holding it the
wrong way up but um it's nice to be a
sort of example everyone wanted to give
reading a try and when I say everyone I
mean even the littlest one around but
our reading session didn't last very
long because it was time to get started
with the daily work around the camp and
the animals and we're off to feed the
camels but we have to first get there in
the truck then I'm that's what we're
gonna be doing now we packed ourselves
and the hay onto the back and soon no
was behind the wheel driving us through
the sand stools the camel enclosure a
good few miles across the desert
[Music]
the camel seemed pretty pleased with the
extra grain that they were getting as
you may have noticed by now women do a
huge chunk of the work on this farm
right here after the camels it was time
to tend to the goats with over 50 goals
in their camp there is plenty to do the
morning feeding scene looked like
complete chaos to me at first I have to
admit guys the feeding of the goats is a
pretty intricate elaborate affair it's
not that you just throw food at them no
no there is a whole system first the
little baby goats are fed with their
moms and the women help them out sort of
make sure that every single baby gets
fed there's a permeate goat trying to
eat away at my scarf and then each of
the other type of goats is fed in turn
in its own little segment so that
everybody gets a chance to eat properly
right on this little one is the main
helper and the whole thing right at the
very end the girls sat down to milk the
goats and this is my new favorite friend
soon it was time for the very last task
of the morning fetching the water that's
something you may have been wondering
about how does this family get its water
to the well which gets water from the
under ground this the magical happens
inside the well and somehow the water is
then transferred into the big pipe that
goes into the plastic container on top
of the pickup truck and we then take
that water back to camp staff now water
is extracted and drawn right here in the
desert in Oman with all the chores done
we headed back home
as the sunset over well Hiba sans we all
huddled together around a fire
dinner turned out to be pretty
unexpected this is desert bread it's
baked directly on top of glowing holes
and then even more coals are added on
top to ensure and even through and
through baking process eventually the
bread is buried under a layer of sand
and then taken out again after a while
bits of ash are scraped away of course
so right here we're using bread that was
just made in a pile of sand plus some
food left over from yesterday nothing at
all is wasted here and of course the way
that we eat here is with our hands so
you just squeeze this ball of bread and
your fingertips so it forms a little
waffle pop it in your mouth that's it
hmm
over the three days that I spent with
this beautiful group of women and their
family I tried to help out as much as I
could and spent a lot of time with the
little girls from this perspective you
know the desert looks like it's
completely barren inhospitable vast
endless and unlivable but there are
people who live here people who live
here and who thrive here people who call
this place their home and whose lives
are well I guess extraordinarily
ordinary
[Music]
what a place and what people I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog and if you did it
would mean the world to me if you
subscribed to my youtube channel and
check out my Instagram thank you so much
and I'll see you in the next vlog
