hey guys and welcome to Erbil in Iraqi
Kurdistan I'm here actually for the
second time but I'm here this time for a
very very specific reason because
tomorrow I'll be running my first ever
marathon yes 42 kilometers right here in
Iraq I am so excited but first let me
first explain a bit about the marathon
i'm running it here in iraq but it
actually originated in ancient greece in
the city of marathon it's a 42 kilometer
60 mile run and an Olympic discipline
I'm a keen runner but this is the first
time I'll be running such a long
distance okay now let me tell you just a
little bit more about the location I'm
currently in this is Iraqi Kurdistan
it's an autonomous region in the north
of Iraq it has its own government and it
has its own capital which was revealed
with the T I'm in right now
it's really friendly out here I guess a
lot of people don't really expect our
bill in Iraqi Kurdistan to look quite
like this but so it is it's actually a
really really friendly city and really
safe to visit because it has been
sheltered from a lot of the tension in
the region as a whole especially over
the last few years
actually my schedule anyway you can
follow along all my Iraqi Kurdistan
adventures in the coming days on my
youtube channel if you get surprised but
first I need to go and pick up my
marathon t-shirt and number bye ok I've
arrived at the park where I'm in to be
getting my stuff and I already see some
runners coming out of the park right now
so there must be the right spot
[Music]
here's my ticket to enter its official
riding this thing tomorrow that's crazy
now that I've got everything this feels
a lot more real than it ever did before
the race starts at 8 a.m. tomorrow and
it is 42 kilometers over 26 miles
there's a lot of distance okay okay this
is the morning of the marathon oh my
gosh it's 6:30 a.m. the marathon isn't
an hour and a half I just need to have a
quick breakfast this is my breakfast see
how nervous I am
this is porridge these are bananas I
believe those are the things that a
runner has before I run but I should
probably start getting ready now
[Music]
this is my running outfit I don't know
if you can see it it's just a blue top
leggings trainers you don't need
anything more to run yeah I better go
finally it was time to stretch and I
have the cutest little helper it's good
to do a few minutes of stretches before
any exercise because it warms up your
joints and muscles I'm normally very
diligent about this but that morning I
found myself a little bit distracted
with other things one last bit attach my
runners number and go over there is the
starting line yes before pulling
Argentina Germany USA so many more
places number three six four you should
be like honestly people ask me are you
going to finish in four hours and three
hours and I'm like no because what
really matters the most is that you just
run it is that you get to that point
where you want it to be like you finish
it and you do justice to all your
training it doesn't matter about the
time and they're from an organization
called free to run which sports girls
running on their son in Iraq and
for a second show you okay okay
apparently like I'm being told to stay
here and actually start oh my gosh first
marathon just begun I need to set my
time me
[Music]
[Music]
almost 10k I'm just put nine feeling
good how are you got some really nice
views beautiful my guys right there
cause the guys
okay pop 23k I think this is definitely
the furthest I have ever run in my life
I can feel my body starting to ache a
little bit another 19 used to here got
my little kit this is a soft bottle of
water which is really comfortable the
drink from and this is food some sort of
carbo snack an energy gel that you
basically drink to keep your energy
[Music]
nice
- you're seven ready stefank
walk further
hotter and hotter
water along the way it's always hard to
stay alive this heat
[Music]
if i have one criticism is that always
just cause my family because i'm taking
up one leg but it's just like let cars
on the road and it's not even been like
one half hours and i've definitely just
almost got run over I felt the wind of
the car just on my neck
100 meters he had a really nice-looking
cold chill drink in his hand exactly
what I'm gonna do when I get there
[Music]
I
[Music]
my first medal ever oh my god this was
tough maybe not as tough as I thought it
would be because I thought I would
literally know this kind of thing if you
trained for it
two three months it takes you can't do
it I would say no way there's absolutely
no way I could well you know what ah I'm
just so happy I'm done look at this this
is proof we can do this it's proof that
[Music]
is pain that is real pain in my legs
right now oh these things did a great
job today but I don't think I'm getting
up again ever
okay I'm done crazy pain I feel like
it's hips his legs
but the heart doesn't hurt the heart is
very much full the heart feels great and
the head feels amazing too
I guess that's why we do these things to
ourselves it's been great fun and I'm so
proud to have been able to run it right
here in Iraqi Kurdistan I know it's not
the most common location to run a
marathon but you can do it in all sorts
of amazing places and I'm just so happy
that I got to do it here and I got to
see the amazing people who were running
alongside me and in short runs and long
runs and all the people who were
cheering all along the streets of Erbil
thank you so much thank you
bus are they sang Kurdish thanks guys
and I'll see you in the next vlog
