the location somewhere in Oman and this
vlog is the story of one of the most
life-changing experiences I've ever had
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
guys imagine your best morning ever the
best morning in your life how would that
look because well probably start with
waking up in a tent on a beautiful beach
setting up camp having a beautiful
breakfast with a view of these amazing
mountains but there's a lot more because
you just woke up in that tent with that
breakfast with these views and with
dolphins dolphins in those waters and
just about to go and swim I've never
swam with dolphins before I've only seen
them once in my life and they're just
these like magic creatures so exciting I
can't be this is happening blows my mind
anyway I'm not gonna waste any more time
let's go in and swim with these
beautiful creatures huh
[Music]
oh my god my life
okay let's look for them there's
somewhere in these waters
[Music]
[Music]
I'm pretty sure I heard one brief just
behind me and like Pat me on my back
something like like this really good job
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
me
[Music]
I thought that maybe we would chase
dolphins around the cove they'd run away
but the second they saw us there's maybe
eight they started spinning and swirling
never came it was incredible I've never
seen anything like that before our
seeing dolphins everything dolphins so
many come up and be so genuinely
interested and people like us walking
around with no fins and masks genuinely
one of the most beautiful experiences
I've had in my life just so pure and
natural and I there's there's no mega
Beauty than the beauty of innocent
nature breakfast has never tasted so
good I move on one of the best morning's
on my life easily you make
who looks rugged but we're so happy look
the point of this vlog was not just to
show an experience of swimming with
dolphins because I realized that not
everybody will do that in their
lifetimes the real point of this vlog
was to show you that some of the most
incredible life-changing experiences can
be free sometimes they're the ones that
catch you completely by surprise
and sometimes they are the ones where
you get to speak to nature one-on-one
where you realize that you and the world
around you are ultimately one
hey guys Ava here thank you so much for
watching my vlog I hope you enjoyed it
as much as I enjoyed making it it was
truly like a mind-bending
epic experience and I hope that
everybody gets to experience something
of those proportions at least once in
their lives anyway if you want to see
more crazy adventures from all around
the world especially from places that
tourists don't normally travel to make
sure that you subscribe to my youtube
channel my facebook page or better yet
for daily updates make sure that you go
to my Instagram and follow along there
I've got some really really incredible
adventures planned for 2020 so I can't
wait to see you there thanks again and I
hope to see you in the next vlog bye
