hey guys this is ava and today i am in
sulaymana also known as su lee this is
the capital of culture in all of
Kurdistan and she also known as she's
the bride of the cities of all of Iraq
there's a lot of Coachella yeah I'm only
here for like 1 days I can show you a
little bit honestly but I hope to give
you a good flavor of what Kurdistan's
I guess snack in city is like let's go
locals here refer to their hometown as
su Lee but that's the short affectionate
version the city's full name is
Suleymaniye it's one of those vibrant
cities where the streets are always
clogged up with people buying selling
and hustling from tea houses always
ready to serve up the mean chai -
barbershops waiting for customers this
city is as middle-eastern as it gets so
imagine this gentleman just walked up to
me out of nowhere and gave me some
that was just the beginning of all that
famous Kurdish hospitality suley is a
nice city with a very cool atmosphere
but what makes it special in my eyes is
how welcome we feel here as a traveler
people seem genuinely happy to welcome
foreigners into their hometown anywhere
you go Sully is an interesting town on
the one hand a modern city with a young
population and on the other steeped in
literary history tradition and winding
Suk's
this Bazaar is absolutely massive
it sort of wines all along the streets
of Sulaymaniyah under roofs in the open
air changing from fruits vegetables to
nuts to meat to clothes to pack
accessories you can find everything for
my local friends though the most
important thing about Sully is that it's
the culture and literature capital of
Iraqi Kurdistan tell you a funny little
story so before coming to studio my
friends were like you have to come check
out the city it's all about culture and
literature and music and the arts and
its famous words poets and writers and
then I came and literally on the day
that I arrived we learned that UNESCO
had just designated Tsui as a creative
cities one of its network of creative
cities with a special focus on
literature
no wonder you can feel there's like a
sense of something creative something
artistic and artsy going on here for
sure that statue just behind me I was
built quite recently here in Surrey and
apparently it's dedicated to the women
of Kurdistan thanking them for their
strength and determination over the last
three years of crisis and tension here
in the region but there's another side
to SUNY that's not really known to
visitors my local friends wanted to show
me something that happens kind of behind
the scenes this is not your typical
bazaar and this road sign is also a sign
of things to come
there's a really cool place here
instantly that I was told about by the
locals and this is a place I had not
expected to find in Iraqi Kurdistan for
sure
see this is a street food market for
Indian and Nepali food there are a lot
of Nepali and Indian and Filipino
workers here and every Friday they get
off and this is when they can come here
to this street and have some of their
own local food from back home this place
is so cool let me show you your own
there are tens of thousands of foreign
workers in Iraqi Kurdistan many of them
working on construction sites and in
local houses it's never an easy life to
be so far away in a foreign country away
from your family so this market feels
like it provides a slice of home to an
entire community here chefs at makeshift
stalls prepare all sorts of
deliciousness from Filipino to
Indonesian to Indian snacks so here we
have Momo's and Momo's basically are
dumping that exists in a lot of coaches
but these are probably from Nepal from
Nepal
all right great thank you oh just look
at that plump juicy bite of heaven let's
give this a shot
super-good Wow just like the real thing
it is the real thing
amazing you might think that all these
flavors only attract the expat
population well you'd be wrong to think
so care - locals come here to to find
some of the most authentic food from all
around Asia I just love being here to
see a side of Kurdistan that's rarely
talked about and to see how these people
connect back to their roots and share
those roots with the locals through the
universal language of food and as the
Sun began to set over the city it was
time to move on to the night market
which only ever opens after dark I can't
promise that I won't show you more food
obviously one of the top things that you
should do in any city at night is go and
have some Street food and it's no
different here in suna because here they
actually have a street food street kind
of place as well which i am really lucky
so showing you around because this place
contains some yummy middle-eastern
delicacies
ah yep that was someone recognizing me
from my vlogs on the streets of Sully I
couldn't believe it anyway back to the
night market and its food when in the
Middle East you do not forget to try all
the food that's just what you do ok this
sounds apparently is called edema and
Kurdish if I'm pronouncing that
correctly looks great so it's basically
chopped up meat there's various
different kinds no vegetarian option
plus a lot of vegetables cabbage
tomatoes on the inside it strikes
wow that is really juicy amazing so much
I'm just clapped with all different
kinds of flavors really nice all right
time for dessert just maybe not the
creepy Nutella let's go for something
local so I'm just about to try is
something special and local at kunafa
okay
great let's go for it let's try one wait
did he say a little or a lot of sugar
I'm leavin gonna ask Wow that is cheesy
oh my gosh so creamy super sweet you can
really taste that crunchiness on the
outside super soft on the inside
Wow delicious this lovely gentleman
showed me all the cakes that he bakes on
the side and last but not least on my
market tour coffee this by the way is
the process of making a Turkish coffee
made in these corner pots and then
slurred around in a plot stand heat it
up because if you don't drink a strong
coffee at night and Kurdistan are you
really in Kurdistan and so my short time
in Zhu Li came to an end and my friends
here threw me just the perfect goodbye
before you sign off just listen to scene
us
rush pay money no the needs be enough he
uneven be done city Bosh uh no no they
money the old elite him nah beyond even
me
Morty
[Music]
