welcome to the beautiful Iraqi Kurdistan
oh this is also Iraqi Kurdistan this
place really gives me the chills the
adventure is on this road trip a home
man and this is father hun father han is
my Iraqi Kurdish friend and he laughs
and sings a lot the truth right now
behind the camera I promise you tons of
laughter fun an adventure all along the
way but let's get started with some
culture in history we sometimes forget
that it's in this very region that
Christianity was born and developed in
its very first stages and right now I am
in Marmot a which is one of the oldest
Christian monasteries to exist in the
entire world was actually built in the
4th century and you know the amazing
thing about this place is that it's
located really close to Mosul Rosel is
just over that mountain and most of us
you may know is the place where a lot of
the fighting against Isis was taking
place just a very very short time ago
and yet marmot a still stands survives
and thrives it felt pretty surreal to
enter this 4th century monastery
especially knowing that probably very
few people in the West even know that it
exists in fact the Middle East has some
of the world's richest and most diverse
religious history it feels really quite
incredible to be in this place that just
so recently was almost under fire and
today
just serve peaceful serene calm among
these beautiful Kurdish mountains you
know as a place like this should be an
oasis of peace and a waste of history
[Music]
it's just beautiful and I'm the only
visitor here it's nobody else Kurdistan
has been pretty successful at pushing
Isis away from its borders which is how
places like this have survived amazing
with my culture fix sorted it was time
to hit the road again go for it
what would you say to someone who has
never been to Kurdistan but who's
watching this vlog right now guys don't
listen or don't watch mass media just
come here it's not just about good
reasons like about everywhere just keep
going like keep discover new places for
yourself exactly to find your inner
inside like sometimes when you travel
you find a lot of abilities that you
didn't think that you have it and you
will not get it back at your comfort
zone you'll find it on the way when you
see difficulties well we hadn't seen it
coming but we were just about to get a
taste of difficulty on our very own road
trip tonight we're being hosted by
someone that we met on Instagram and
we're a new city cannot find them
they're driving around pray for us
box of Romney okay
the washer what's the situation better
you will come because they cannot
navigate we waited patiently I know the
guys SEC just arrived now we are going
to the leg this place and let's see how
he explained it ok seemed like hours
upon hours of driving we are finally
arrived in our hosts home this is it
it's so excited to see what it's like
here you know that cozy feeling of
arriving home after a long journey yeah
that's it after a really long day
apparently I just made my very first
cultural faux pas so I drank my tea and
then I left it like this and better huh
so they say they will bring you another
tea and we were like why means you want
another tea if you don't want another
deep you're done you're meant to put it
like this correct yo yo
all right shenanigans over eyes guys
guys guys guys I just got settled in my
own private room and it's just so so
lovely to you know to be welcomed by
someone into their home as a guest and
showing this amazing hospitality it's
plain and simple but it'll be just
perfect it's been a really long trip 3
long day
ah kiddush hospitality all I need right
now it won't move you this I was just
given a bowl of this beautiful
pomegranate by the mom of the house I'll
see is that the best thing about Kurdish
hospitality that night though was just
getting a warm bed to sleep in
well now I can sleep soundly that's for
sure
good night guys morning time another
beautiful day here in Iraqi Kurdistan
I'm just going downstairs to grab a
breakfast with our host family
[Music]
Wow this Kurdish breakfasts are usually
simple but abundant with something for
everybody
and this one was no different this is it
look at that it's just smothered in this
sesame sauce Wow
soon enough it was time to say goodbye
to our host but not without a goodbye
dance with father Han of course all
right back on the road road tripping
around Kurdistan is a beautiful thing
however because of the previous
conflicts in the region sometimes you
spot signs like this one and these signs
I dare to say don't hike any further
because there are mines ahead
can you imagine mine blood in that
morning we were headed to the abandoned
palace of late dictator of Iraq Saddam
Hussein just arrived at the palace but
there is a blockade here just in front
of the entrance because it looks like
it's a very sensitive place I mean
there's all these telephone poles
satellites up there so one of our group
just went to ask if we can actually pass
and go inside and check it out let's see
oh my gosh I'm so happy I've actually
been allowed to come in here so this is
it
Wow on top of this giant Hill one of
Saddam Hussein's many palaces this
palace built in the late 80s and as you
see there that was the helicopter place
well this is to floor welding
unfortunately but bombarded and now in
Rio just look at that up there that
entire ceiling that entire roof and
Terrace has just been ripped apart
completely heavy shelling all over here
it's just all these massive chunks of
the building are ripped out pretty much
all the concrete is gone crazy can you
imagine that this was once a time
Hussein's favorite palace in the region
look at it now how time changes
everything
wow this place really gives me the
chills I mean physically it literally
because it's really really cold out here
but also just imagine I mean this this
is like an eagle's nest of sorts from
here apparently you can see almost as
far as Erbil the capital of Iraqi it's
just covered this thick cloud mr. Fogg
this huge giant ruin standing on top of
everything
gosh
[Music]
this is Saddam Hussein standing in this
very spot where batter Han is currently
standing Wow look at that what a what a
contrast what a few decades has been
this region has such a long and complex
and in tragic history and places like
this the Saddam Palace I just remind us
of how difficult it's been yet we're
still here
I guess that's called resilience this
spot steered my conversation with
fatherhood in a more serious direction
unfortunately like on the recent years
until now there's the bad image about
refugee and asylum seeking either in
Europe or America let me just clarify
one thing as someone from here from
Middle East
believe me nobody want to leave this
comfort zone nobody when your life
threatened your kids like you cannot
continue with education good work you
are losing your life maybe it's fine for
the adults but they don't want their
children grow up an unstable area and so
next time if you see someone
yeah someone we have to stop next time
fuz someone was dark-skinned
beer or like with middle isn't feature
it'd just be nice to them because we are
facing too many
obstacles and too many
mores quick little break in our road
trip we have found a traditional tea
house we'll go inside and have some tea
Karastan has a tea culture that takes
itself very seriously and this cafe in
Saran also takes Kurdish culture and
history seriously with its quirky
interior decor very quirky in some
instances anyway we watch the 30 was
being made and waited patiently because
we knew that this stuff would shake us
awake and get us ready for the final
stretch of the road trip strong and
sweet very Kurdish we didn't learn
anything this is like unplanned road
trip imagined we just know we are going
to the north and this lack of planning
brought us to one of the prettiest
places in all of Iraqi Kurdistan here a
guard took us on a tour of the local
mountains so we could enjoy a view over
this ethnic spots
[Music]
that village over there is called a MIDI
and it stands atop this massive rock
would just rises out of the earth toward
the sky
the Kurdish call it the pride of
Kurdistan oh wow
thank you so much wow look at that look
at that just got some nuts from this
lovely gentleman you just brought us up
here does Meyers beautiful view of a
MIDI thank you so much well driving is
really crazy here you know actually in
all Middle East it's like showing your
muscle you know when is that sure when
you are controlling the street
in the pot so what about you what's your
style no are you so my style like I'm
very calm as you see they I don't I
never use my phone while I'm driving you
never try to get accident don't do this
at home too
but thanks to these smart phone things
we soon reached halabja guys we finally
arrived in Halabja at the pomegranate
festival it's festival dedicated
strictly to my favorite food this place
looks amazing is just pomegranate of
some pomegranate upon pomegranate juice
and and jam and everything you can
imagine made out of pomegranate it's my
kind of place
this is G of Halabja has a pretty
difficult history which I'll leave for
another time but today it celebrates its
ripe soil and abundant fruits and trust
me there is a lot of that here
Oh lots of pomegranate I mean it a lot
portion of pomegranate guys Wow look at
this
amazing this stuff is so good it's just
so good it's like super ripe delicious
oh my god so fresh best I don't know
leave I'm not eating
and guess what
the more you walk around the more forms
of pomegranate you encounter
it's not even surprising at this point
Cheers
oh wow that is so strong some of the
sweetest Jews I've ever had it's just
freshly squeezed from the granite full
fresh where you from I could have
probably burned myself underneath all
this pomegranate and stayed there
forever and hibernated but the road
doesn't wait for anyone and matter han
has some pretty important things to
share remember remember I'm a duelist
it's the last night of the road trip
how's it been Wow in order to describe
we are in soui we are ending the road
trip on a high note because we are just
about to attend a party in an abandoned
warehouse Factory
get ready guys get ready wear your masks
and let's go for it I have no idea what
to expect
[Music]
[Music]
guys never in a million years would I
have expected to see this kind of party
here in Kurdistan in northern Iraq and
yet this is how I get to end my amazing
roadtrip vlog thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed seeing this
side of Kurdistan and I hope to see you
[Music]
