[Music]
hey guys it may look like I'm just
mucking about in the mud
but really I bring you a vlog that's the
first of its kind the vlog where I
explore everything that makes Pakistanis
proud their traditions their heritage
and their arts right here in the heart
of Sindh
[Music]
[Music]
you'll never believe where I am right
now I mean even for me it's a surprise
to see this place looks pretty
industrial it's a bit rough and dusty
right but this is actually the very spot
where many of Pakistan's favorite and
loveliest accessories are made yeah I am
at a glass bangle factory here in
Hyderabad and I'm gonna show you guys
how glass bangles are made from start to
finish so you go and check it out
it all starts with this heaps of
discarded glass which are recycled in
this very facility and nothing is left
not a single shard is left all that
glass is thrown into giant ovens and
melted piece by piece until it becomes
this stream of molten lava and glass
fiery red and looking pretty dangerous
all of this is then shaped into surface
these these are freshly begged bangle
literally they are straight out of the
oven you know they may not be painted or
colorful just yet
but this is the original thing this this
is how it all begins these baby bangles
are then shaped properly and separated
[Music]
this is not the end of the process
however afterwards they are transported
to a special facility where they will be
decorated and colored in all the vibrant
colors that you see in the final product
[Music]
we finally got here we finally got to
the place where these bangles are all
put together and colored and then
distributed to shops not just here in
Hyderabad but pretty much all over the
country and this is what you find here
[Music]
what if I put them all on
[Music]
I hope this gave you a better idea of
how these amazing glass bangles are made
right here in Hyderabad
but as beautiful as these glass bangles
are that is not the whole picture and
right now I'm gonna take you on a
different kind of arts trip we're gonna
check out the dragon for me for me
is there anything more stingy than the
simply attract with these beautiful
patterns and this beautiful print is
famous pretty much all across the world
and it is from right here in sin I want
to show you today how the a drug is
actually made because the process is
pretty incredible and I opened
and here we are at the Latif adrak
Center and this these are the stamps all
handmade this is where it all begins
these stamps are the things that the
artists use to create intricate patterns
on all the objects that you see in the
markets and yes all of them are made by
hand step by step one step by another
intricate step the entire process takes
about 40 days to complete so much work
goes into the single address
[Music]
all the dyes that are used in this
process are natural and this this may
look like a piece of coal or something
like that but actually this is indigo
stone I mean that's what we've just
called it now it's probably called
something completely different but this
when liquefied is what given the a drugs
some are drugs they're blue color
eventually they are all hand dyed in
different colors with the indigo stone
or with other colors oh and that will
die and then dried out in the Sun until
they become just like this this is the
final product this is what they actually
look like once they're made incredible
vibrant colors I'm not sure which one I
want I want to get all of these actually
the traditional red then there's this
black one with a dancing girl pretty
amazing beautiful now so these are these
are actually made out of cotton so this
is the very traditional a dragon you
know what I think I'm gonna splurge here
to be honest it's all exhibit aful I'm
gonna get some gifts from my family and
so equipped with about ten new a Drax
and a ton of new knowledge about how
they are actually made I was ready to
move on to the next piece of craft here
and send the incredible thing that I
just simply did not expect of sindh is
that right here in this whole area
around bitching around Halle this is
where you find so many of these
traditional crafts and
who in tiny little warehouses make
various traditional things by hand
everything here is made by hand this is
pretty cool the char pie is basically
like a traditional Pakistani casual bed
that you find in all parts of the
country north to south east to us
everywhere and this apparently is where
they're made and here it is probably my
favorite kind of craftsmanship why
because it reminds me of my grandfather
who also was a carpenter and whenever I
looked at his work I felt it was like
magic creating a piece of art something
functional out of nothing carving out a
piece of wood to create a sculpture and
painting it carving it out sculpting it
in all different ways until it becomes
almost unrecognizable like a magic trick
that you'd use on a child where you
don't even know how fast the magic is
happening until it's right there in
front of you something that had never
existed before
[Music]
this is the final product this is what
actually comes out as if a piece of
magic peeled out of nowhere I'm not
really sure how uncle made it happen but
he did and completed you know wow you
made it
yep we open at least he made this uncle
sitting on this beautiful swing that he
made himself
consider I wonder these gonna get one of
these
I'd like one of these as well hope
suited it's the only word I have for it
I had so much respect for these artists
and these craftsmen right here and Sindh
and I was still only halfway through my
journey well needless to say they
inspired me to create some of my own
craft right there with a cup of chai and
enabled by jazz super 4g creating vlogs
for Facebook and YouTube for you all to
see and join in the art of Pakistan our
extravaganza today is not yet over
there's a lot more that I want to show
you and so my next stop is a place that
specializes in making caches for free
but before I tell y'all about kasha
pottery know the theory behind it let me
show you how it's actually made in
practice channel the process of
hippocrates made that's it a brick of
flakes on a rotating view and a human
hand something that does not in any way
with them though what we knew that plate
to be before something that becomes an
only sculpture it happens so quickly we
don't even see it happening yeah that's
why I'm playing it in super speed mode
for you but this is how it happens in
the skilled hands of someone who has
practiced this labor for years
not like me although of course I wanted
to try but this is where it all started
to go wrong my first lesson don't touch
the water and my second lesson pay a bit
more attention to your teacher who
clearly knows what he is doing while you
do not I tried okay and the first
attempt failed that's fine I thought we
can do it again
so I listened
I paid more attention so I tried it and
as I put my hands to the work and try to
create something that had never existed
before I failed again so I thought okay
let's give this one more chance the
third try was I gonna pull it off I
guess something was created once shaped
these pots are all shoved into a big
oven where they're baked after that well
as they are dry they will be painted by
master painters it's not just Bowser's
and plates though there's pretty much
everything from cups to little plays to
lots of tea in Cindy this is called the
Kashi pottery which basically means blue
art and that's actually no coincidence
four and a half thousand years ago in
the Indus Valley Civilisation which used
to rain in these regions that's the
color that people who preferred to use
for their decoration for their own
fashion and their own style and it's
pretty amazing actually to think that
still today in 2019 four and a half
thousand years
this color is being used to decorate
people's homes that's actually kind of
mind-blowing I want to dedicate this
vlog to all the artists whose hard work
blood sweat and tears go into the making
of Pakistan's heritage and Pakistan's
tradition all these people who behind
the scenes work relentlessly to bring us
hold the beauty that we know to exist
shukriya
[Music]
