hey guys over here over the last week
I've been traveling all around Iraqi
Kurdistan and today I have found myself
in the small city of Doha now there's a
very very specific reason why I've come
here but before I share that with you
let me show you around
dholu is a pretty leafy small and quiet
city than those of Iraq about 50k away
from the borders with Syria and Turkey
walking around it's winding alleyways
and markets there's definitely a sense
of life rolling by slowly and calmly and
that sense of peace is something that
Kurds living here I'm very proud of this
may or may not surprise you I'm not sure
but the locals say that Doak is so safe
that all the vendors at the local market
just put a blanket over their stuff at
night there's no need to lock anything
up yeah I definitely get that nice small
city vibe here but the real reason I've
come here to do hock is because of this
place right behind me it may look pretty
ordinary but it's actually incredibly
special this is the martes cafe this is
dedicated to the Peshmerga soldiers the
freedom fighters the Kurdish freedom
fighters who have died fighting Isis the
so-called Islamic state across the
frontlines of Kurdistan so with the last
units
the Peshmerga are the de facto army of
Iraqi Kurdistan a region that has seen a
lot of threat and instability in the
last decade their name literally
translates as those who face death today
in pop culture the Peshmerga actually
really really well known for allowing
their women to fight on the front lines
not something you'd expect to see in the
Middle East perhaps these photos you see
all along the walls these are real
people real soldiers and their things
to honor their memory this cafe shows
the year that they were born in and the
age they were when they died some of
these young men were barely in their
twenties stories of these marches really
abound and everybody has their own story
this man was pointed out to me as
someone really quite special he lost one
of his legs in the iraq-iran war but
more recently he continued to contribute
to the progressivism by demining the
lands even though he happens handicapped
in the previous conflict and all these
stories are so inspiring whatever you
may think of the conflict these are
people defending their lands and their
home that's what it boils down to
[Music]
there's a lot of items that actually
belong to the Bush murga soldiers who
have passed away all around us catholic
styles wanted to have the owner how did
he get all of these items a vehement
non-monetary shade Arizona mr. Donovan
Vimala chaser Sheena de una hora and I
saw Tina coach k locally on my mall and
in invading the all-american college new
kitchen shapes designer would give you
the idea to open the donors and the
important one was that one
my first on you've done it Novacek
himself on a shader Hemi we know to do
various shades of harmony and another
thing that I was wondering about because
of course I am NOT from here I'm not
from one of these families how does this
place make people feel OS d'Avignon even
Sonya Henry go in video much we don't
manage and Danny doors or Capo's not
butchers you pushes you know kujaku
happy the one bit on my own in the
flashes we've got who say and II don't
even know what makes bit careless
whether you're from here or not you can
just come by this cafe grab a seat grab
a coffee some breakfast and sit here and
even talk to some of the people who have
fought on the front lines because the
Peshmerga do is still frequent this very
cafe soldiers come here the families and
friends of those who passed away come
here but in reality for the people of
dough hook this cafe has become a
hangout spot with new people visit here
to grab a quick breakfast of scrambled
eggs and bread with toppings or enjoy a
little coffee on the way to the market
the feeling I had here was one of
contemplation of course but also on a
hope and community the sesame paste
like peanut butter what an interesting
place Karastan is one of the very few
places in the entire region that
actually managed to successfully
defended borders against Isis for many
many years and to me it just seems that
this little cafe here in dough hook is
actually a pretty revolutionary place
and I don't say that lightly I call a
revolutionary because I feel that in a
space like this that honors the people
who defended your borders and clearly
the people here take extreme pride and
in the lives taken and lost to the
conflict this place is what seems to
give people comfort and perhaps even
closure you can come here you can sip
your coffee and you can reflect from the
people that you see all around you that
that I feel is pretty revolutionary
concept thanks guys so much for watching
this vlog and I hope you enjoyed it and
I'll see you in an excellent
