I always think of the mountains as the
mothers of human poetry the place where
dreams and adventures intersect
sometimes those dreams might just become
real very real
[Music]
I'm so so so excited today because today
for the very first time I get to do my
favorite sport in Pakistan so just about
to go ski right here in madam jabber
resorts and so on valine kpk and i am
beyond excited seriously there's nothing
that compares nothing that compares to
the natural beauty and the fresh air of
the mountains imagine this we are in the
depths of kpk in pakistan an area that
just a few years ago was totally our
bounds totally inaccessible and yet here
I am a foreigner getting ready to go
skiing on all of the slopes just up
there ready for a day of adventure okay
let's get going I need to get my skis
and my boots and my helmet and all of
that jazz from the ski shop right at the
top of that hill I was in luck this is
the very first season that malim Jabba
has opened a ski shop in the heart of
its resort here we are in this ski shop
of manageable resorts and this is
probably the most important thing when
you go skiing is to get the right gear
now
nor should I take me these ones don't
think I'm not gonna get skis now just
girl pledging I was pretty stunned to
find that there was so much equipment
here from skis to snowboards and boots
pretty much everything you need as a
skier
here's my purse keys here's my pair of
pulse wishes and I'm ready to go Zack
see I was so ready to go because I had
been to SWAT before in the summer and it
became quickly my very favorite place in
all of Pakistan with dramatic views with
its resilient history and with his
beautiful people coming here in the
heart of winter to try my favorite sport
it was like a dream come true
[Music]
here we go does the best feeling in the
world
when I got on the slopes I simply
couldn't believe that I got to do my
favorite thing
skiing in my favorite place Swatt
carefree and with the same adventurous
spirit following in the footsteps of the
people who are from here and sharing the
adventure with them
isn't that beautiful so guys I don't
know if you have a passion like this but
for me skiing is the one you know for me
it's like going up the cello home any
time in a day just to be able to ski
down as much as possible you know that
sort of repetition but but it's not
really because it gives you the every
time every new trying to go down the
piece or the slope is like a new acronym
in Russia so I could keep doing this
literally for a week non-stop so a sign
here is like the pro skier in Wellum
Java and he's going to take us later of
peace skiing in the woods in the forest
yeah
is it dangerous does the off-piste track
in the woods I don't know good but
before I had a chance to say anything I
already found myself climbing to the top
the thing about free skiing is that it
starts with a challenge you have to
climb up to the top of one of these
hills in order to be able to go down and
as you cross the forest and the
magnificence of the trees around you
that's where you begin to feel a true
sense of real adventure just starting
[Music]
[Music]
guess how deep the snow is
[Music]
this deep give me a bribe
that's a fruit yes you're right there is
a root that's why it's called the
altarpiece which means of slow descent
casually chatting on the phone for the
moment of reckoning and so one of the
greatest skiing adventures of my life
began as I hand it over my camera to
asan and myself trying to focus on not
falling clearly not very successfully
good good good good
the thing about skiing whether it's on
the slopes or off the slopes is that it
gives you this incredible adrenaline
rush and it's hard sometimes to keep up
with your own heart as it races down the
slope but of course you've got to start
somewhere with skiing right you're not
gonna be like a champion straightaway so
this is how some people especially kids
here in my lab Java actually learns you
so they have the terminal slope very
safe and there's these are all local
kids from from this area and the resort
itself offers them skiing lessons they
actually give them warm winter clothing
as well so that they can practice
actually really quite good let's talk to
celebrate national income this is a
proper future pro skier I tell you guys
what's your name Muhammad Salman how
long have you been skiing a long time
are you a good skier both
well done good luck
topper little skiers I mean these guys
because they're learning from such a
young age they're probably gonna be like
future Pakistan champions and skiing so
remember this little boy man I'm over
here and how long have you been posting
this is first day pretty soon are you
scared
what no you're not kidding she's not as
good good girl great so I think I should
teach her some tricks first love to get
evader up the slope
this is my trusted method the most
beautiful thing of all is when you can
share your passion with someone else
with someone who is just learning to
appreciate that very same thing that
makes your heart race my new go-to CD
was being tossed in here as well as boys
you know this this is me the future of
skiing and to help turn this dream into
a reality
Samson's group which is responsible for
the resort has initiated a community
development program for all the locals
with a coach hired to train these kids I
think I'm done with the snowy adventures
for now and I'm ready to head back into
a slightly more comfortable context
that's actually please the hotel being
built right here in this resort it
should be ready probably for the 2019 to
the 20 seasons and I'm just about to go
and check out this is the sneak preview
of one of the rooms here is the best
thing about this room in my view are
absolutely the views having a hot
chocolate or chai after a long day of
skiing relaxing with a view of the
mountain this is just perfect
I'm actually so excited you know I I
don't know when you get excited about
hotels but this is a genuinely super
super cool and it's exactly the kind of
place I will pick chill out in
when I do my skiing so next season I'll
be here it's been such an intense and
busy day of adventuring and it's made me
quite hungry it's time for food isn't
this the traffic kebab with the best
view in the world easily days like this
get you tired but this is just the
perfect ending
KPK specialty big chunky
Havas they're magical chubby kebab
probably my favourite food item I've
tasted it all the faster no joke so this
is basically beef patty with a ton of
really good spices and egg and it's a
drive right in front of and a super
fresh in a lot of oil doesn't matter
it's that's what makes it really really
good so Cheers we are waiting for this
I'm very satisfied thank you ma'am
[Music]
I could do this all day
so guys this has been a really fantastic
trip I've had so much fun the staff are
just fantastic the food has been great
especially Cooper hello
I love that and you know in general the
atmosphere here in around Java because
this is one of the two skiing resorts in
Pakistan so it's pretty special I think
everybody who comes here recognizes that
so the resort itself does a lot for the
local community local community
participates in turn in all the skiing
and all the fun and all the games and
they help build the the entire thing is
the entire community in their village or
bath so I'm just happy that I could come
visit check out the new properties have
fun anyway guys thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
this adventure with me and hope you
visit here as well thanks so much - see
you in the next dog
[Music]
