it's so cold here there's actual snow
falling right now freezing so we're
gonna have to make our way back stop
hey guys it's about 7:00 a.m. here in
Hangzhou and I'm just getting ready to
go on a pretty serious pretty
challenging track this valley that I'm
going to is meant to be a super
historical and kind of mythical place I
meant to be going there and back today
which is a good eight hours of walking
in a single day and the weather is
looking kind of shaking and a little bit
unpredictable we'll get onto the trek
soon but first things first do not
underestimate the importance of the good
hefty breakfast before Trek and my host
family here in jama'at they know this
very well so this is what we're having
for breakfast here we've got local bread
coach at pick right here as local cheese
called Marik and here is a fried egg
this is the real breakfast of the
champions and everything here is made
fresh and locally from ingredients right
from the village one last cup of chai
and it's time to start getting ready for
a trek that will probably take us the
entire day so pervaiz is my host and my
guides - I've got Valley today is this
gonna be really difficult not too much
takes only ot2 enough force to reverse
our Utes yours exactly so let's go
we started our trek in the picturesque
village of Jamal Abad which is located
between sauce and parcel Musa and it's
full bloom here but our destination lies
somewhere quite different deep in these
valleys the route there is not for the
faint-hearted you're gonna have to walk
along footbridges
riverbeds stones and do some serious
climbing and jumping
oh my god
dad see what I mean some paths even gave
me an adrenaline rush my turn
and then there was a surprise high up on
the mountain face we spotted a head of
ibex these elusive mountain animals are
quite hard to find we just couldn't
believe our luck
look at how majestic they are how fast
they climb up these impossible slopes we
could have stayed there all day just
watching these majestic creatures but
alas we had to keep going on - I've
guards we were getting closer and closer
every step of the way until finally we
reached that's it that's that's the
magic
it's only been two hours no three laughs
this is I've got Valley there is no road
access here you can only come here on
foot and perhaps given just how pristine
it is
that's not such a bad thing it's all
open space grazing animals and full-on
serenity and given that I've got is one
of the oldest wahi settlements in the
area there's a lot of history here too
right now we are in the ancient part of
a guard village and nobody knows how old
these buildings are but they are pretty
elements and wind as well so you can see
all these buildings are just you know
made out of this raw stone and old wood
pretty amazing right there there's a bit
of a tower that's four and here this is
definitely a mosque an old mosque that
is now shut down you've got all the wood
carvings around the door just amazing a
piece of history right here in this
remote valley here in Hansa but her
truck wasn't over yet we still had to
reach boy-boy valley just an hour away
we're climbing higher and higher towards
boiler valley we're taking a shortcut
but pervaiz warned me that the shortcut
is much harder than the long route
pervades the winner he got there first I
was filming the entire time I have an
excuse and finally after all that
climbing we got there right there is boy
per body with boiler glacier which has
receded over the last few years due to
climate change right there it's pre our
Valley with a link all the way to
Shimshon Valley
this is the power of the mountains and
especially the Karakoram range here in
Hansa the peaks and valleys and nature
that emerged right in front of your eyes
are just so all inspiring like nowhere
else in the world but soon after we
reached the weather began to break very
quickly so call the others actual snow
falling right now
freezing so we're gonna have to make our
way back the air feels really thin and
extremely windy very cold icy cold snow
all this etching
there you go we knew that we had to get
down to off guard as soon as possible
the snow got more intense as it the
winds but the village seemed deserted
there seemed to be nobody there until we
knocked on a door it turns out there was
somebody there vinegar
who is the aunty of Pervez and she's
just invited us in for a cup of chai
this is what we had been dreaming of for
the last two hours a warm fire in the
shelter of a local home and of course
chai a warm cup of chai here it is fresh
chai with the freshest of milk who
perfect for this cold cold day amazing
of course we had seconds to as much as
we wanted to stay with Bibi Naggar in
her warm home we had to go back to Jamal
about all right it's time to say goodbye
thank you as we started walking the
weather eventually lifted and we reached
Jamal Abad safely and despite all the
beauty of average Valley there's one
memory that will remain forever in my
heart and that's the memory of Bibi
Naggar her home her fire and her chai
rubbish
you
