suto
[Music]
I want to welcome you to the Gateway of
Sindh Karachi smaller cousin and a city
overlooked by many tourists but no more
because today I have come to Hyderabad
and I have come to explore it like never
before I think I've just found myself in
the busiest place in the world this is
the Russian galley in Hyderabad one of
the main markets in town and this is
crazy intense there's people everywhere
you can barely get through apparently
there's kilometers upon kilometers of
this market here so it continues forever
I'm probably not gonna test that
hypothesis but I see so much cool stuff
all around me so
I can't wait to get exploring do a bit
of shopping as any foreign traveler in
Pakistan will tell you and yes that
includes me for us there is absolutely
no resisting these bustling beautiful
markets it's a little baby mehndi
dresses for weddings again or at least
that I had like a baby sister alas I
guess these will have to be left to
people who'll actually use them trust me
I could have stayed there all day and
watched these pretty glistening little
dresses but even more interesting was to
see how they were actually made by the
tailor's who occupied the back streets
of the market all of these things are
made by hand from scratch
isn't that amazing but soon enough we
were pulled back into the streets of the
market I've just found something really
cool and apparently very Cindy as well
these waistcoats which one should I get
just going to look for wasteful just for
me oh wow you know it always starts with
just one how do you say stylish and
Cindy Hsu Tom needless to say I felt
pretty suit oh and all of these wait
what I think we got ourselves some
paparazzi
but we also got something else Shakira
Shakira how do you say thank you and
Cindy Hsu Cindy Cindy man Ashley
I should be a chance to my first ride in
Hyderabad pretty much anywhere you are
in the world chai gives you that chance
to sit back relax and watch the crowd go
by but in Hyderabad that crowd sucks you
right back in now this place is so crazy
busy I have no idea where I am actually
going I am not even joking this crowd
was crazier than anything I'd ever
experienced even in Karachi
but with jazz super 4G I quickly managed
to find my way out of the market and
toward my next destination found it
let go
to me this is the best thing about
visiting any new city looking at the
architecture people watching and
ultimately finding your way to your
destination even when it gets dark here
in Hyderabad the intensity does not
subside at all after he actually gets
more intense with all the motorbike
lights flashing at me I have no idea
where I'm walking but I think I think I
think I have found an oasis in all this
madness
and that oasis is the most hotly
recommended of every place in town
actually all of Pakistan robbery
I believe that these are all for me
right right right
Oh for me this is the robbery that
pretty much everybody who sent me
recommendations about Hyderabad and said
I need to try this one is pistachio this
is the original I'm gonna go with this
flavor first now I have had a beautiful
once in Karachi and I come I loved it so
I'm just gonna see if this matches up to
what I had there I don't know I don't
know if I can literally I'm not kidding
I'm not exaggerating this is literally
the best dessert I've had in Pakistan
Hyderabad you're good to me
[Music]
because Hyderabad
captain surprisingly I thought I would
give a small little surprise in return
I have come to add a BA in order to
learn a little bit of Sydney so this
lovely double owner
I offered to teach me a little bit since
we're having a cup of chai moochick egg
cup chai golden easy there's another
phrase that if you're a traveler you'll
probably use all the time and I use all
the time actually in Bordeaux how do you
say Chado in Sydney hello hello hello
hello okay hello hallo
and so I hallowed to the next spot I
don't know what it is about Hyderabad
but it seems that the people here have a
really really sweet tooth because
another place that everybody told me to
visit it's called the Bombay bakery and
it is famous for all of its cakes
especially a famous coffee cake but
haven't come here I just realized
a ridiculously large and long queue
people are telling me that this queue
will take about at least 30 minutes to
actually scatter I mean is it really
worth the hide I guess we have to wait
[Music]
you know I guess sometimes it pays to be
a girl because I get to skip the gents
queue and I get to go pretty much
straight to the cakes
that's called exclusive access there
they are
he's saying I should get the coffee cake
or the chocolate cake but I don't really
want to choose so don't judge me it's
awesome cake to give you an almond cake
and it gonna be cake and they're just
about to give me a chocolate cake as
well Hyderabad I love you
guess how many cakes I would eventually
walk out with
this is over me
right I'm here and I'm here to sample
all of these got two cakes right here
three four five six cake number one you
love it
the famous coffee cake of Bombay bakery
this is what all the hype is about I
love coffee this is perfect you know to
think about Bombay bakery and that it's
been around for like over hundred years
that's a you know much older than
probably most food establishments in all
of Pakistan 3-partition I'm very excited
to be here and trying out their next
case oh good
three down three to go good cake we have
these back home Wow mm-hmm just like
back home macaroon cake
[Music]
you didn't see this this is my favorite
so far last case here we have obviously
a chocolate cake an explosion of
sweetness and chocolate in your mouth
just look at them they were still
staring at me in all their glory and all
of their deliciousness but I am done and
there we are ladies and gentlemen that
was my experience of Hyderabad a city
that I found to be sweet and colorful
and stylish and a city that I know I
will never ever again compare to Karachi
a city that's actually taught me a lot
about perspective Hyderabad I know I'll
keep coming back
[Music]
you
