but everybody that means hello and
Armenian and yes you guessed it right I
am in Armenia right now and today my
mission is to convince you to come and
visit this compact beautiful land in the
heart of the Caucasus so shall we get
going let's go over the last few years
as its neighbors Georgia and Azerbaijan
grew in popularity as travel
destinations Armenia remained the
quietest of the three and yet it may
just be the most surprising the number
one reason why you shouldn't visit
Armenia is its capital Yerevan now this
is not a name that you would have had
thrown around very much but this city is
just so effortlessly cool it's may come
as a surprise that Armenia is home to
only 3 million people a third of whom
live right here in the Arabic I think
this is what makes the city feel so
relaxed more like a town than a
metropolis but it does hold some
surprises right now I'm at one of the
most popular attractions here in the
Aragon this place is called the cascade
and it's basically a giant staircase
with some incredible views of the entire
city and some really cool contemporary
art let's check it out
this entire complex was created as a
public space for people to enjoy
contemporary art in the heart of the
city and if you dare to climb the entire
staircase you'll be rewarded with a full
view of this stunning mount ararat as
you move through the city you discover
its layers one by one there's the Soviet
past there is the Christian heritage and
remnants of Islamic history on top of
all of this it's a pretty hip and
happening spot with new bars and
restaurants opening up on the regular
but if you're more into the traditional
stuff then right here markets like this
you'll find everything that is great
about Armenian foodie culture let me
show you around the gun market is a busy
marketplace for nuts and dried fruit
these are some of the traditional
products that come from the local region
this right here this is to joke
it's a traditional local sweet basically
walnuts wrapped with a paste made out of
dried fruits and nuts but casually
people here call it the Armenian
Snickers kind of looks like one right
but I haven't really come here for the
tasting sessions I've come here to chat
with the locals Oh
apricot nuts
Wow
[Laughter]
as I made my way through the market the
command taste met me everywhere I went
the hospitality here in this market is
absolutely overwhelming every single
stall that I've gone up to people are
saying please eat more more and more and
more MORE you're a guest you have to
accept the gift really good well some
interactions were less expected it just
asked me if Oliver who is behind the
camera is I love you
[Laughter]
yerevan may not be the biggest or
busiest city in the Caucasus but it
makes up for that with its endless charm
and super friendly locals as for our
list of reasons to visit Armenia let's
move on to the next one Armenia is also
a great destination for culture and
history junkies not many people know for
example that it was the very first
country in the world to adopt
Christianity as its state religion
here's a few great spots to check out
all across the country here stands the
temple of garni one of the last
remaining pagan temples in the region in
such good condition much like the
temples you see in Greece it's 2,000
years old incredibly it was totally
destroyed in an earthquake in the 16th
century but rebuilt using the original
materials 300 years later and this is
hugg hudson monastery in armenian its
name means the monastery of the plague
ego dating back to the 13th century it's
surrounded by beautiful lush forests and
this is Savannah Bank a 9th century
monastery with an incredible location
overlooking Lake Sevan
and this is Horvat up this monastery has
roots dating back to the seventh century
legend has it that there was once a
saint imprisoned here for 13 years
before getting released by saving the
king and converting the entire country
to Christianity since we're on the
subject of history we should talk about
another little known aspect of Arminius
heritage my next reason for you to visit
Armenia is for its wine this actually
happens to be one of the oldest
winemaking regions in the entire well
the rolling hills of Armenia have
provided fertile soil for great
production for millennia already is the
local version of Bordeaux and you can
actually go and check out some of the
wine cellars and the local wineries here
let's go according to popular law there
is a special secret to the sweet taste
of Armenian wine the armenian oak
barrels that had stored in are meant to
give it that distinctive flavor not
found anywhere else in the world I am
really no expert on wines at all tastes
really good
even if you don't drink alcohol
winemaking traditions in Armenia are
still an important part of the local
history and it's just fascinating to see
how this used to be such a powerful wine
region and yet these days not many
people know about it our tasting session
doesn't end here one of the best things
about Armenia is the food Armenian food
is a mash-up of influence from across
the region it takes all the best bits
from its Eastern European and Middle
Eastern neighbors and to give you an
idea of what the mountain food here is
like the dish you see right here is
called coochy coochy is a traditional
shepherd's dish and why is that
interesting well the wives of Shepherds
used to make hoochie for their husbands
as they went up the mountains for weeks
and months at a time because it's such a
convenient dish you literally take some
meat mix it with some vegetables and you
wrap it all in a big parcel of lavash
lavash is the traditional flat bread you
have to slice through to get to the
middle of your hoochie lover meal the
Gotama is a stuffed pumpkin filled with
rice raisins and dried foods it's one of
the more traditional dishes in Armenia
served mostly on special occasions I'm
really excited about the Capanna because
it's literally like food confetti it's
got everything and anything in it let's
try
oh and now for something simpler here we
have jingle of hats which is the
flatbread stuffed with butter and about
10 to 12 types of greens and herbs all
from the local mountain all green on the
inside these firms really taste like the
mountain
you might recognize DOMA from Middle
Eastern cuisine these are basically
grape leaves stuffed with rice and meat
and served with a beautiful creamy
garlic garnish super good so meaty and
juicy amazing but there's one more thing
about Armenia I need to tell you about
and that is its nature probably the
highest concentration of totally diverse
landscapes I've seen anywhere and plenty
of adventures to go with them
this is be done and we're just about to
go horse riding here in the mountains
around
Gork let's go the best thing about the
Armenian outdoors is that they are
practically untouched with so little
tourism here there's a sense of nature
at its most pristine anywhere you go be
it mountain forest or lake it really
makes you smile and all at this small
gem in the heart of the Caucasus
[Music]
I guess that wraps it up I probably
don't need to give you guys and your
reasons to come and visit beautiful
Armenia so I guess I hope to see you in
Armenia next and I hope that you stick
around for the next vlog
