hey guys I'm a kazoo bacon I'm a full
time traveler and travel vlogger and
film maker I normally travel to places
that most other tourists don't and this
video is about one such place in June
2019 I got a chance to travel around
Syria during that visit I got to see
Damascus which you can see a vlog about
on my YouTube and Facebook channels as
well as the villages of Malala and said
Naya and crack the Sharia
the very last city that I saw was a
leper the Aleppo that was once the great
jewel in the crown of the Middle East a
city with one of the longest histories
of human inhabitation in the world but
also the Aleppo that has been so
devastated by the recent conflict in
Syria that I believe there is no human
in the Western world who hasn't heard
about the tragedy that struck it going
in I had no idea what I should be
expecting what it would be like and the
visit certainly crushed me devastated me
but also surprised me in some pretty
meaningful ways and since you are here
right now I just would like to ask you
to tell me that you're committing to
watching this entire vlog or not at all
because this story takes several turns
and I would like you to have the full
picture of my experience there and also
remember that my experience of visiting
Aleppo is a very specific one this is
not meant to be a political commentary
this is not meant to be a reflection of
what life is like for the people of
Aleppo today remember I am a travel
blogger what I am trying to show you
with this film is my experience as a
foreign tourist in Aleppo in June 2019
and with that in mind this is how it all
began if nothing else there's one thing
you should know about Aleppo as the
context to this vlog for four long years
during the Syrian conflict the city of
Aleppo became the battlefield between
two key forces the Syrian government
versus the Syrian opposition during that
time I remember seeing news reports of a
city under siege a city bombarded day
a city from which people had to escape
to save themselves and their families
today just over two years after the end
of the Battle of Aleppo I found it hard
to believe that I could actually visit
the city as a tourist albeit with a
guide remember this visit was a roller
coaster and it certainly started off on
a high as they walked through the newer
parts of town called Melbourne and
apparently it's a traditional sweet I
think it contains walnuts this is yes
walnuts and grape juice all around it
kind of like jelly turns out that
walking down the street and eating a
melbourne for the first time not the
best idea
sorry it's led to Kauai oh good my two
of the city quickly took on a brief
foodie angle as we stopped by one of
aleppo's older traditional ice cream
shops here at the owner who prepares
your dessert right in front of you it
didn't look like anything I had tried
before so eventually I had to ask what
it was
what's the name of this dish
[Music]
this dish is called forehead tally and
it looks pretty full on it's got ice
cream milk and pistachio sprinkled on
top it's looking really good what do you
think below I'll try the technique is
down and scoop out this little piece mmm
very good extremely sweet just okay
amazing thank you so much what's your
name so it's - anise and as with me just
asking for us as it turned out and as
his father had owned the shop before him
a true family business but we had to
keep going and walking down the streets
of this part of town I saw Syrian flags
next to UN logos next to damaged
buildings next to sparkling new ones and
among all of this a shop selling a true
Aleppo classic something that tourists
once used to buy here on their trips to
the city this is the famous Aleppo soap
made out of olive trees this means this
little sign here means that it's genuine
seven stars at the bottom the makers of
the soap follows centuries-old
traditional recipes my guide Bilal was
adamant that I try them all which of
course I promptly did and ended up
getting a whole bunch of them for
friends and family all this souvenir
buying got me thinking about the state
of tourism in the city so here's the
thing about Aleppo the city literally
just very recently opened up to visitors
again
so all the tourist infrastructure pretty
much is closed for now including
airplane ticket offices because the
airport doesn't work yet and including
most of the hotels we passed by the
famous baron hotel for almost a century
this was the 5-star establishment
favored by August of honour
visiting Aleppo among them were King
vessel of Iraq David Rockefeller and
Agatha Christie who wrote parts of the
classic Murder on the Orient Express
right here
sadly the hotel no longer functions in
the way that it used to the conflict has
left it in a sad state of near ruins I'm
just about to walk into the old part of
the city this is the part of the city
that suffered probably the most
destruction and the part of the city
that was the the historic and cultural
center for this entire region I don't
really know where we'll find but I've
heard that pretty bad damage has been
really
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
because nothing can really describe the
extent and the devastation I hadn't even
been to before
I am shocked
[Music]
the thing about this heritage is that
okay it may be reconstructed and the
people of Aleppo are keen to do it very
very quickly but nothing can bring it
back as it was and nothing can bring
back those original structures and the
original beauty of the tool
[Music]
one amazing things that you see here is
that people have actually collected
these stones from above
put them right beside their houses see
this is the stone and that's just one of
the most extensively destroyed pathology
you can see traces of the old market
here but they are traces and this is
pretty much all that remains of the old
souk one of the oldest if not the oldest
souk to have been around in the world
and one of the largest and now nothing
there's nothing left
[Music]
this is probably the very first time in
my life that the sound of drilling
nuclear drilling which much all around
the old soup and all around the old city
actually makes me happy clearly there's
construction going on right there people
are trying to rebuild I think this is
what it means to be human
to live maybe to lose everything but to
pick ourselves up and start building
again give new foundations to our lives
lay down the bricks of your new home
whatever our political views this urge
to live in safety is something we all
share I think something we cannot be
denied something that nobody should take
away from us we live and we build and we
continue to live and continue to rebuild
no matter the damage
so we just chanced upon this tiny little
shop in a little hook right here in the
heart of the destroyed old city and some
really nice souvenirs oh the owner of
the shop is living here maybe an
incredible copper where he's actually
sculpting in the middle and South and
here was a man sitting among the ruin
creating art making something so
beautiful in the midst of profound
devastation and still smiling as a human
being first and foremost I cannot even
begin to imagine how hard it must be to
smile if you're that man as a human
being I can't begin to imagine how hard
it must be to see your home broken
shattered into a million pieces by
forces bigger than you but you know what
the ultimate human power is the power of
hope the power of that upward movement
the desire to build on and live on
[Music]
look the truth is there is a lot of
damage here I mean you you walking
through a ghost city a city that looks
like it could have been damaged hundreds
of years ago but there are so many signs
that tell you that the damage is much
more recent it feels eerie it feels
devastating emotionally
I can't believe time I can't believe
that it was done and I can't imagine
what it must be like for the people who
once lived here
you spend their whole lives here but you
know from the ashes the rise and that
new tomorrow is already being built
today by the people of Elektra and that
was my visit of Aleppo now it was very
hard to be there physically but even
during the edit process of this vlog I
felt tears welling up at me on several
occasions and remember I'm just a
tourist it's just a one time visitor I
never got to call this place home so I
can't imagine what it must be like for
those who did on the other hand seeing
the people of Aleppo at least attempting
to start rebuilding a purse that is
incredibly difficult and complex that
you know you can't help but feel a sense
of hope and pride in that mere fact
before going into a leper
one of my friends whose home it once was
asked me to kiss a leper for him he
hasn't been able to return and neither
has his family and I know that's not
just his story that's the story of many
Syrians all around the world even though
in the grand scheme of things it may not
mean much I did kiss Aleppo for him but
really I just hope that he can return
and kiss a leper himself
thank you so much for watching this vlog
and I hope to see you in the next one
[Music]
