hey guys I am an old man right now and
more specifically in the city of
Missoula and today I'm trying to buy
myself a goat
this is nizwa one of the most historic
cities in all of Oman the Moroccan
explorer eben Battuta once described the
news were of the 14th century as a city
at the foot of a mountain and developed
by orchards and streams and with fine
bazaars and splendid clean mosques well
it seems that some things stayed the
same over the last 600 years but today I
am here to attend the vendors the buyers
of course there are some tourists here
snapping pictures of the entire fair
because that's why I said this is pretty
intense quite the cultural experience
who are you guys relegate where you go
and I told you my challenge I want to
buy a goat for 15 on mine area that's
about $30 do you think I can haggle can
i bargain yeah this entire night she
reminds me oh and beauty pageants
because all the vendors
Central Square showing all their
beautiful animals while the potential
buyers look out for the most beautiful
goat
if you don't know much about goats this
is the place to come and see for
yourself how many colors shapes and
sizes they comment I like to think that
I've met many goats on my travels but
these guys were definitely a different
sort altogether so much that means that
they're checking for me right now
checking to see if it is nice and tender
and lean on it the great cereal of a
great looking goat walk around and
around and around until they finally
shall as they say in this part of the
world make a sale I knew that I needed
to try this technique for myself
[Music]
I guess this is how you do it check
somewhere here I know me sure what I'm
checking
the buyers at the market Clooney had
been secretly betting Tiffany's about
looking way too advanced for me to try I
guess I'll leave it to the expert how
much is that goat hundred eighty million
one hundred and eighty
[Music]
123 hours
century oz for a little baby go like
this so cute
still not on my price point still
haven't found my go to fifty reality
seems like a bargain and I can buy one
which is the best go to on dog or the
mix gold
of course of my so the old man you go to
the most expensive one
okay if your money goes is what you want
to buy from there right okay I think I
caught sight of an Omani goat he is boy
look at that
[Applause]
everyone gathered here is on the lookout
for an investment an animal that could
contribute in some way to the household
sea in order to have to own a goat you
probably need like a garden to feed it
every day I mean either you say there is
no signal because there are too many
people gathered here never cross the
road no laughing matter
guys organic goat traffic as the market
went on and on for several hours it
Betty showed any signs of slowing down
probably by that goats little baby goat
struggling with it should I buy a goat
for $18 and baby goats
I don't know I'm starting to think I
might have to abandon my dreams of
buying and going but I am going to stick
around for the cow auction because
that's when the big guns come out we
decided to leave the busy market behind
and take a peek at the cows waiting
outside
cows are probably some of my favorite
animals they are just the cutest little
thing
so gentle so graceful so kind so
friendly
those beautiful big wet noses I love
these guys this is the section of the
parking lot where the cows are waiting
their tents are they the all these guys
are just about to be brought out back
into the auction and we're gonna have a
little cow beauty contest going on there
just like the goats are the cows much
more expensive than the goats how much
is a cow one cow
the idea was the same sailors would walk
around in circles showing off the
animals they wanted so buyers inspected
the car that they were interested in but
this time the animals were fewer and the
price is much higher
[Music]
[Applause]
five hundred and twenty reals for the
big guy over there that is well over a
thousand dollars safe to say I'm not
going to be buying a bull or cow anytime
soon Gio like that a mom and a baby
won't let you back around 350 to 400
reals and that's around 800 bucks but if
I may say so it's a pretty good
investment because if you buy these -
you got cheese and milk pretty much
guaranteed forever never again
I was hoping to see a successful sale
which eventually did come but it was
definitely a bit more rowdy than I had
expected
that I'm adding what lies above Atlantic
well that was pretty intense huh I think
we all need a little break after a
successful auction everybody gathers
here in this sweet shop to have some
halma coffee three dates relax and enjoy
this is the famous of money how about to
me it kind of looks like jelly texture
it's very mmm so sticky it's delicious
super super sweet the best one yeah the
best one in oh man no in this town but
let's not forget about one very
important thing coffee no man has been
definitely some of the best I've ever
had anywhere in the world and that's
because it's not too strong it's
actually quite soft and quite smooth
very very smooth with undertones of
cardamom and every single cup its
thrive of course but I cannot take more
than like this I cannot sleep
it's me everybody is different but for
me this is the ultimate kind of like a
blend between teeth and a coffee
[Music]
[Applause]
but nizwa is a lot more than the market
and the halvah it's a city flowing with
traditional history and on our mini tour
hit'em and I stumbled upon a pretty
unique local performance this is a
traditional tribal dance performed by
the local men here at nizwa fort it
takes place pretty often and it's open
for tourists to see and it shows you a
side of a mani culture that not many
people know I'm leaving the nizwa goat
and cow action with no cows or goats but
let's not despair this has been a truly
amazing experience these options are
pretty rough you know it's not something
you'd see and face like you're a bore or
the wet but this is part of the local
culture and this is how people are
actually genuinely and really still
purchase their life stuff it's really
wonderful to see everybody's been super
super welcoming and I would recommend
that if you find yourself somewhere
around Isla do come here to the fried a
goat option
Sky's experience thanks so much guys for
watching this vlog and I hope to see you
in the next one don't forget to Like and
subscribe bye
