[Music]
it what's up guys MTV HD here so
typically with every single new version
of Android we'll get an early look at it
in the form of an alpha or beta release
then we'll dig into it find the coolest
new features and then share it with the
guests now this year with Android 11
those earlier builds were honestly a
little bit underwhelming like the Alpha
builds were not super feature-rich and
they weren't ready but now that we're
getting towards that time of year where
we were supposed to have Google i/o
which was of course canceled but now
that we're getting to that time the beta
builds that are coming out especially
this first one are a lot more close to
final and there's some good stuff in
here so we're gonna dive in and take a
look now keep in mind Android as just as
a whole is a lot more well baked more
mature than it was a couple years ago so
a couple years ago an a version update
like this could be a whole visual
overhaul this isn't a visual overhaul
anymore this is a lot more tweaking a
lot more fine-tuning but there is still
some cool stuff and some good features
in here so that's we're gonna take a
look at and yeah so this is a top 5 new
features in Android xi and number 5 is
the updated pixel launcher so this has
been my favorite launcher I guess on any
Android phone for a couple years now
anytime I get a new phone I just kind of
try to make the homescreen feel kind of
like a pixel but they have tweaked some
stuff here so first of all they let me
turn auto rotation on on the home screen
which correct me if I'm wrong that
wasn't enabled before so you can just
turn your phone sideways like a tablet
and just use it like that right away I
don't think I ever would use my phone
like this on the home screen I almost
never turned it that way anyway so it's
cool I don't think that was enabled
before then there's now a new option for
your bottom row of apps to be app
suggestions so basically it moves
everything up a row and then that whole
new bottom row is suggested apps to open
on your phone based on learned behaviors
and you can pin a suggested app and
place down there if you think it should
be there permanently and there's also an
option in settings to block an app from
ever showing up there so just check the
box if you don't want it to ever be
suggested this to me is kind of neat I
guess if those suggestions get really
good but I'm not a huge fan of the idea
of my homescreen
being variable I feel like they should
just stay locked in place so I have
quick access to everything now inside
the app drawer they let you have that
top row as suggestions that's cool I'll
leave it like that it's been like that
for years but yeah I think I'm probably
not gonna use that option then the app
switcher is also a little bit different
huge cards still but now you get an app
screenshot button a share button and a
select button to select text within the
app and you now lose the extra pull down
up to get into the app drawer and
there's some small new animations did
you catch that you can see the wallpaper
shifts a bit when you pull the
notification bar down and it also shifts
when you pull up into the app drawer
it's really subtle it's super subtle but
that's nice
alright so number four is the new media
controls up at the top now this is an
option that's actually not enabled by
default and I suspect that's because
it's a bit buggy and incomplete but when
you do go into the developer settings
and enable it it puts this little
colorized media widget in the top of
your quick settings pulldown I think
this is sweet it's like an Android eyes
version of the iPhones quick settings
media toggle and since it's at the top
it means you never have to scroll very
far to pause whatever music or podcast
you're listening to now like I said it
is a bit buggy but you can have more
than one open at once but it doesn't yet
work with every single app like it
doesn't work with YouTube yet and also
sometimes the playback scrubber doesn't
work but generally I'm a big fan of this
feature you can also quickly toggle
playback devices so if you have
headphones or speakers paired stuff like
that you can quickly get to that and the
little mini player the color of it is
always gonna match the album art of
whatever you're listening to so again
very subtle but that's nice
alright number three three voice access
or voice control full credits to dieter
from the verge for surfacing this for me
I saw it on his Twitter he tweeted a
video of using it and it blew my mind
I'll link his tweet below but basically
it's an accessibility feature so not
everyone's gonna use it but I feel like
anything that improves accessibility on
a phone this much could be used by
anyone basically and and what gets this
good it's worth it so here's how it
works so the voice access feature itself
is not new you can grab it from the
place
door it shows up in the menus of your
phone and when you enable it in this new
Android beta its controlling the phone
with your voice and the best improvement
here is instead of just saying the
number corresponding to what you want to
press you can actually also just say the
name of the action and it's gotten
really good at responding open real a
pro scroll down scroll up go home open
Chrome scroll up go back open Twitter
tweet
this is a test of voice commands on
Android 11 delete all text go back go
home it's pretty yet okay so number two
the power button hold which is usually
just to like turn off the phone or reset
gets even more functionality now I'm not
sure why they chose the power button
hold for this stuff other than just
giving quick access to things that
weren't originally quick but here we are
so now when you press and hold the power
button instead of just getting shut down
restart and screenshot you get all those
things plus a shortcut to Google pay and
whatever other cards and passes like
boarding passes you have which is broken
right now in this beta and then also a
bunch of smart home toggles and I happen
to have some compatible smart home stuff
that I can control so I can turn on my
smart lights on and off and they work
pretty quickly it seems like and nest
thermostat also worked quickly and
easily and you can even preview nest
cameras now again I don't know if
putting them here in the power button
long press menu is what I expected or or
what most users will expect to find here
but I'm cool with it
side note if you aren't you can go into
the system settings under power menu and
take away the things that you don't care
about having here and then number one
the biggest new change in yet another
Android update is a new notification
shade classic Android updates so in
Android 11 the notifications get
separated into three categories there's
conversations alerting notifications and
silent notifications so conversations is
for messaging basically so text messages
Twitter dm's or whatever other apps end
up supporting this I imagine slack and
other messaging apps then alerting
notifications is basically all the
standard stuff that's where you'd have
them pile up normally and then silent
notifications are the ones that are
persistent happening in the background
more background stuff like whether or
Google now cards if it also got these
more jelly animations they're pretty
sloppy actually at the moment in this
beta but I think they can clean them up
and they'll look nice and that's the
real main change here
there's also some other little things
like you can do bubble notifications now
so basically chat heads are being
supported for messaging apps this is the
thing you can turn on and off in the
settings I was never really a huge fan
of chat heads so I'm keeping it off and
then there's also a new fancy screen on
and off animation see if there's a lot
of little things definitely little
things and that is it for android 11 my
favorite new feature of these is
definitely the new media controls up in
the top nice little compact widget up
here because I'm always listening I feel
like - something music or podcast but
I'm curious let me know in the comments
section well your favorite feature of
these 5 is now at the end of the day the
unanswered question is when will you get
this update like when will you try this
new stuff because I'm testing it right
now on my pixel 4 and that's what you'd
expect is a pixel to get it and there's
a couple other pixel models that can
download it and test it right now some
people are literally daily a Miss beta
but there's kind of no way to know when
a Samsung phone HTC phone a Motorola
phone and oneplus phone are all gonna
get it when the carriers will allow it
so I don't know if you want to guarantee
that you get these latest features in
your phone you have to have a pixel
basically and that's the way it's been
for a little while but other than that
that's about all we know that's the top
5 features in Android 11 if you have any
questions feel free to drop them below
we can chat about them but that's been
it
thanks for watching catch you guys the
next one tastes
