but then towards the end we settled on
this design so we did something you're
usually not allowed to do it's up guys
mkbhd here so you may remember a couple
videos ago I was talking about the ideal
budget smartphone formula and how much
different parts costs relative to the
final cost of the phone and in that
video I actually asked I called out if
any companies want to get in touch with
me and maybe give us the actual numbers
of what some of these parts actually
costs well it would be great well 1 plus
as you probably already know by now is
working on and has been teasing their
upcoming mid-range or budget phone and
they actually reached out and they said
hey ok we are willing to talk about that
kind of stuff and we can use project nor
it as like an example to walk through
that discussion so I said ok and what
followed with some of the most
interesting informative discussion I've
had in the smartphone world in a long
time so I'm speaking with Carl Pei one
of the cofounders of oneplus one of the
guys usually see on stage at their
events presenting stuff and there's a
full uncut version of this entire
discussion on the way form podcast I'll
link it below
we got really in the weeds about product
strategy and the not so linear nature
about how products are planned and how
they come to life in 2020 but if you
want to hear all that you can but this
here is me cherry-picking some of the
really good stuff we get actual numbers
and prices via real discussions and we
got a design reveal of oneplus Nord as
promised enjoy do that all right Carl
thank you for joining me so I think
we're all we're here because you get you
guys are you're working on a new product
line oneplus Nord I think all we really
know about it as of right now as we're
recording this is the name is Nord and
then there's all sorts of speculation
about what exactly it is so why don't we
just go right into it and just just tell
me what you can about what oneplus Nord
is what you've been working on what we
should know now so if you look at the
the timing now and if you
look at the industry as a whole most
smartphone companies they really focus
all their time and energy into creating
a great flagship phone the mid-range
category is it's it's kind of an
afterthought so the the best and
brightest go and make the flagship phone
and you know the mid-range it is what it
is for us we think we're ready now
because the technology is ready with the
seven six five G chipset from Qualcomm
we finally feel like the the mid-range
chipset are ready to deliver the
experience that people have come to
expect from a oneplus product over the
past couple of years you know we've been
really focused on creating a fast and
smooth experience and prior to this this
was done on the 800 series yeah but now
as technology is improving we feel like
it's finally time and the technology is
finally ready so that now with the 700
series were able to deliver that same
experience so when you're scrolling
through the oneplus Noord you won't
actually be able to tell which platform
you're on all the animations all the
optimizations we've kind of taken from
the 800 series and brought to the 700
series I'm sure that when they use it
for the first time they won't really be
able to tell what the that is it's not a
800 series chipset I think they'll be
able to tell once they get into
something really intensive like you know
3d game on a higher graphic setting but
for the regular day-to-day tasks I've
been using it as my daily driver for
quite some time now you can't really
tell so that's what it is like we
finally feel like there's a opening for
us to take our flagship experience into
a new price category and we waited a
little bit of time until we were finally
ready to deliver this so I'm always
wondering I'm always wondering how much
how much parts cost in a phone so I was
talking about this sort of formula for a
budget phone one you end up at a 350 400
4 and $50 phone what sort of trade-offs
like need to be made because they're
simply too expensive so I have a couple
questions maybe you can answer about
that
I'll try my best so generally about
about how much does it cost to add NFC
to a phone and I've seized one of those
things we've seen left out of previous
phones previous one plus loans for cost
reasons now they're in many phones but
still left out occasionally what is that
little NFC tag cost
yeah nowadays has become really common
right so it's not something we thought
of thought about a lot but it costs
around four dollars to just add the
enema see there and that's four bucks to
you the the the manufacturer that's
putting them in the phones or four bucks
to the end consumer to you okay it's
it's um yeah when we think about a cup
the cost of a smart phone we talk in
terms of bum bo M it means building
materials so the four dollars gets into
the building materials and then we have
other costs to deliver the phone to the
consumer we have channel cost marketing
costs operational costs offices staff
etc so this is just the cost of
components what about IP certification
because that's not that's not a
component necessarily it's a couple of
seals and a couple of things you add to
the phone that eventually qualify it for
a certification so an ip68 rating in a
phone for example how much extra does
that cost yeah so this is a really
interesting topic and it's quite
complicated so bear with me for a little
bit there's no there's no official kind
of body or third-party organization that
certifies phones to be IP rated it's
just a set of standards that are you
know commonly agreed upon in the
industry so take ip68 for instance for a
phone to be able to claim that it's IP
68 certified it needs to survive 1.5
meters underwater sorry for North
American it's not
we were like talents or something for
for 30 minutes 30 minutes okay 30
minutes so you mentioned the yeah we
need to add additional seals to make
sure that every port is waterproof but
that's actually only a very small part
of the additional cost the most of the
cost here comes from the
from the machines that we have to buy to
test the devices so that's the biggest
cost driver it's a big fixed investment
to buy all these machines that allow us
to test the devices through kind of
blowing air into the ports to see if the
air thing comes out it's not tested
under water so that's the biggest fixed
investment the second the cost driver is
actually manpower so every every foam
that's IP certified needs to undergo
testing towards the end of the assembly
line so at the end of the assembly line
we have to add a few more steps to the
process and this makes the phone take
longer time to manufacture and we'll
also need more manpower more people to
undergo these tests so that's the second
biggest cost driver the the seals of
themselves they don't really cost a lot
so how much so how much do you save by
not having all that obviously the
machines divide out over you know the
cost of units but I feel like if you
just put the seals in and toss it under
water and it seems to survive you're
close even though you're not necessarily
testing with official machines right so
it really depends on the volume right so
if you sell a lot of phones or you
manufacture a lot of phones and you just
divide the cost of machines by a lot of
phones and hence driving the price down
and also if your team is more
experienced in building these assembly
lines that have IP certification tests
you can save time there as well to save
costs for us it costs around fifteen
dollars for each phone to do the IP
certification so for the oneplus Nord we
we chose to not do it and as you say we
we can still build a phone that survives
the day to day if you spilled some water
on your phone if you if you drop it in
the pool of water it still works so for
for the oneplus Nord we just decided
that this is not a place where we should
put costs because we're looking at the
overall user experience we're not
designing for extreme use cases we're
not designing to cover it kind of every
corner of the user experience right so
it may like previous
Plus phones that weren't certified it
may still have the seals and like you
say it might still survive a spill or a
rain or something like that but it
doesn't necessarily go through the same
extra steps in manufacturing and testing
with those machines which saves a bit of
money and therefore takes the price down
a little bit so where the oneplus Nord
at every stage of the product
development process we make sure that
the design can withstand 30 centimeters
of water for 30 seconds and after after
testing it in water we wait again so if
the weight has increased there's
actually water in the phone and only
when there's no additional weight can it
move on to the next development process
there's another trade-off I guess I'm
curious about which is battery and I
think a lot of people don't really think
about the different types of ways that
you can build a battery experience
usually we just think of how big is it
what's the battery life and then that's
the end but there is how fast it charges
how fast it depletes how do you decide
on a battery and a phone
I think battery is is pretty standard
but you messed you mentioned charging
right and our phones have been known to
have warp charging and that that has
additional costs the hardware is not
exactly the same because it's a high
amperage charging the power conversion
happens in the power brake instead of in
the phone itself and that has a some
additional cost yeah I mean shipping a
phone with power brick pretty pretty
important some may say oh pretty
important yeah what about a what about
the display so we've talked about I've
talked about displays a lot I'm I'm
always interested in a great screen
what's the what's the difference between
a great screen and a not-so-great screen
when you're pricing out like something
like a flagship versus a mid-range phone
when it comes to display I think the the
biggest choice you have to make is
whether you're using a AMOLED display or
a LCD display and an AMOLED display is
up to two times more expensive than a
LCD display but it it depends on a lot
of other factors as well so for instance
if you want a curved display that cost
even more because when when you're
manufacturing these curved displays
there's more prone to error in the
manufacturing process so the yield rate
gets lower hence the more expensive
product gotcha
and as refresh rate seemed to come down
in price a little bit every year like it
was almost unusual to have a higher
frustrate maybe four years ago and a
phone now it seems like you can get a
high refresh rate AMOLED display pretty
readily when it comes to display it's a
lot about volume so now that ninety
Hertz displays have become really common
that drives the volume up and then hence
the price down but it chill
still a trade-off because we spent quite
a lot on the display for this phone to
ensure the smoothness to ensure the
smooth scrolling but we think it's worth
it I got to ask I have to I'm sorry in
advance but I have to ask how much does
a headphone jack cost good question
headphone jack doesn't cost that much in
in in the Bill of Materials the the cost
of that comes from the mechanical design
of the phone the hardware design of the
phone it takes additional space space
you can otherwise use for other things
for instance battery and nowadays true
wireless earphones are getting pretty
popular and they're coming down in price
so we see a smaller and smaller in need
for headphone jacks I'm actually curious
how big of a difference do you think you
actually gain in battery for example I
think that's usually the sighted like
biggest improvement once you get rid of
that port how how much bigger do you
actually get to make the battery in a
phone by getting rid of the headphone
jack
it's a overall balance I think I would
say I haven't really calculated how much
you know that amount of space results in
a milliamp Ridge for the battery but
it's a balance of a lot of different
things for instance we also want to make
sure our phones are not too thick
because one of the first things
consumers react to is how it feels in
the hand and when you have a phone that
feels really slim or feels good in the
hand so in our case we also you know
since the very beginning we have these
tapered edges on the back
make it more grip level this is really
important so it's an overall balance a
larger battery or less space for the
battery will also result in a thicker
phone so I can just show you quickly
some of the the prototypes we we
explored before deciding on their final
design so I have some of them here so
how should I show them that's good so
that's so this is like a when you say
prototype this is like you make a sort
of a mock-up of a potential design to
fit the phone into yeah
when I say prototype I mean design
mock-ups so as I was saying before when
the product team is kind of working on
their product strategy the industrial
design team is also working on different
paths to take the design and so all the
prototypes all the mock-ups are actually
of they have the same camera kind of
configuration you see a very unique
style camera configuration but the
finish is different here you see like
three squares on the previous one it's a
matte frosted glass and they're like are
we yeah yeah which one of these two
would you like the most I'm gonna I'm
gonna go with that Dave to detail over
there on the side I feel like I would
I'll be into that so this one yeah
teal yeah Dave to detail yeah but then
towards the end we settled on this
design so we did something you're
usually not allowed to do which is we
change design really late in the process
and that caused the entire project to be
delayed by around a month and the reason
why we did this is because in the
beginning we saw this new product line
is more of a test or an experiment but
as we were looking into the the data and
the consumers we realized that this
would be a really good opportunity that
we would sell a lot more phones than we
you know originally envisioned so then
we had to
really rethink our design strategy are
we doing this as an experiment if it's
an experiment then we can be much more
daring with our industrial design we can
try this camera setup that looks really
unique l-shaped camera setup but if we
want to sell a lot of phones we want to
target a much broader user base we need
to make sure that it's immediately
recognizable as a 1 plus phone so we
have the same you know camera setup
vertical camera setup you see in other
oneplus phones and we have the same kind
of tapered edges on the on the back of
the phone to really remind you of the
oneplus design philosophy that reminds
me of a question I've always had I am so
curious about this so you you how long
before it's revealed is the design
locked because I'm always I'm always
thinking like sometimes phones get
leaked and then you know there's all
this this this feedback online suddenly
of a phone that you haven't announced
yet and you have maybe if it's early
enough the ability to react to it but
like you said once you started
manufacturing and tooling and everything
it's it's almost impossible to change it
without delaying it massively so so how
long before you get on stage with that
final product is the design finished
ideally we should finish it 9 months
before the launch in this case it's it's
gonna be six months yeah okay because um
after we you know decide on the concept
and we kick off there's a lot of other
work we need to do right it's a cop it's
a complex piece-by-piece process it has
to fit sort of together like a puzzle
otherwise our gonna be delayed because
basically even if you have to finalize
that design six to nine months before
you end up getting into those stages of
testing designs you've already thought
of maybe like right after you've just
you know revealed the phone a year
before so that's it almost requires like
a future it requires a vision of what
you want in a future long before you're
actually going to share it so that is
exactly really interesting to note
that's why it's really helpful to have a
product strategy so when you're building
a roadmap you make sure that you always
follow this strategy that you build
awesome well look I'm I appreciate the
time and and all the info and background
on how these phones come together I feel
like I've learned a lot I'm hoping
everyone who's listening has also
learned a lot about how this stuff works
but uh anything any closing words any
final parting teasers for Nord you want
to drop on us before we get out of here
I'm really just really excited to see
what everybody thinks about the product
when this video drops it's only a couple
of days left to the launch so we're
really excited and a little bit anxious
here so here's hoping that everything
goes well so that's been it again full
episode is on the waveform podcast if
you want to listen to all of it we go
into much greater detail but I'm
actually curious now for you does this
affect the way you think about smart
phones and those compromises at all like
now that you know NFC costs four bucks
now that you know an IP certification
will be fifteen extra dollars on the
bill of materials or that it might cost
twice as much for a good AMOLED display
versus LCD how does this change the way
you think about smart phones we can have
a discussion in the comments section
below
either way thanks for watching catch you
guys the next one peace
