good morning everybody happy weekend I
didn't really vlog much this week
because it was probably one of the
craziest weeks I've had so far this year
so apologies for that but it's Saturday
now and I'm filming through the weekend
because it's a nice chilled one and my
mum is here oh she is lurking in the
shadows she's come bearing gifts because
I'm actually not gonna see you until
after my 30th birthday so first one is
from my Nana and granddad look it's
higher since they know I love them I
like my favorite say thank you so much
nothing granddad they still watch the
vlogs
yes they do
yeah pinkies on the train now and then
mummy
these are like all my favorite flowers
in one have I told you that I might be
gay no honestly you know how big is he
gonna be where is it gonna be it's gonna
be officially here anything just a tiny
under your armpit bye my baby so you
don't see it in a bikini okay
mum's not fan of testes do you not like
Hafeez then see I wanted a bumblebee
Alfie and Nick got matches bumblebee
tattoos I'm jumping in on that cute yeah
but you don't actually what I actually
want like a butterfly no I think it
might hurt yeah do you want to get one
no I mean I've only got two do you not
think do you don't wonder what it liked
what it feels like I don't care what it
feels like yeah I really want I really
want one too just see what it's like and
also here is a very specific part of
what do you wouldn't see unless you've
gone swimwear on or underwear on that's
it's quite quite that yeah I don't think
I would get one that's very miserable
so they've never seen never know I might
hit that what sleeve up it's not a grand
up harmony
no I can imagine granddad happy
I don't know why great-granddad had one
Doris
he had my nouns name this I remember it
is ringing rod yeah I think he did it
himself
each to their own and if I can't think
you know want to see if I can't find a
design I really like or something I
really want yeah yeah I mean there's a
lots of people having them removed now
that wish they never and it's quite easy
to have them remain it yeah yeah so feel
fancy first birthday I'll buy you some
laser treatment to get rid always get
Alfie Alfie acknowledge star sign
[Music]
because you're both the same
now that Alfie I'm Joe Oliver the cusp
so I'm Leo then again you look
definitely more of a Leo though do you
know I'm not a born leader that's what
they say Leo I think you're more of a
Leo hey its jono chair the most bird
over guys I've ever known in my life I'm
certainly not fastidious anything I
would say Graham is more verbal than you
are and he's definitely on the burger
and you are I'm Jewish I think because
I'm on the cusp I'm neither really I'm
just like you should see what your moon
rising is because that is sometimes what
you're more like - all right but you
need to have a little stick and a
flannel be a shoulder a radiator a sir
you're right
is he cheered up yeah good
what's wrong we're scared of the vets I
know it's like they are deployed from
market River in Australia there's some
passion passion fruit it's probably just
be a oh I've seen you since Australia
yeah I know but you'll just bring down
with me oh I don't have made 2020s goes
off just go that pretty soon for me name
kinda mellow that there's a spicy sauce
my life Chuck in those fries bow sonic
gun yeah I'll get you for your mother so
I love this bottle a lot sure as sure as
red wine oh no try it because you will
like it
right now yeah okay can you I think
you'll like it
don't even try it
with those glasses on he loved the guy
from prison he was so very wrong I just
eat and no curly whirly thing I just
play live on your on your finger
yeah no no no no spar Samak try it try
that that would be nicely the
strawberries oh it's good innit Nona we
went to this like this winter's farm and
they sell all these kind of stuff it's
like so sweet
yeah I know it's probably done as
likewise my favorite one we're going
through trying to every single source
yeah yeah and the source is the same
same taste versus more with source
I just told mum I might be getting a
tattoo what today you got the glasses on
you got your chains on you turn into a
rapper where you get a tattoo on your
face your beard protect you don't fail
at some point my life yeah we're just to
try out be visible that's what I said I
just want to see what it feels like
[Laughter]
yeah mum why get your ears pierced
that's not I bought years you can change
your earrings and you get the whole yeah
what I say your hole wouldn't grow over
now though so open it
Louis from knowing mum there's a box
within a box within a box it'd be
something
see we have the same conversation every
time new old you get a Zowie your
highest person I recognize that I reckon
it's a brother for Allen oh here's
another because why else would would she
be there very very together no I don't
hear the dog hole on the top if it was a
dog for a badger basically mum mum
bought it for herself and so actually
taking of that for a birthday know what
it is vegetable carrier is that what
they put is that what Moses got paid and
sent down the Nile is it preparing bed
Union right gone calf which Peter
sprouts narrator oh nice
wait does a nice yeah mom that's really
cute I love I could take it when I gave
yeah just say no you know your turn old
yeah would you say everyone take this
old yeah you did
oriane thirty years old thing is though
when he gets that a just works likes you
yeah it's gone from it's gone from step
CDs to bounce an equivalent rugs hug we
just went out for lunch
and I actually forgot to film it but we
went to marmalade Oh help me jump mums
just giving us awesome Easter egg so she
got Friday one for Alfie and an orange
Smarties one for me delish hopefully
tastes of orange thanks mum yeah you
need to sit on your so go right down
right down on your tiptoes yeah that's
it I'm gonna capture get every time for
them
so go get some momentum three two one
oh good okay and then it's tricky in it
I learned lift as well I don't have to
do a recall lift oh did you lift okay
so you've got so got this here and then
you give me your Bassett bat leg over
the shoulder over the back so Alfie and
Zach have gone out to hobby crafts
because they really wanted to do some
like arts and crafts so me and mum have
requested a paint-by-numbers which I
don't think I've done since I was like
11 which I'm actually quite excited to
do but in the meantime I really fancy a
bath you know you're like exactly it's a
noise you know you're like oh I just
want to get really cozy and warm and I
just really fancy a bath so I'm gonna
have a little bath probably just a
shallow one a couple of bubbles maybe
read a bit of my book and then hopefully
by the time they arrive I'll be all done
and we'll be ready to paint by numbers
I'm excited
but miss last time you did a
paint-by-numbers
I did I painted one and then I remember
you just kept it in the wardrobe and I
thought you would frame it what's it off
then I thought you threw it away ah
that's cute
my plan is right now okay
out of the bar that was just what I
needed
though I mentioned this brand briefly on
my insta stories recently and actually
lots of you have been asking me about it
and have recommended it to me in the
past but which is why it's a brand that
I was like super happy to work with this
part of the vlog is kind of sponsored by
native and I am talking to you in this
section of the video as I'm about to put
it on my native deodorants native
deodorants are vegan cruelty free free
of any sulfates parabens and also free
of aluminium I am generally a aerosol
deodorant gal and actually a few years
so many of you have been like you really
shouldn't be using that on your armpits
and I'd know I just felt a little bit
like I hadn't found anything that I felt
worked until I actually tried this I
love it I love that it's really gentle
it feels really nourishing but also they
smell great so the ones that I currently
have I've got cucumber and mint which is
nice for a fresh pit lavender and Rose
and coconut vanilla which is actually my
favorite one which I've been using every
day so that's the one I'm gonna go for
today don't mind me every now and I see
myself in the viewfinder and I very
quickly think I have no top on because
this is almost skin colored there we go
so native are currently doing an offer
where you can build your own
pack of deodorants which are usually $30
a pack but I actually have a code which
you can use which is Zoey and I'll leave
a link in the description box and that
gets you 20% off the build your own
packs so it's a really great deal if
you've not tried them before and you
want to give them a go and you can test
out lots of different fragrances as well
so I will leave all that information in
the description box but as I said the
discount code is Zoey so a lot of you
might be watching this going I'm pretty
sure she just said dollars maybe that
means it's only available in the US no
they actually do free shipping to the US
Australia Canada the UK France Brazil
and Germany so there's a lot of
countries that they will send too so if
any of you want to try it or you know
see if you like it I love it I think
it's great they haven't asked me to say
this but I just wanted to show you
because I just think these are the
cutest thing I've ever seen but also
genius when you don't want to be taking
this I don't know out to the gym more I
mean I don't go to the gym but if you go
to the gym and you take your deodorant
with you you might not want to take that
look at their minis they are so cute and
I actually have one in pumpkin spice
latte fragrance which smells great also
anyway I'm gonna head downstairs now I
might put a little bit of all I might do
a face mask can you do a pay by numbers
under a face mask at the same time yes
I'm gonna do a little touch-up face mask
what do I follow spoolie
there we go I love these things they're
like little spatulas that can help you
put your face mask on
if you're wondering what this space mask
is it's the catcher violet C radiance
mask I love this mask it really does
make you feel a bit more glowy feel like
did I mention anywhere but I came off my
pill recently I'm not sure if I did or
not but I've come off my pill recently
because when I had my second smear test
um
the lovely day mom would you mind
getting that thank you
the lovely Jenny said that it might be
my pill causing me to bleed at my
service miss she said it could just be
that there's a bit too much estrogen
because of the pills as she said just
come off it and see what happens so I
came off it and I was kind of dreading
my my skin going wild because I mean I
don't know it's a lot of me having
clearer skin is down to those other
things I've changed all the antibiotics
I went on or if it was or if my pill
kind of helped so easily I'm gonna die
and this month right before my period
which is still June right around the
corner and don't I know it
you just you become much more
premenstrual and you're not a pill I
kind of forgot what that was like I had
my first big massive hormonal eruption
on my chin and I just was not expecting
that at all and I was like
I've had clear skin for so long I really
did take it for granted and I can't even
knew it would happen because you know
there's hormones and a pill you don't
really know how they affect you until
you can see but yeah it's not too bad I
am I have it it was there it was massive
but then it did go away very very
quickly like even today it's way less
than it was yesterday so I think we're
still good in terms of my skin
mostly behaving even I've come off the
pill but yeah pill chat over which
wasn't where I thought this was going to
go but you know just how these things
happen sometimes now I'm gonna go
upstairs and scare everybody with this
Hey look at me I don't like grape so it
turns out we've got ultimate craft club
going on everyone's doing something
different latias crocheting Oh
embroidering sorry Alfie is getting the
Christmas decorations out I've skewed
the box he's doing tie-dye Zac is doing
what's it called Zac something's broken
and you put I it's there it goes up that
side I think oh no no it doesn't there's
too many little pieces I need to figure
this out oh and then me and mum have got
our paint by numbers mine's a pug
naturally I'm doing a Labrador eat what
the rubber bands for Oh for the tide I
gotcha
and I actually can't remember the name
of what this is called that Zac's doing
but it's where you glue something
together and paint it with gold and it
has a really nice meaning behind it
which I'm not explaining very well
traditional kintsugi
this is fun right stop cancer gay oh
there we go
[Music]
it's a lot in Zach have gone home and
mums gone up to bed but I thought I
would just quickly show you how far we
got with some of the creative stuff we
were doing so this is my
paint-by-numbers how cute and then this
is mums which I have to say is far more
intricate than mine she's got a lot more
tiny tiny tiny little things I did
discover that the ones that have arrows
pointing into the spaces because they're
so tiny you want to do those first
because once you paint over what is
meant to be you don't know anymore
what's meant to go in there but Alfie's
hoodies look pretty damn cool he
bleached this one it's gonna focus there
we go and then put dye on this one but
yeah they look pretty cool I think that
one's my favorite one I actually loved
doing that I left my phone's upstairs
and I didn't even think about checking
them or doing anything for a solid how
long will must we've been doing that for
two hours maybe hour-and-a-half so it
was really nice just to be doing
something that required absolutely no
brain power or thinking about other
things or I know I loved it
and sometimes I get a bit stuck if I
just have a plain piece of paper and
like a pen or a paintbrush I don't
actually know what to do and then I get
bored quickly but when you're following
a paint-by-numbers you can't really go
wrong you just focus on trying to do
what it's telling you to do which I
really like so if you need a new
mindfulness activity I highly recommend
a paint-by-numbers how do you feel about
your tie-dye I think I can get better at
tie-dye as my first ever attempt
um I know my mom's gonna watch this we
did when you were kids even that since I
can remember
currently I'll prefer my bleach one I
like the bleach one but I think once I
make because the one thing with the
tie-dye that I didn't do is I didn't
make the colors exactly how I want it
diluting them and stuff yes what I've
done in time and what you read my
YouTube you were doing that and instead
of just being like Oh green blue yellow
they're making like the past only green
oh nice where's mine at the moment I
like bright green bright yellow yeah so
I think once I like mix up the colors
more and I like try some different
patterns different styles I think it'll
be bangin I might do one with you it's
quite a fun thing to do in summer
because you could just put it outside do
you know what I mean right
yeah but we are probably gonna chill now
for a bit
eat some biscuits I'm getting a really
bad headache I can feel it coming so I
might need a little neck massage but I
will see you tomorrow
hey good morning happy Sunday mum and I
are about to make some Easter biscuits
we're going to use the recipe from
cordially invited there it is and we're
gonna ice them and decorate them and eat
some ready we'll probably um some
cheese's okay first thing we need to do
then is would you mind grabbing me one
of the balls in the very corner that one
yeah separate the egg yolk from the egg
white do you want to do that like you
know you do that mix together the butter
icing sugar and vanilla and egg yolk
okay I don't need to weigh out that
because this is 250 grams
but is in then you need to add icing
sugar vanilla
okay so vanilla extract is two teaspoons
140 grams of icing sugar add that in
cream the mixture together until it's
mixed and add in the flour a little bit
at a time okay so I'm going to do this
quite low
[Applause]
that's all mixed now let's add a plain
flour so you want 375 grams or plain
flour
[Applause]
okay once it all comes it's all combined
Oh Phil that feels lovely gorgeou and
pop him in the fridge for 30 mins 30
minutes is up
come on ma let's get rolling
[Music]
[Music]
because this is quite a you hold it
short yeah it's a very short pastry you
have to use quite a bit of flour and you
have to cut them quite thick but they
will be delicious when they're done oh
sorry I didn't need you yeah but thanks
I don't like it when they do that I'm
here so we've done ducks eggs bunnies
good old mixture but yes just make sure
you are rolling it with a little flour
and that you're cutting it quite thick
so it's time to do the icing you can
either follow the recipe for royal icing
that's in the book where you use normal
powdered sugar powdered icing and egg
white all which I didn't realize until
last year you can actually buy royal
icing sugar next to the other icing
sugar there's different types this is
the one you need the royal icing so I'm
going battery I think it is because
they're more of like a shortbread
biscuit so we need 225 grams
- oh my god that would have really
ruined their important so for doing like
outline and just as general piping you
want it to be a bit like toothpaste
consistency which I don't think this is
this is still quite it's not quite
toothpaste II do I have to add a bit
more icing yes
okay I'm gonna mix some colors now the
battery's running out but we've just
done all the Pat's cool colors we've got
pink white a mint green a lilac and a
pastel yellow I'm just putting the noose
if I come back smoothly and I it's now
time to ice the biscuit
[Music]
and we're done
don't they look brave are you happy with
them no no our piping yeah
to be fair this icing I think was
probably a little bit loose and I
snipped the piping bags a bit wide so
they weren't quite hard yeah but yeah
these are all our little Easter biscuits
and we've selected two that we didn't
like as much one cross-eyed rabbit one a
purple purple dog that we're gonna eat
so we can try them but the rest we're
gonna take some pictures of tomorrow but
they look great
