good morning it's the weekend Sun is out
birds are singing taking Nala route side
to the toilet this morning actually woke
up fairly early me now if we went to bed
quite late last night well it was late
for me it was like midnight I still wake
up really early oh my god it's so nice
it's meant to be 20 degrees tomorrow
which surely is the hottest day of the
year so far what are you eating
oh no she eats rabbit poo which is funny
because Alfie asked me to bring him up a
bowl of Nesquik and nylons obviously
getting her fair share I can halo the
geese yes monthly 20 degrees tomorrow so
I mean I don't know what your wild
weekend plans are but I don't know maybe
we'll come and have like a little picnic
in the garden or something make the most
of it sit and read a book outside I
really like starting my day off like
this
I think birdsong is one of my favorite
things ever it just instantly makes me
feel so like relaxed I love it
can you use yesterday mia now if he were
actually woken up by a woodpecker
pecking on the side of our house which I
didn't know they did haha that was funny
and so much louder than I would have
thought good girl
start the weekend I hope you're all
doing okay and I'm about to go make
breakfast I actually have no idea what I
look like because the sun's so bright I
can't see a little puffy I'd might put
some eye masks on I keep them in the
fridge so they're really cold which is
mad
I just wore out these Crocs in the
garden look at this fashion
do you accept it
[Music]
these are my favorite they're the Peter
Thomas Roth hyaluronic cloud hydrogel
eyepatches water drench they come in a
little pot like this and you just get
loads especially nice if they fit in the
fridge these things always look massive
on my face
in the fridge no take alfea's tea and
cereal up I'm having a yoghurt but then
I think I'm gonna come down and make a
bow an egg on toast in a bit I always
feel like I look like an owl like this
good morning everybody it's now Sunday
and I'm not gonna lie Saturday turned
out to be a bit of a write-off because I
came down here as you saw got a fees
breakfast went back up to bed made
breakfast put my mask some and then I
played Animal Crossing all day I did do
a little bit of editing to be fair but
it was mostly just the day of animal
crossing and I just don't know how
exciting that is to film to be honest so
we had a proper full-on lazy Saturday
and that was our day but I decided to
make a little bit of effort this morning
I think because yesterday I made zero
effort and played a game all day I feel
like today I want to really make the
most of the day it's sunny as I said
yesterday it's a bloody gorgeous day
today so I thought what would me an hour
fee be doing if we were in normal
circumstances on a beautiful sunny
Sunday we'd probably be going out for
breakfast so I thought I would bring the
going out to breakfast here and because
it's such a beautiful morning I guess
out on the table outside and make a
breakfast so I've told him you can't
come downstairs yet because I want to
set it up and I want to cook it so
that's what we're doing
she bought this dress to wear on holiday
it's from Urban Outfitters it's so
pretty
we really love it I've been wearing a
lot of them very springy outfits which
has been keeping me in a much
and these earrings are quite something I
don't know if I love them or feel like
they're a bit much but they're like
sunburst earring but no I don't know if
they're the sort of thing you wear with
just a bikini so that these are the
statement I've known who cares
okay that's breakfast I can wear what I
want the first thing I'm gonna do is set
up a table outside I think I'm just
gonna do it on the table it's already
there we do have this small round table
in here and I could open the doors and
do it inside but I just think it would
be nice to do outside as long as there's
no spider web because no spider webs
like in a week a duster out oh I don't
think there is actually okay I'm gonna
say you got somewhere and I'm gonna deck
out table
[Music]
so far also did you notice in that
lovely time-lapse got socks and slippers
to keep my ankles on little pillow
popped place my knife and fork I'm gonna
put like salt and pepper and condiments
on this put some orange juice and ice in
there cut some pretty daffodils and pop
them in this bars and that's about all
I've done so far because I want to put
the actual breakfast on the plates
before I bring it out okay now I'm gonna
start on the actual breakfast I think
I'm gonna do gonna do a very I'm gonna
do Tomatoes I'm gonna do halloumi I
think beans and a bit of hummus
basically the breakfast I always do and
love a lot halloumi hamas fo eggs
tomatoes beans
[Music]
breakfast is served
I hope you're hungry I've heard there's
this new restaurant yeah the restaurants
got bloody love the view hasn't it
isn't it so nice out I made you a coffee
too but the steamer didn't work so it's
just cold milk right
Bon Appetit your interest no I didn't
write that we didn't have enough oranges
Oh mmm I'm not at halloumi ages since
the last time I did this but my Bey yeah
I'm so excited I didn't put any smoked
paprika in yours because I didn't know
if you'd want it or not but I've put
some balsamic here and some pepper if
you want any yeah couple of them yeah
you're currently wedged in a bush yeah
you are ah it's working
yeah then if you're gonna be in shock
let me try it in this part of the bush
that looks like a good shot there look
at that
[Music]
has been had did you like that there's
the best breakfast so far you're in
isolation yeah obviously I do like to
like make nice breakfast but we hadn't
done it in a while and it was one of
those days where I woke up and I was
like if this wasn't going on I would a
hundred percent but let's go for
breakfast oh wait we can't so it was
nice to get outside and do that I
realized as I was saying earlier this is
a dress I bought for Maldives didn't get
to wear
Alfie's also wearing an outfit today but
you bought for holiday 19Â° it's so nice
outside this is my favorite weather you
know when it's too hot you can't really
sit out in it but this is my favorite if
the UK would like this every day of the
year that would just be my absolute
dream not too hot this would just be
wouldn't I love it a tiny little breeze
anyway I got sidetracked um I said to
Alfie I was going through and I was like
I think I bought some little skinny
sunglasses for holiday so I whacked
those on as well I don't know if I like
them or if I can pull them off but I'm
wearing them anyway because it's sunny
and I was like maybe throughout the day
I'll just put on a few more of the
holiday outfits that I had that I didn't
get to wear so that you guys can see
them and I can feel good wearing them
now the sun's out I also don't know how
long this weathers gonna last so I feel
like I need to make the most of like
wearing some of the outfits I bought so
yeah if you see my outfit change
throughout this video I'll be sure to
let you know just so that I can reroute
fits I didn't get to wear did I already
say this one's from Urban Outfitters I
think I did but now we've got the music
blaring we've obviously paused it Wow
music blaring Alfie's on the slap line
and I am gonna Hoover with my trusty
handheld shark and the tiny pointy
attachment where are you off to
and I'm gonna Hoover out the so for a
bit because obviously we've not sat on
these since last summer so there's some
leaves and twigs and things just down in
the crack so I'm gonna get that out
[Music]
there's a really massive spider like
crawling around in here so I'm gonna
find a little bush to emptiness in even
though I'm absolutely terrified of it
I must have sucked it up from the crack
in the sofa and it's really ow it's
still alive I'm gonna sort my toenails
out now probably not
they're delicious content you want to
see that it's gotta be done I've looked
at my toenails in a long time
[Music]
this is Oh could you just read the label
for me out it's a brand but I got it on
ASOS but I don't remember the brand name
rahi rap rahi uh H no sorry aah I
brought hey I'll stand up and give you a
little shot of it in a second but Alfie
made us a Moscow Mule which I've been
really enjoying recently you know I'm
not really one for an alcoholic beverage
but a Moscow Mule is very refreshing I
like that you can't taste the alcohol
it's got ginger beer in it I love it oh
really
as you saw we just did a little video
call with Alfie's family that was nice
have a little Sunday catch-up all right
let me show you this dress it's got
little patchwork fit I really like it
very pretty is that okay or am i a bit
backlit bit back isn't it it's just
gonna have to do I'm just get really
close so on Saturday Friday maybe it was
yesterday oh my god Friday myself and
Alfie filmed a little edgy TV making the
go-to cookies if we ever want to be a
bit indulgent and have a proper treat
which for me is a lot of the time we
make these cookies they are Tanya Birds
recipe lovely gorgeous Tanya and we've
been making them I mean we used to go to
Tom's house even back in Norwich and we
would all make these all the time and
they're just the best cookies you will
ever taste in your life they're chunky
gooey heart-stopping cookies and we made
some so that will be going up on IG TV
probably in a bit I have two others that
I want to put up before that so sorry
it's a little bit of a tease and I
didn't actually make them for the vlog
this time as well as an IG TV only
because we've made them over the years
so many times so go and make sure you
watch that I actually filmed it with
Alfie they're super easy but I've just
so we made them two days ago here's one
they're pretty big and you eat them
originally when you first baked them you
let them cool for like half an hour but
then they're still kind of warm and a
bit like gooey so on the days following
you making them if you whack them in the
microwave for like 15 to 20 seconds you
get there so you ready
I literally just want to do this for a
video I'm scared I'm going to spill it
everywhere okay cookie I shall do it
this way all gooey and runny and melty
look at that so I'm just eating one of
those mmm as I said if you've been
watching these blogs for a while you
would have seen me make these a lot of
times it's just nothing like it in the
world
that's so good ah hope you're doing okay
today um I really feel for people who
don't have an outside space today like
not even a tiny bit of something to sit
in I've just been feeling very lucky all
day what about chocolate my teeth just
moving I'm very lucky
all day that we have a garden saying
that I feel very lucky that we have
outdoor space on a sunny day like this
because it just must be so hard for
people you can't just sit outside today
and especially if they've got kids
imagine like young ones not
understanding like mommy why can't we go
outside I know almost feel guilty like
sitting outside you don't feel guilty I
know but you know I mean oh my god look
at the moon what the hell is usually out
at this time of day what's the time five
o'clock any time I ever see the moon
like purposefully see an animal cross it
I'm not gonna lie every time I see a
butterfly I'm like in my head I'm not
wasn't that actually haven't really play
animal crossing much today at all I'm
getting withdrawal symptoms I need to go
back with animal crossing do I have
chocolate on my teeth I don't know if I
do I should be eating dinner right now
it's dinner time but you know when was a
massive bird what is that you know when
you just feel like you need to eat
something sweet instead of dinner maybe
you don't know I get that a lot
I have a real sweet tooth I don't think
you'd ever have guessed that I do hope
you've all had a good Sunday I feel like
I'm just rambling now like you're here
like we're friends just catching up over
a cookie I'm gonna hate editing this I
don't know why I'm still filming I'm
gonna go by your lens looks a little bit
dirty
[Music]
[Laughter]
