good morning everybody it's Monday I
actually don't remember the last day I
flogged I feel like it was Monday last
week so I didn't really talk much as you
know because I was trying to finish up
the book so every spare bit of the day I
had where I didn't have meetings or
things going on I was writing and I had
to fully get my head into finishing and
like getting these chapters done and
then I had a very social media free
weekend I think I'm consuming a lot more
social media and some days that's really
helpful and I love it and it just feels
very normal and other days I think I'm
spending too much time on social media
and I find it starts affecting me like
negatively so I had a bit of a weekend
of social media free time I think we
forget because we're in this weird like
lockdown bubble that consuming a lot of
social media isn't great for our minds
anyway even though I feel like it's the
one thing that's kind of keeping a lot
of people saying there is still a thing
as too much social media or time spent
on social media and I kind of forgot
that a bit because it was all I was
consuming because every day that's where
everyone is and it's it's a way for us
to all stay connected but at the same
time
I basically reminded myself and here's
your reminder too about having days
where you're not on social media is also
good for good for the soul good for the
mind and so at the weekend I pretty much
I mean I used my phone for like
facetimes and stayed in contact with
friends and family and stuff but I
wasn't really on social media and it was
quite a nice break to be honest but now
it's Monday I've got one chapter left
and Amy's already done her chapters like
I said so I have one more
I'm I'm in my head I'm like I think I'm
definitely gonna have that finish by
Wednesday that's what I'm telling myself
anyway kind of excited I mean you know
it's gonna be a bit weird obviously
we've we've still got a lot of editing
to do and we have to send it off to our
editor and then I think me and Amy are
gonna spend like a week just going
through it page by page just making sure
that you know we feel that the story
makes sense and there's not things we
feel we've missed or etc etc but yeah
once I've done this chapter that's it
we've we've done the bulk of the whole
thing anyway you join me on the bathroom
floor because I am gonna do that sort
out that I mentioned I haven't done it
yet I'm gonna pull everything out of
these cupboards and everything out of
these cupboards this plant doesn't look
too happy I'm going to sort it out
basically I'm gonna get rid of anything
that I feel like has expired or that I'm
never gonna use and I'm gonna be really
fussy about it one of the things that I
have done since we've been in lockdown
is I've not ordered any new beauty
products the only thing I have ordered
was my toner which I think I mentioned
that's the only thing I ordered because
when that ran out I actually was like I
haven't ordered anything new and that is
because I'm consciously going to that
gusto that is because I am consciously
trying to use up everything that I have
already and using this as an express to
try things I've not tried yet and
actually give products are really good
testing and if I don't use a product
during lockdown when am I ever gonna use
it let's see well and if you've got a
little area of your house you've been
putting off sorting out I hope this
gives you the motivation that you needed
I do like to use the old Marie Kondo
does it spark joy are you really
Yuli going to test 7 eye creams in the
time that they all run out probably not
so yeah I'm gonna be ruthless and if
you're wondering where the products go
once I have made piles of products that
I no longer need if something has gone
out updates it will be more Papi's
ringing me if something wanna update
you'll be recycled or thrown away
depending on the packaging and if not I
make piles for women's shelters homeless
shelters and friends and family charity
there are lots and lots of different
options that you can give I think before
throwing anything away it's always good
to think somebody else what this or need
this or use this that's what I'm gonna
be doing getting it all out sorting it
all out I'll probably do a mixture of
time-lapses and chatty because I'm going
to be putting onto them like videos
listen to in the background and stuff so
let's get started look at this man I
ordered this on an Instagram ad they get
me every time with like the most random
[ __ ] I ordered it like week one into
lockdown literally or maybe like week
two because the keys on my laptop was
sticking so that letters and it was
driving me mad and I just and I saw this
and I was like just like so satisfying
I'd love to write my book with that
keyboard so I order the keyboard so many
boxes it's like blooming Russian doll so
yeah I couldn't even tell you the
company a jazz it's a pink
it's pink typewriter keyboards bye um
I'm not sure why I ordered this but
they're in the advert the keys look
really satisfying we'll see we'll see
how we get on that took five weeks but
got one chapter left what are the
chances I get to write my last chapter
oh this is everything that was in the
cabinet and I know for sure I can get
rid of at least half of this that's my
aim anyway right let's go
I don't know what which side to start on
but oh my god also just realized I have
this whole bag of skincare from the PIO
box which I've brought back just before
lockdown started should probably sort
through this as well
[Music]
sort it into my keep pile my donates
give to friends giveaway pile a rubbish
pile and then a pile of like tiny minis
that I can put with like my travel stuff
I haven't gone through make up bits yet
and I've got a little pile of like fake
tan and stuff so now I'm going to go
through these drawers because I know
there's stuff in here that I don't need
or use all that have been in there for a
really long time so I'm gonna get all
that out and also start sorting that as
well because some of the stuff that was
in that cupboard and this bag were face
masks which I keep in here and body
lotions can hear not snoring I was
trying to be really ruthless but looking
at my keep pile I just get so excited
about things I've never tried before
it's much easier to go through things
that have been in the cupboard for ages
and I've not touched but going through
the bag of stuff from the PA box was too
exciting I also want to research a few
of the different brands that I've not
seen before or used before see what
other people think of them see what the
reviews are like and if they're really
good then I'll probably give some of
them a try but I think I need to put
like a deadline on things if I'm trying
new products from new brands how long
should I give myself before I'm like do
I love this product am I gonna keep
using this product is this something I
would recommend like it's hard to know
because with skincare you have to give
you have to give it a while before you
can notice it making any changes to your
skin so generally I just go on Caroline
Hiram's blog he's been doing a lot of IG
TVs recently on different skin care
subjects I've been really enjoying those
and any brands that I've noticed pop up
quite a lot when she's talking about
things I've kept because I'm like I've
seen that brand she's talked about that
brand a lot I'm gonna give that a try
but I was still trying to be ruthless in
terms of actual product like I kept way
less moisturizers I'm quite happy with
the moisturizer that I'm using at the
moment so even if it's a brand I'm
excited to try or a brand I've never
tried before the reality is I'm probably
not going to use the moisturizer because
I'm really happy with what I've
currently got and I find moisturizers to
be the most tricky so in terms of
moisturizers I was getting rid of quite
a lot in terms of things like toners
which I've more recently come to love
again I've kept quite a few of those
I've kept quite a few different face
masks that sound really great and a lot
of like acids and serums resurfaces
retinols things like that not very many
I creams because let's be real I always
forget that step in my skincare so
having multiple versions of different
eye creams is justice I mean they're
never going to get used so yeah I feel
like I've been picky in terms of what
products I've decided to keep but oh
I've also kept a lot of cleansers
obviously I do the double cleanse so
I'll always do a makeup remover cleanse
and then I'll do a secondary cleanse to
clean the skin I love trying out
different cleansers I feel like there's
no harm in trying something new so I've
kept a couple of oil cleansers I will go
through once I've got it all up in the
cupboard I'll give you guys a little
rundown and then show you specifically
what things I already use in love and
what things are new and exciting and
things I really want to try or that
looks really great so then you get a
general idea but yeah I'm gonna make a
start on these and it's lunchtime now so
I'm kind of hungry but it's one of those
things where I don't want to stop now
I've made a start because it's such a
mess and I feel like if I stop now I
finished those drawers I have cleared
out so much stuff stuff that I didn't
even realize I still had in the drawers
isn't that really bad stuff right at the
back so now I'm gonna start putting
stuff back in the cabinets just trying
to think of an order or some sort of I
don't know arrangement as you can see
you may have seen from the time-lapse
some of these shelves are so high up
that I actually can't reach them so I
only put things on the first two shelves
I'm not too sure why we decided to have
like an 8-foot shelf in the bathroom
in fact 9 foot it's almost near the
ceiling it doesn't really make a lot of
sense and nobody can reach that mark
could reach up there so I feel like
that's a bit of a waste of space I don't
know if there's anything we don't use as
much I can put up there or you might
think I was stepping on this little room
I wouldn't take the stepladder it's just
2 steps but we use it downstairs in the
pantry I don't know whether I just need
to order another one and just sort it
under here but I just I don't know I
just don't think
look very nice unless I use it somewhere
as like a feature and put things on it
and then if I need to use it I can step
on it but I just know if I put something
on those shelves I'll be doing this
again in like six months and I'll be
throwing away the products I put on that
shelf because there's no way I would
have used them gonna put all these back
up there and then we're almost done
[Music]
it's currently four minutes past six and
I've just finished that was a task of
epic proportion but I did not expect to
take so long but it has it's literally
been non-stop but every cupboard has
been emptied every drawer has been
tidied and emptied and I have got rid of
so much stuff that I wasn't using that
had gone out of date or that I just had
tons of repeats for so I popped those in
a pile to go elsewhere and this is the
finished kind of area I've still got my
makeup to sort out but that's like half
upstairs half down here and that is
again gonna be quite an epic task but
for now I'm really happy with how it's
looking so so here we've got everything
that I use on pretty much a daily basis
I know this looks so ugly but there's
like the tiniest bit left so I thought
if I keep it out I mean by this evening
that will probably be gone so we can
recycle him I've got like my jewelry and
my hair bands toothbrush cotton pads and
then my eye cream my serum my night
cream three different cleansers because
I usually use my Liz Earle cleanser
first and then I'll use the Ostia
Renaissance cleanser or the glossy a
milky jelly cleanser with my foreo and
this is a little mouthwash thing I quite
like it so I'm keeping it then I've got
my embryo Lee's concentrate which is my
moisturizer which I love and my doctor
robots oops my doctor roebucks
lifesaver skin brightening toner so
those things I pretty much use most days
but when I'm feeling adventurous I kind
of wish I'd done it before because
I had absolutely no rhyme or reason and
was full of stuff I wasn't using so now
we have a bit of order going on so this
side I've got all other cleanses I've
got a backup of the glossier and a
couple that I really want to try I've
got my EMA Hardy's got two of those love
that I've got a doctor of roebucks one I
want to try a Ren one bareMinerals
Paula's Choice the drunk elephant one I
don't actually know if I like that or
not so I'm gonna give that a few goes I
don't remember I feel like I have tried
it I just I don't remember if I liked it
or if I didn't so we'll keep that there
for now then I've got a couple of mists
gotcha this one by a brand called decree
which I've not used before and then a
bareMinerals one then I've got a couple
of cleansing oils bare minerals and tula
skincare and then tanning so you've got
tan luxe self tan drops that Askia
London adaptive tan missed and Garnier
Ambre Solaire natural bronzer self tan
mist which I have been using since I
think I was about 14 and then this is
what I've been using on my brows to try
and fill in the gaps it's revita brow
I've left it for now just because when I
use that my eyebrow growth everywhere
else is also like doubled and since we
can't go and get our brows done I've
left that because otherwise my brows
would be just joining down my face and
through the middle which they're on
their way to doing anyway but I just
I've kind of laid off that for a bit up
here we've got the toners some of the
ones I like using and then on this side
I guess it's like night treatments and
masks and things are a bit more like
heavy duty for the evening so that's
that and then the two shelves which no
one can reach like that top shelf is
literally ridiculous
I can't even reach this well let alone
that one so stupid anyway that's that I
do need to clean the mirror that's one
thing I didn't do I did clean like all
the sink and everything but I did not
clean the mirror okay switched out the
perfumes I always like to leave perfumes
in the bathroom because a lot of people
actually do use them so I've switched
them out for these Jo Malone I can't
remember the name of this collection but
I love these bottles so much they're so
pretty right in here we have down here
serums lots of different things in here
the loom n ones I absolutely love I've
got some glossier ones from drunk
elephants some Ola Henriksen Doctorow
bucks
Sunday Riley allies of skin basically
allies of skin at the moment although a
very expensive brand
I am absolutely loving so many of their
products they're great a couple of eye
creams and then some oils
I literally have three oils I'm not the
biggest like fan of a face oil I know
you are supposed to use them and those
are the ones I reach for when I do but
I'm not going to live not used to face
oil in a while look at me I'm on the
stool
okay then up here these are all the like
exfoliating retinol acid type products
I've not tried a lot of these a lot of
these are quite new so I'm excited to
give those a go got Paula's Choice
hyaluronic acid booster a tular Pro
glycolic resurfacing gel the Kate
Somerville liquid exfoliate Paula's
Choice exfoliator and the drunk elephant
retinol which I've heard is is this the
one that's quite strong I think it is
I've not tried it yet and then a couple
of other things
Oscar liquid mask lactic acid micro feel
so that's kind of like more hardcore
exfoliating products
then just moisturizers hair all that can
go here yeah so we've just got day cream
ultra light hydrating day cream another
umbria Lee's another doctor Roebuck some
tattoo harp and some tool and some drunk
elephant and that's it and then up here
is when Steve's alexia last stayed round
I let them borrow this bamboo toothbrush
not borrow but I have it was I don't
know where I got it I think I got it
free with something it's a panda brush
because they forgot their toothbrush so
that is now where I put my guest
toothbrushes and I wrote their name on
it because you know you don't want
anyone else using it next time they come
and stay if they happen to forget that
dude brush that's where that lives but
yeah it obviously feels like there's
still a lot of product hello but I would
honestly say that about a third of what
there was so oh my god this is very
wobbly I'm really happy with that and
also it was just nice to be able to like
clearly see what I have and haven't
gotten what I really want to use so yeah
that is the skincare done I shoved all
my makeup in here I need to sort my
makeup I've also just like cleaned
everywhere and just made everything look
a bit nicer little faux plant a little
flip folk Lantz and candles I had a lot
of bubble baths that were so almost
empty it's kind of painful so I've put
them all upside down and I'm gonna make
a little concoction maybe tonight or in
a couple of baths there's like the
tiniest amount left but I was like I'm
gonna get my money's worth before I
recycle the bottles so that's why
they're all there upside down these I
have to say took longer than this I
don't really change these up much I was
getting every shower gel whether I
bought it whether I received in my peer
and I was throwing it in here same with
moisturizers saying with shampoos and
conditioners same with face masks this
whole thing was a mess so this actually
did take me a lot longer than I thought
but tada this is scrubs and these are
the ones I decided to keep that I knew
was still in date it's funny actually
with scrubs you sort of know if it's in
date by smelling it I feel like they
it's very easy to know if a scrubs gone
off because it will smell funny then
shower gels this was my worst thing I'm
such a shower gel hoarder this whole
thing could barely shut and I just went
to town on it so these are the only
things are kept and obviously the ones
in the shower
this is moisturizers again this would
barely shut I know this is still quite a
lot of moisturizers all also got some
like wash off tans in there as well and
a little lash sleepy dust body shop body
butters I love them so much but
sometimes they are a bit heavy for me
every time I reach my phone crazy every
time I reach for them I am so excited to
put it on and then I feel very sticky so
therefore when my skin is a bit dry but
I do love them so much the Brazilian bum
bum cream which I also love some lizards
and roam alone some will later some
zoella Beauty neon love this this is the
magnesium body butter sends you straight
to sleep
this is also great ameliorate if you
have skin with like red bumps or you
have ingrown hairs this moisturizer is
amazing prove the appearance of bumpy
chicken skin I did not know that's what
it was called but yeah highly recommend
that and then we've got a glossier
that's pretty much
in there up here is far salts and oils
and anything that you put in your bath
basically so you've got a lot of things
that are almost worn some oil some goop
these are so nice the cute ones I just I
don't want to use them too much because
I just I'm aware of how expensive they
are some way chill pill bath bombs
Himalayan salt lots of the neo liquid
yoga I get through this like no tomorrow
the molten Brown bathing oil is also
incredible especially if you have dry
skin in here is like bath bombs so it's
mostly like lush stuff this was a very
dusty draw at remover this one out and
then this is the drawer of everything so
this has got razors fake tan nits shower
caps exfoliating mitts brushes basically
just the drawer of random bathroom stuff
not too much up here face masks
we've got ones in like tubs and tubes
and then like sheep mask hair masks
shampoos and conditioners in that one
and that's it and then this is oh this
is what is currently in my shower I
haven't really done too much to this but
I do want to try and a lot of these
because I choose a different one every
day and a lot of these are just like
half full so I do need to just stick to
one these are all my function of beauty
shampoo conditioner paid partner this is
it sponsored but I work with them and
love their shampoo conditioner I'm just
trying to get the last little bit of
this one and this one and then I have to
and this one upside down I've got my
purple ones back there thankfully I do
have backups because yeah I'm about to
run out they've got a lot of upside down
bottles things that I'm gonna use up and
one very tidy bathroom I hope you
enjoyed that I'll probably end this here
because I feel like this is going to be
very long I hope that inspired you to
sort an area that you've been meaning to
tackle and I see you can see
