good morning everybody another week in
lockdown and I am getting ready and I
just thought I'd start my blog I have
had like the worst lockdown skin which
is a thing all of my chin is broken out
like here yes not great I mean it's
starting to clear up a bit Albert that
was frustrating just what you want
didn't bring my tripod up so I'm just
balanced you on some cotton pads I'm
gonna give my face a little wash I'm
gonna use my laser pens and polish a
[Music]
little bit of my dr. roebucks lifesaver
skin brightening toner
it's got witch hazel aloe vera but I
call it at our max okay now I'm gonna
use some of the lumen Nordic see glow
boost essence and love this stuff this
is my second bottle this way um actually
haven't really been doing anything
differently to my skin since being at
home constantly I haven't really used
anymore face masks than usual or
anything like that the only thing that I
have done differently
hello there we go is not worn makeup as
much which I didn't think would amount
to this maybe the face likes a bit more
of a routine then I'm just gonna put on
a little bit of moisturizer the
moisturizer I've been using which is a
little bit squished is this is the end
really left creme guns inflict terrible
French accent there
yeah that is a the multifunction
nourishing moisturizer for all skin type
okay I'm about to start my makeup I
genuinely don't know if this is going to
work because I'm very backlit so any
minute now
I could go completely dark but I'll stay
here for as long as I can I haven't
really been doing anything differently
with my makeup I do want to sort through
my makeup I feel like now is a very good
time for me to do that
I always forget things have expiration
dates and I've certainly got stuff in my
collection that is far too old older
than Allah and that should not be going
on my face anyone that doesn't know the
expiration date is it's probably not
going to focus now but this little thing
on your products that looks like a pot
with a lid that's opening I think it
might be different on some products and
others so this is twelve months let's be
real I never take twelve months to
finish one of these but different types
of products have different expiration
dates things like cream products don't
last as long skincare check your
skincare
this one's nine months that's not long
to use up a whole thing where you only
really use a tiny bit each time have a
lot of product and there's no way I can
single-handedly get through multiple
nine month products especially more
recently I've really been very careful
with what I'm testing on my skin because
I feel like when my skin was clear I was
really happy with the routine and the
products I had and I was a bit scared to
kind of try anything else just in case
my skin was like my bangs so I have been
very selective with what I tried
therefore I reckon I probably could sort
through my skincare collection and my
makeup collection and just get rid of
things that a are definitely probably
growing a seal of mold on top and B I
just don't think I'll ever use so it's
probably better to pass it on
to somebody who will get more use out of
it starting with a little bit of
collection I really haven't been doing
much different on the days where I have
been wearing makeup it's been either a
juhi by the way these spots aren't
actually like active spots they're just
marks they're disappearing now so if
you're freaking out but I've just put my
concealer straight on my spots don't
worry I also got this a new one out
yesterday so thinking all the things to
clear the face or I've just been doing
this trick with my bare minerals powder
on top which I think is what I'm gonna
do today but sometimes I think
especially at the moment I just feel my
skin feels very dry everywhere like it's
very dry on my body so I've been having
like all the oil baths and moisturizing
within an inch of my life but my skin is
also dry and places and oily in places
so I can't really make up its mind hey
I'm struggling with my hair at the
moment yesterday was the day that Adam
and Sam who are my friends also do my
hair were meant to come and move my
extensions up I think you're supposed to
move them every eight ish weeks it
doesn't matter if you go a little bit
over a reason you do move them up I've
seen quite a lot of people asking me
this like why do you have to move them
up it's because as they grow with your
natural hair because they're glued in as
your hair grows you get this kind of gap
of like natural hair and then extension
and they start sticking out more they're
harder to cover and they just get quite
loose so every time I wash my hair now
I can feel the bond like the glue isn't
as sticky so they're literally hanging
on for dear life
I love having long hair I'm obsessed
with having my extensions I'm not in any
rush for them to come out however I
don't want to leave them like where it
just looks really bad and I also just
I'm aware I just I don't want it to be
bad for my hair or for me to pull on
them or anything but also they're gonna
be so long if they just carry on going
so I'm gonna have to remove those at
some point probably the end of next week
so yeah sad times but not the end of the
world it's just hair in it a little bit
of bronzer literally just the Estee
Lauder bronze goddess this is the makeup
I'll do when I'm not in a rush but like
I'm not being too fussy
when I choose not to make a thing of
actually doing my makeup do you know
what I mean by that you know like when
you've got a new product or something
and you're really excited to do your
makeup and you sit and you like properly
dedicate a good chunk of time to do it I
actually really enjoy doing that
sometimes but at the moment I just feel
like I've got so much to do I just keep
it quiet quick and minimal but somedays
I literally just leave it like this it
does though you depend on what video
calls I've got that day who I've got
meetings with etc etc blusher just using
my NARS one I do think me clearing out
my makeup will kind of make me
rediscover some things that I'd
completely forgotten I had and a couple
of new stuff that came into the PA box
before all this happened and I just
haven't had a chance to look through
so I'm hoping I'll get around to doing
that in this video
Broyles anastasiya beverly hills dipbrow
pomade lots of you ask me the color I
use medium brown I have also set myself
the mission this week to finish the book
Amy's finished her chapters so it's just
me and my four chapters left to be fair
three and a half now I have written some
of the chapter I needed to do if you're
watching this and you don't know what
I'm talking about and you haven't seen
my announcement video with Amy we're
writing a book together with
co-authoring a book called the magpie
Society one for sorrow the thriller bit
dark it's why a so nothing like the girl
online series much darker basically
everything I love in a book and it's
been so much fun to do I really enjoyed
it definitely found it harder to write
now that we're in lockdown for some
reason I thought I would find it easier
actually happen at all I found it much
harder there like because there's more
distractions and not as much routine
like I had my set writing days and I
don't really have those anymore it's
kind of awesome when I can't if you
haven't yet pre-ordered we would love it
if you did and I will leave the links in
the description box to pre-order you can
preorder it from essence which signed
copies from both myself and Amy you can
order them from Waterstones which are
also signed copies WH Smith which are
also signed copies and then you can
always preorder from Amazon but those
are not signed sure there's an
why let me know if you if you have
pre-orders already just doing a wash of
color on my eyelids i'm using the
victoria beckham tweed eyeshadow palette
and just blending it on it looks very
dark because of this lighting it's not
i'd love to know if you're like working
from home or even if you're not working
from home even if you're furloughed or
you aren't at uni or are you still doing
your makeup are you still like getting
up every day and like getting ready
because some days i do and some days I
really don't but I'm just interested to
hear what you're doing and like what
makes you feel better I have to say I
feel much more productive when I get
ready and when I do my makeup than I do
if I don't but somedays if I'm just
sorting and cleaning there's no point
yeah I'm just interested to know what
makes you feel better what makes you
feel productive if you're trying to be
productive I don't for one minute expect
everybody should be being productive
right now because you also allowed to
not be productive but yeah I've just
found it kind of hard to get a bit of
motivation in the last kind of four days
like over the weekend I know you don't
need to be motivated over the weekend
but I just felt like I had so much I
wanted to get done
and I just couldn't bring myself to
start any of them and then I just ended
up just feeling really rubbish and like
guilty for not doing it
I actually put it on my Instagram
yesterday and so many of you have such
great suggestions like lots of you alike
do you hire do you make up get up get
ready for the day always makes me feel
better which I do agree
some some people were saying put on your
favorite playlist to dance around like
force yourself to dance around which I
also loved
I always put s club 7 on when I've got a
big task ahead of me like a big tidy up
or a big sort out of something
I'll put s club on not really like gets
me in the mood to get going lip product
much like my face and my body skin my
lips have been pretty dry I've actually
been wearing a lot of the by Terry Baume
De Rose and it sorted me right out so
they're actually not strive today so I'm
gonna go for a matte lip I just really
love this color it's the color called
exposed done I don't really know what to
do with my hair obviously I'm avoiding
washing it so it's just kind of on me
hair too like this
I need some hair pins I think we can pin
all this we can make something with this
I'm just gonna leave it this will do
today for clothing I've gone for like a
comfy cache so I've got my st. Alon
t-shirt which is a really nice very thin
baggy material I've got my Topshop
cardigan and then I've got a pair of mom
jeans that are my favorite I think mmm
the Topshop ones and these ones on my
favorite this is bdg I think I got these
in Urban Outfitters
but zips broken but I'm wearing them
anyway because it's just Alfie that's
gonna see my fly open so and I guess if
I accidentally there you go see my
makeup looks like I'd really piled it on
in the dark like although I need to sort
out it's actually still quite early I've
been waking up as it's 20 past 8:00 I
can it's not that early anymore but I've
been waking up at like 10 past 6
recently and before I probably would
have forced myself to go back to sleep a
bit but I've just been getting up and
going with it and starting my day a bit
earlier it does mean I get more tired in
the evening but I definitely feel way
more productive and get so much more
done when I actually just get out of bed
and when I've woken up so I don't know
how many of you are the same I know that
a lot of people get that in the evening
like that bursts of like oh my god I
have so much energy I can get so much
done I feel like the light isn't
adjusting very well I have to check my
camera settings Alfie is definitely more
of a nighttime person he gets so much
more done in the evening he's like mr.
productive but at that point I miss
lightly tucked me up in bed and it's a
good night
like I'm done at that point I'm gonna
make some breakfast and check out
exactly how my day is looking so for
breakfast
morning I have decided I want yogurt and
fruit only a bit good you probably can
see my flies and the biggest thing of
honey you will ever see yeah fruit in
York there we go
wait I'm gonna eat my breakfast trying
down there maybe I just watch Arden's
twitch school stream
although I'm pretty sure I mean it's
called bragging about my five-star land
for four hours straight so I don't think
oh it's four and a half hours long I'm
obviously not gonna be able to watch the
whole thing
but I'm really enjoying Arden and
streaming on Twitch right now she's
funny and I love her Island looks weird
my yoga looks bit weird
[Music]
yeah that's great it's been doing a
little bit of editing and I'm about to
head into a creative meeting with the
team which I'm excited about because I
just really miss like working with them
and like seeing them in real life but I
am gonna make myself one of those
coffees is it dog owner dog owner
something coffee and I don't like coffee
and the last one Alfie made me was so
strong it actually gave me a headache so
in my quest to find something that would
satisfy my whipped coffee needs I
basically I found this brand flavor
infused instant coffee the only way I
can ever drink coffee because I don't
particularly like the taste of it I
don't like how better it is is if it has
quite a strong flavor of something else
in it so like lattes I'm okay because
they're really milky but like a caramel
latte latte great can't really taste the
coffee
so I found these the brand is littles
this is gingerbread cookie flavor this
is orange chocolate flavor
this one is chocolate chai Swiss
chocolate and french vanilla yes I got
carried away
I wasn't even all the flavors they had
more but I thought why don't I try the
whipped coffee with this so it has like
more of a flavor to it and I'm also not
gonna do as many as you're supposed to
or maybe I will but I'll put it in the
fridge and just not drinkable so what do
we do two tablespoons of whipped coffee
whipped coffee I'm gonna go to making a
mess I actually don't have long until my
meeting two tablespoons fine it might
not work I don't know guys I tried to do
this with a hot chocolate it didn't work
now here's where the flavoring might
actually make it go a bit wrong because
then you have two tablespoons of sugar
and I feel like there's probably already
a lot of sugar in that to give it its
lovely flavor and to be honest that
could be what gave me the headache it
was just like an instant sugar here
although we all know sugar is in my
veins at this point got me thick or do
we need to do two tablespoons of boiling
water it's not right
I actually have that this are okay Rory
chose by the way was gingerbread cookie
because to me this smells delicious like
coffee it's much every so good it smells
like a gingerbread man okay I'm just
gonna double checking because if I put
too much water in this I'm gonna ruin
their hot water okay to say we're into
hot water okay now I'm gonna mix
look out right let's move that boiling
water I don't have much ice oh and I
made the mistake of getting the ice out
before I made the thing so now pour in
the milk look at that okay there we go
Cheers gingerbread yeah this will you
flies are undone yes brethren I just
really like the jeans yeah okay that's
really good still quite strong it's
definitely still coffee but I love the
added taste of gingerbread mmm well this
will give me an energy boost oh no like
a nice chair and I know she ain't my
line I Daisy hello yeah great how are
you hi
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
little bit later and Alfie and I are
just about to go into our big monthly
meeting which I call the lots occur in
meetings just because it's a chance for
us to like sit down with who do we sit
down with
finance lawyer Maddy business advisor
business advisors and we all just miss
manager office manager and we just chat
through loads of things big important
business e things just more overview
yeah not day to day but monthly monthly
review how's everything going what's
occurring yeah so yeah that's what we're
about to do getting on the video cool
and also my hands are dry AF so I'm
having to put hand cream online every
through an hour at this point fresh
running out smells like a baby yeah it
does isn't it well like so much baby
yeah any of you are wondering it's a
little sample of the lawsuit sir I never
say that rise it lost locks it out I say
lockitron
look look attained very dry skin
intensive hand balm it's not even fully
dark outside I don't even know what the
time is
let me see half eight it's half eight
and Alfie and I are coming up to bed I
just made a full-on roast dinner casual
Tuesday night roast dinner also need to
water this plant it's very sad
yeah just made us a full on roast dinner
now we're coming upstairs and we're
gonna watch too hot to handle which I
don't know if that's a new show on
Netflix or not but those are the girls
are
messaging about it being like oh my god
you have to watch it so we've just
started that feels quite love island D
alike that there's people from loads of
different countries and I'm very
interested to see where this goes
have you seen it what did you think of
it let me know I've also brought some
chocolate chip cookies which are just
found in the cupboard now when you feel
like eating something really specific
like I finished the roast and I was like
I'm not gonna lie do you feel quite full
but I just need something sweet but I
don't want chocolate
I don't want sweets so these and I was
like this is exactly what I want it
might check in on Animal Crossing for a
little bit and then probably just go to
sleep maybe listen to a bit of a podcast
as well
