[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
an unwelcome unpleasant we're not used
to wearing a cat look who's there hi
guys guys it's been more than two months
later until it should be like the
following that no change
Alfie Alfie gets really annoyed when I
make him jump doing the most like
mundane things like rinse my mouth out
in the sink anyway I'm joking oh that's
good fine when the longest amount of
time that mark and I know that Mark and
I haven't seen super friends that we've
not hung out I know captain rip went to
New York had the flow saw Lebanon how do
we be friends for years is it for yeah
feels like a life in the longest I
forgot what they look like
[Laughter]
today's fashion in spy has been taken
from someone very relevant right now I'd
say if you are in to Netflix and and
dramas I'm gonna see if you can guess I
need the coat on really so we've got
my Topshop trousers my shoes ease
soon-to-be my jacket as well I'm going
to get one oh it just looks so nice mm
things a little bit strange round here
people are gonna think stranger things I
love it I just said Tazo it's one of my
favorite outfits she's ever worn
and as well dressing-gown robe modeling
my style off today
can't you modelling yours off of what's
your style in spy I tease Katy Perry
love that with a hint of wham wham bam
thank you ma'am
yeah combos and marks never owned
converse before now no I finally feel
cool you are cool I'm cool now I thought
you were cool when I met you you are
you're not the judge of it other people
are the judge true no one's ever gonna
think that cool I know who things they
call Hey no I just know just know that
cool like kendall Jenner lacy no she's
cool do you think she does
- no Kendall if you're watching so
today's mission of handing out envelopes
to people with all that secrets is about
to commence I've got a bag full of them
currently in Zahra having a little mood
bought some stuff from Urban Outfitters
and the boys are now flipping out this
pravara fragrance but it's only $12.99
but mouth insane that's cheaper than a
bloody Nando's yeah not for Mark my dad
last you how long wait I think you
should both get in but matchy-matchy
fragrance I won't wear it though come to
get my favourite biscuits I'm gonna get
one of these but yeah these are my face
we're back and I've decided for dinner
I'm gonna make us a tomato and
mozzarella naki bake guys I'm just
wearing my escapee ball so I'm just
gonna kind of guess this now I think
that's the best way to cook well
I just make up as I go along that's why
all my dishes ending the shifts first
things first let's chop an onion I can
do that good because they always make me
cry okay right what's a fresh potato
gnocchi a organic peeled plum tomatoes
can I also have some mozzarella also I
have washed my hands by the way yes a
little bit almost fairly certain I
actually bought prophecies meant I hope
you liked it it's not my best but I've
been watching a bit of Gavin is Stacey
I'm usually a little bit better I'm
gonna put a drizzle of olive oil in this
pan because we're going to be frying
onions and a little bit of garlic I
actually bought this because I really
hate garlic I thought that yeah yeah oh
used by the 28th of January
that's a while back can you get your
from Garland yeah
Kanye really badly I think okay maybe we
do that is that because it's been
chopped
yeah there forever last as long exactly
okay well we'll just crush them look
around
oh no the no like yeah oh yeah right hi
hi you put the nokia in there oh nice I
made the most amazing gluten-free roast
potatoes oh gee what it make how do
potatoes have gluten in yeah do they
yeah I think so I don't cuz how do you
get a non-gluten potato all the details
of potatoes I swear they were good brain
did I can you yeah
as a gluten-free potatoes do they exist
oh the simple answer is yes potatoes are
gluten free gluten is a type of protein
found in wheat rye barley and other
grains potatoes aren't grains their type
of starchy vegetable that's good news of
people who clients all right I say thank
you for the song Josh was like banging
just some Italian seasoning whoa that
looks like a proper cozy night food
right adding some grated Parmesan oh
look it Bob Linde it looks like the bog
of eternal
[Laughter]
we're now pouring this Nakia Tuesday Oh
spatula yeah he's hardening oh how good
does this look
it smells really good no is it with that
don't you do it they smell like Big Mac
you can always miss a bit so the malted
energies oh there's cheese in it
what is the big market smell walking
then slicing up some mozzarella him no
that's just gonna be unbelievable here
it is so we've got mozzarella and I've
also I've also ripped up some burrata
pop some basil on the top and some bread
crumbs so I'm just gonna pop this in the
oven now it's been in the oven for about
30 to 40 mins I think and it's looking
good
oh my god guys look how good this looks
what smells amazing
oh look at that
oh you excited look at this out
it smells oh my gosh
don't try well one I bought Oh blue
bottle gummies yeah try one tell me what
you think of the texture don't run them
if you think of it more like a jelly
baby
[Applause]
another father's this one one of these
didn't really sell it to me I mean
they're lovely
anyway what did you think did you like
it yeah it's pretty good I give it 10
out 10
no that's to bother me mark both
finished it I could have had it a little
bit more crossed er I reckon if we left
it in a little long I couldn't wait any
longer
I need it did you see yeah Alfie need to
eat we're now gonna sit down and have a
little game of this the game the game of
life we've had this in our games
cupboard for ages that we've not
actually got it out to play it I saw it
earlier when I was carrying it out and I
was like we should play this it looks
fun and I know a lot of people love it I
actually think I used to have a PC game
of it but we've got it all set out and
we're about to find out what our life is
gonna be I want to retire straight away
no living sent me straight to retire
paydays and I want twins okay let's see
if it works I didn't know that yeah yeah
you can get twins you can get more I
think you can walk away bees do you want
I've loved twins ah to go no two boys
and a girl
mr. triplets so two two boys and the
twins yeah and then a random girl guys
I'm obsessed with this game all of us
we've got lipstick up here go for a
slash Oh
he wishes it was a snake wish I
hope you won that last game but we just
placed our whole game without realizing
that yellow spaces meant you had to pick
up an action card so we're playing it
again fifteen we're like what fifty one
fifty thousand perhaps forgotten pick up
shut up I would have had so many I kept
landing on the yellow spaces okay well I
think this will probably be a more
proactive game be ready yeah to win at
life or lose at life I'm scared what
he's scared of cuz that that game was a
lot more easier it was a really nice
life we all did pretty well we all do
nothing bad happened because we didn't
pick up the action I want to go huh
there's a goat in there somewhere
oh the heads huh where the parents yeah
why can't you get a pet why can't you
get a dog
look there's a donkey here he's tave Oh
also all this stuff must reflect your
life the action cards okay thank you
are you winding me up to skydive how
about 70 guide so many came to skydive I
ain't having this
every single thing you've landed on is
literally past more than life
insurance explain what you've got no why
cancellation which I have to pay 20k for
what's your career I'm a dancer what do
you do on the side look at snail
[Music]
painting on the only toy I've got is a
married and I've been to divine you say
for me
you got swim shorts on okay when I take
70k eighth-highest spin o in 79
between mark and Alfie always doing it
drum go get more than one more 1870 k
guess who won it was i it was not you I
didn't manage to buy a house though
never mind don't need that when you got
seven kids
which is what I ended up having in that
game blimey now it's you in four male
4.16 male yeah I was a good game I
really liked it it's a different
versions of it I don't know there must
be it's called is it the game of life
yeah the game of life for any of you
that want a new family game to play
really straightforward
how we plays you not though what you
mean um 1 to 400 only have 4 players
yeah all right cool
but yeah it's really fun really fun I
loved it
what would you rate it out of 10 oh my
god ah yes a high one but my dancing
yeah pain 70 ground to go skydiving
still again having to pay 30 grand for a
cancelled flight watch I could see you
butthole so I'm not paying 30 grand for
a car yeah the money is quite like
extravagant schlong yes I mean thank
everything wrong tonight well is it what
did you say instead of quit what quad 70
quad anyway I'm gonna end this hair and
I'll see you again tomorrow
faint good morning it's Tuesday and I'm
hungry I just want to talk my jumper in
because it's really no no this doesn't
look good pazi's on it quite powerful
the skin no it's super soft meat love it
so this morning I've decided to knock
some breakfast together and I'm gonna do
some sauteed spinach some bloomie some
chopped in Tomatoes bagels the boiled
eggs that I like you know we took shell
off you sure you don't mean to do the
eggs if anyone's seen what was it my
blog or your blog it was your phone
where you decided to make me breakfast
and it just went a bit wrong weren't his
heart it wasn't that bad it was just you
heated the pan like do any minute we
cracked an egg into it and then some ave
so I'm trying to think what I need to do
first because it's all fairly quick
thank you so much well
you can slices this coffee's lovely
[Music]
[Music]
garlic in right we'll let that fit for
one minute
backing down
don't only get
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
breakfast is served
got a little bit of her murse with some
chili flakes and smoked paprika and
pepper I didn't go for chili flakes
because too hot or too spicy oh my god
oh my god it's quite a lot actually
isn't it yeah excited look at the
beautiful Sun glistening on your face
we're all ready to go
I've actually just done a little video
because this week I'm compiling all my
outfits for a little RG TV so well
though you're gonna see my outfit today
here's a little sneaky Pike make sure to
check out my IG TV when it goes up I
don't know when it will be probably
after this just off my weekend outfits
because I thought you'd like that I
dunno I love that stuff on Instagram
that's the sort of stuff I love on IG TV
like a quick snapshot of like what we
wear yeah we know what they put on their
face and shares anyway
we are off to town there are a few shops
who wanted to go in yesterday that we
didn't manage to go in like license and
all this dust within HomeSense right now
yeah there's three candles hyacinth
tulips and daffodils
and then we're also going to have to
take some bestfriend photos we don't
often get to take pictures of the two of
us together because it's only a selfie
or me taking pictures of you were you
taking them of me but one of the girls
in the office Therese who is lovely is
going to come out with her camera and
take some for us and I think we're going
to use a couple of them on a blog post
as well which you'll be seeing very soon
it's about how to be a good friend would
you say I'm a good friend one of the
great days oh I would say you are -
thank you not this time do you remember
on my housewarming was it my
housewarming oh you were so drunk right
let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
just a quick game shoots finished and
we're now in HomeSense because they have
all that Easter stuff and oh my god the
reeds look
they're so cooler in HomeSense they had
these notebooks got them under my jacket
and hiding them the ones with like loads
of people's faces on so I've got one for
all the girls in the office one I think
each of them won't really like so let's
see in fact I think Holly's is the one
that she's gonna love the most look at
it it says oh my Christ
it has Pamela and Holly's been loving
Gavin is a series of a so that'd be a
nice thing to do give the girls a little
notebook and it's productive because
they can write in it is so cute
