good morning happy Monday just match to
you my makeup so I thought I would film
it I was just gonna do like my everyday
makeup because lots of you have been
asking me what I have been using but I
got some new stuff in my PA box that I
was like oh I kind of want to try that
namely this Max Factor face affinity
all-day flawless just looks good so I'm
gonna give that a try I think okay I'm
gonna go for the 44 one ivory however I
do feel like this isn't a very good
match for me but we will see oh it's not
bad I just felt in the moon to try a new
foundation I think this color is
slightly yellowy for me but I think we
can make it work so I wouldn't say the
coverage is not high on a media
application to be honest and it's quite
matte an actually flawless coverage that
is long-lasting yet feels feather-light
it definitely feels like it doesn't feel
like I have anything on my skin it's
very drying like my skin instantly just
looks quite dry it gives you a flawless
coverage
I suppose flawless coverage is is not a
coverage okay let's try this this is the
concealer
just so dry and iPad I put on so much
moisturizer right before there I'm not
sure about this I feel like it would be
really good if you have quite oily skin
my skin's not that oily so do I want to
pass something on top of it I just don't
think that's right for my skin I'm gonna
go over it with a bit of my CC cream
that's already like instantly better I
don't know if you can tell I like that
more now that I've done that I am just
gonna put a little bit of my collection
lasting perfection concealer where I've
got marks because I don't I feel like a
concealer didn't really cover much
either maybe you see because I was using
a sponge but mm-hmm there we go
you're gonna go in with my Chanel cream
bronze I love it so much for blush I'm
just gonna use my NARS because I love it
[Music]
little NARS palette oops look with
highlighter eyebrows as always my
Anastasia dip brow pomade and an angled
brush
this is my glossier one this is boy brow
it is in brown if I had a clear one
actually do they do boy brow and clear
what
there we go Wow the brows are looking
strong I am going to use the new
Charlotte Tilbury
hello talk instant eye palette look how
beautiful those colors are I have no
idea what colors I'm going to do not
brown
[Music]
okay now I know I've squished it I'm
gonna use the Victoria Beckham eyeliner
my battery just ran out I'm wondering if
maybe I've done my brows a little too
dark I literally had them done like last
week and have them tinted but I forget
what I've had them tinted not to put so
much in for mascara actually love these
eye shadows they're like super matte and
smokey for mascara I'm using the Pat
McGrath labs fetish eyes mascara which
is pretty much at the end of its
lifespan every day for the last two
months but then I do always love a
mascara more towards the end when it
like dries out a little bit done just to
tie in with the pillow-talk aligner
pillow-talk Libby or probably a bit much
for a Monday but I quite like it so
there we go I've done the pillow-talk on
the eyes and pillow talk lipstick now
I'm gonna head into the office and
finish up some editing and post a couple
of bits and pieces catch up with the
team and yeah then you're gonna get to
see my fun 2020 project I'm not too sure
when I'm gonna insert that footage
because myself and Amy actually filmed
it like two weeks ago that's why I've
been editing that is going to be going
into this video so you'll see that oh
that's better
you can see the makeup a bit clearly now
well it makes my eyes very blue I have
no idea if this is filming because I
can't see my camera is like upside down
on a tripod but it feels like spring
today
there's something in the air feels like
spring and that makes me so happy you
know how I always say autumn is my
favorite month I'm starting to think
spring is about to overtake that I don't
know I like spring
I like there's like the possibility of
like sunny days no I just I feel more
motivated when it's spring to the car
park listening to a bit of old-school
Adele album 21 which I think now I'm not
gonna say it's my favorite because
they're all bloody good but I have so
many memories around the album which
makes me kind of love it a lot
before we go into the office when I roll
I also picked up some of my favorite
biscuits over Christmas I've been
posting about these on my Instagram but
I realize I probably haven't said
anything here on the vlog and it's
important that you know that these exist
M&S extremely chocolatey milk chocolate
rounds more chocolate than biscuit more
than 60% chocolate these biscuits
I'm obsessed like there has to be a box
in the cupboard otherwise I start to
like panic a bit they're so good and
then I realized the other day they have
like thin versions which are also really
good but these just the classic just
milk chocolate ones are so good they
also do an orange chocolate one which
it's also good probably up there with my
favorites these and the orange ones are
my favorites
but if you're ever in an M&S or you're
stopping at an M&S garage to get petrol
grab a box of those biscuits let me know
what you think tag me on instagram
tacking your stories try them and you'll
thank me later because they are good
also
I never really drink this but I saw it
chilling in the fridge and I was like oh
it's calling out to me
I need a dr. pepper so I also got the
pepper and obviously some like actual
food that's my little garage haul hello
everybody as you can see I am so here
with my friend Amy know and for those of
you that know or don't know
I bet Amy when Amy was my editor penguin
for girl online yeah and now we have
decided to join forces and write our
first joint fiction yeah we have been
planning this for a very long time in
fact we starts talking about this in
2015
yeah we were working on the second
online book yes there was one part in
that story where there was like a little
bit like a twist and I enjoyed that so
much and we were obsessive pyrrha at the
time we're always talking about true
crying murders you know we just don't
really like sharing that really dark
gritty crime okay so like the novels
that we enjoy or change just everything
so we thought well why don't we come
together and write a what see the exact
genre that Tanya said the other day a
modern young adult gothic yeah mine why
a gothic thriller yeah modern why a
gothic thriller - mystery a / more
mystery you're probably wondering what
so the book is called one for sorrow the
magpie society in the Mopar Society is
an overarching amazing there might be
[Music]
you might also be wondering what is the
book about funnily enough
Amy and I hadn't never turn a synopsis
of not all filming this video I'm not
like one-liner like we have like you
know pages and pages about what it's
about and like where the plots gonna go
in terms of like that really snappy
elevator pitch like we just had it we
had before we sat down from this video
we quickly knock bits out which we we
are kind of reading even though we know
it it makes it you're like we don't know
anything but we do know it yeah but I
promise you feel like the wrote this out
better than we could explain it and to
be honest we probably end up just
telling you the entire two girls from
completely different backgrounds and
reluctantly brought together when the
death of a popular former student
becomes the subject of a murder
investigation and not just with the
police as they find themselves drawn
deeper into the mystery of her death
they uncover more secrets about the
school they live in and a shadowy
society known as the magpie Society but
is the magpie society a force for good
or do they have more sinister intent
[Music]
young adult thrillers like Karen McManus
one of us is lying
you know Dawson you'll really love this
one of us is lying is actually our March
and as you said for sort of modern why a
gothic thriller and it's a lot darker
than either of the works that Zoe and I
have put out before so it's blocked off
in the car line a lot darker than the
potion Diaries but just feels really
like us as there's a police siren it's
like it's just like carnival where we
naturally go together make this darker
someone else's like and we ever
disagreed on anything we actually have
been like really really organically work
together on all the different plot
points and the characters and stuff yeah
if anything likes it always always like
pushing me to go it's got a bit of
everything that we think would make a
lot of people like the stories yeah we
based it on a British kind of boarding
school private school very old the Matt
pie things came from really trying to
think about one of some of those really
unique kind of quirky British to old
Nursery Rhymes and superstitions and
that's so like evocative and atmospheric
like immediately with the the poem one
for sorrow which is incidentally the
title of the first book and you might -
might be one for sorrow two for joy we
just it was just sparking the
imagination yeah - sort of gave us a
really good way of outlining you know
where we were gonna go for the rest of
it at this present time nobody else
knows so I couldn't say on Instagram
asked this question so I asked the girls
in the office to give us some questions
someone said how dark is it yeah it's
done when it starts with a murder yeah
starts with a murder it's a lot grittier
than anything we've written before
we've also sworn in it yes because it's
a why a and I've only ever been used to
doing going online yeah you I feel like
there is that slight bit more freedom
yeah absolutely
which I'm enjoying how do you ensure
both ensure you're on the same
wavelength this just comes it's like
natural yeah I feel like that's I feel
that you learn actually as well like we
just every time you come up against like
an obstacle in our writing we just like
run it past each other oh yeah or do you
feel like this is right or not and then
yeah and so the way in which we're doing
this for any of you that are like how do
two people right one move truly that
gets really confusing we've plotted it
out chapter by chapter yeah yeah and the
story is told through two different
characters so we have one main character
and a second main character which made
it quite easy for us to then decide
exactly
we'll do it by lottery yeah so we
alternate and we're telling the story
through two different characters which
means both our individual voices are
told through yeah they're four
characters which makes it I think so
interesting yeah it makes it really
interesting to read I think yeah
different and but also even though you
know Zoe writes one character and I
write a character we're also like how
has a other yeah yeah each other's
in like in any character yeah how do you
stay motivated to write whenever I feel
stuck I mean I love writing writing
asleep you know that's why it's my dream
job and it's what I would do even if I
wasn't a writer or still probably be
drawn in found stories anything it's
just my creative outlet but whenever I
feel like stuck well actually that's one
that's one us working together at being
a bit more collaborative really comes in
yeah because
and I can just you know when I'm see you
next or like what's up here and just be
like what do we do and then it like
really helps to unlock that yeah and you
found that you sometimes just like
locking yourself away yeah I have to do
that yeah I always have to have noise on
in the back yes I can't concentrate in
complete silence yeah also for me I had
obviously not done any fiction since
gone online so when I did my first
chapter yes we saw I can't my brains is
not like you have functioning how it
used to not see could be invited with
your nonfiction yeah that was totally
different my brain spinning yeah whereas
this is like I don't know you have to
select a channel to learn how the
characters yes but when more chapters
down down and getting faster so that's
all yes do you have a favorite chapter
that you've written I guess I'm really I
think I really like our prologue which
kind of sets the tone in everything
which is when you discover a bastard
right the girl can't see too much
they'll be a preview of the first
chapter yes in yeah what research
methods did you use when developing
characters and places well this is a
really good question because because
we've been thinking about it for so long
actually although we're just you know
we're in the real middle of the writing
process right now the reason it's going
so well and so quickly is because we did
so much
yeah searching background work five
years ago last year I remember we were
just sitting in so it's almost and we
had like books about like British
superstitions
like you know we were just like our
Google searches they were talking about
that just was so way yeah probably a
whole load of the stuff that we came up
with like house names yeah keep your
names like all of the stuff behind that
might not even make it into any of the
books but it helps us yes set the scene
and like really feel and try to make it
feel like a real place yeah do you know
what we do is what I thought this the
other day when I was writing something
where she was in the school grounds yeah
we should try and draw our like a map a
map of the school we've not done that
yet but we should do that did you have
any other possible titles for the birth
I don't think so I think as soon as we
like hit upon that problem again it was
like yeah that'd make it be very easy
printed it just like put the whole
structure of the series into place yeah
if I said in fact maybe we have the
title for many books to that I can't
wait for you to see the cup I in fact we
have a little holding cover here I might
put it on screen now so you can see it
this isn't the actual cover but it's a
little holding cover whilst we kind of
finalize the cover but we saw that last
week looks great it looks amazing it's
so intriguing like I've spent hours just
like I can a detail looks so cool I'm so
excited about it there are gonna be some
signed pre-orders available on
waterstones and WH Smith and from a few
independent bookstores as well so we can
yes a link you know leave some links
it's coming out in October so it might
seem far away but that's the joy of
pre-order yeah right now and
all right when your doorstep you don't
have to think about it and it comes out
near Halloween because just so perfect
yet it fits right into the story it's
gonna be amazing
I'm gonna in the office of it was like
can I read what you've done so far being
like no really like secretive because
there are like things that we're
plotting in advance I have to be like
make sure nobody's like it me and Amy
are the only ones who know not even I
amateur knows no me and Amy the only
ones you know the main plot do you have
a favorite character war things was kind
of tempting to say well I don't know I'm
kind of told just to savor the character
I'm you're writing I know I feel like
that too but then I also really like
Teddy I know it's ideas but know me
because I've just written you've seen
where I really like him in it so I think
I'm a bit biased maybe oh maybe I won't
like Teddy so much as I carry on but
right now I think yeah I don't know I
think I do just so the two main
characters at which I mean Audrey
yeah I've been Audrey I don't want to
answer too many questions because I'm
sure at some point we're all aren't and
more as they go along and when you guys
have questions cuz obviously these are
just ones we thought you might have and
that the girls in the office asked yeah
but if you do have any other questions
leave them in the comments or send us a
message on Instagram and we'll of course
be doing it more videos we had a shoot
last week for our author book picture
which was so fun yeah we insert some
clips of that into this video actually
just so you can kind of see a bit more
of the behind the scenes and also I
think I started recording on meetings
two years ago yeah yeah because
obviously before that it was just like
an idea we talked about yeah but when we
actually started going right this is
serious yeah very
I actually started filming our meetings
so I'll put a little bit of that in here
as well because I just I know that a lot
of you will find that quite interesting
we talk maybe briefly last time having
that dual narrative like to make our
voices
yeah I'm just quite an exs humanity
offers quite a nice way yeah you know I
was reading it and I'm having one of
them in America bringing in bringing
about how many like in the book you
don't try didn't
[Music]
my TV and roads and oh yeah it's really
nice yeah do we
[Music]
yes
[Music]
[Laughter]
I wasn't like just until ya see I'm
joking rusty dusty Nura I think I just
could add a bit more like yeah death to
it yeah the white stuff like for being
like they're cold as usual
understand
yeah so you send that off with nothing
that will avoid it the two chapters are
very honest yeah what do you think
shipping no Lanka I mean I'm
I like find myself
I would read it I know I want it to like
already a bit already begun yeah yeah
it's you all know much bigger than yours
I don't you have to the world beyond us
at that's whoa more than a thousand
words yeah yeah just a bit dusty get
more into that definitely and I always
have to get more of the story as well
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
when we knew what we wanted to do we
knew like who are characters we're not
what was we did sort of sit down I'm
like we had like the whole plot outlined
before we went to any publishers or
anything we wrote like the beginning
10,000 words yeah I've been getting a
few chapters anyway yeah and then we
sent out we sent it with yes - lets end
it with stuff I yeah I think it was just
amazing because the response we had was
so great yeah and penguin who obviously
I'm I work with and then yeah and so we
won't go online they were just like a
perfect natural home for this book
Beyond series really excited it's gonna
be great and can't wait for people to
actually start reading it I mean right
now it's just mine in yours and now in
your mind it's like it that's our
exciting project and I hope you guys are
excited I need to think of new words
that's not great and now we have a lot
of writing to do yeah I should hear it
but let us know what you think and and
we'll see you soon okay good ah that is
my exciting news back to present day I'm
really nervous excited a little bit
anxious I don't know I think that's
because there's still quite a lot to
write but yeah it's starting to feel
much more real now because it has just
been like an idea for so long now at
Fame oh god I'm trying to hold this I
think I'm gonna end my vlog here because
I'm now gonna go inside and have a bath
and chill and have some food cause I'm
starving
um but thank you so much for watching
this vlog do give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
leave a comment down below and all the
other shares pre-order early the
pre-order links as I just said down
below so let me know if you pre-ordered
I will see you again racing they
