good afternoon everybody it's currently
Wednesday and it's actually nearing the
end of the day but I've been doing other
things today but I wanted to film and
document the process of sorting out the
pantry area on all the shelves and the
first thing I did obviously was go to
Ikea so I can share with you some other
bits I picked up there but the second
thing that needs to happen is everything
basically needs to come out of that room
I was going to just shuffle things
around on the shelves and like move
things and put some of the new jars on
but actually I think this requires a
much more deep dive and I think I need
to pull stuff out and clear this whole
space and then just put back what I
think would work so although I'm not
gonna finish doing it today I thought I
would film the start of this process
which is the clearing out because I know
everyone loves the time-lapse and this
spits got to happen before the next bit
can happen Holly's actually here as well
she's been having with me with some
stuff
she's worried me so she's gonna also
come and help me pull all of this out
and I'm not really too sure where I'm
gonna put it I think maybe just over
there for now like out the way because
it's just turned into a little bit of a
dumping ground I didn't want this to
ever turn into a space that felt like a
utility room because I think you can
treat rooms like that very differently
way yeah you do just kind of dump things
in there and there's lots of electricals
on the side and things like that but I
feel like that's what started to happen
here and where when we first moved in I
had everything kind of in some sort of
order I don't feel like it's like that
anymore so that is why I wanted to have
a complete resource but I'm going to
show you what it looks like now so that
you get a very clear before and after so
this is the pantry which is just off of
the kitchen we actually had
this made so this was originally just
open massive kitchen space and we had
this wall put in which is the fridge the
ovens and then the little like breakfast
bar area and also a downstairs toilet is
on the other side of this just stand
outside but we wanted this as like a
kind of separate space so that the
kitchen had its obviously this is not
the Tydeus at the moment either but the
kitchen had its thing here and then a
place for us to store stuff but also
look visually nice and we have under
this stuff we have a bench so we can sit
in the window these are all drawers as
well tiles this is a vintage or I mean
very well used and well-loved like
chopping board or like meat thing we
don't use it to cut me up ombre it's
pretty cool these are some fresh plants
that I want to replace some of the very
sad-looking
dying ones but yeah this is what we're
currently facing this is a freezer these
are my baking drawers which I mean
they're not actually that messy right
now so we don't have then the bottom one
is ingredients for stuff then over here
under this sink which we have a little
sink in here is kind of more of the
bigger appliances and things and then
things that we've just kind of dumped on
here and mark got me this for Christmas
haven't used it yet I want to find
somewhere to put it I have no idea what
this is these are what Maddie got me so
I want to put those in my baking
cupboard my piping bags KitchenAid a
birdhouse that my mom got me that I need
to go outside
a knife sharpener
my shark handheld Hoover is which
somehow goes in the fridge but I can't
make it work
and then we've got like juices and then
we have a lot of empty jars so I want to
fill those and the jars that I bought
also just got a lot of dishes and bowls
and things that I don't generally reach
for because they're so high up so we
will see what I can do with this I also
have bowls and plates here
mugs glasses posh glasses and I
definitely think I can do a proper clear
out of these but maybe we'll do that
another time so for now I think we just
need to take all of this down and clear
it all out you are mollys now from home
but we have completely cleared
everything off of the surfaces and I've
wiped it all down it smells incredible
in here also hoovered a dusted and like
properly cleared out so I'm gonna
revisit this on Friday when I've got
like all morning to really like I call
it pottering when you like take the time
to put it around your house and like
tidy little sections or like really
think about what is that I want to put
there so I'm gonna do that on Friday so
the contents of the pantry are gonna say
that at the time being just waiting for
Alfie to get back he's been in London
this afternoon got my hair smells oh so
good I love my hair on hair wash day but
does anyone else hate the chore of blow
drying and styling Oh
lots of you have actually been asking me
what I use on my hair and how I've been
styling my hair recently so give me two
seconds and I will show you this damn
lighting is not good for the old eye
bags is it
there we go recently with my hair I've
been using my trusted don't want to use
anything else
functional beauty shampoo and
conditioner I've lost count of how many
bottles of this I've gone through I work
with functions Beauty a few times
because I absolutely love their product
and I'm constantly raving about it
telling everybody who use it and I
cannot recommend it highly enough to you
guys
it's amazing the shampoos and
conditioners are 100% customizable so
you can select your hair type and you
can also select your hair goals you
literally go on their website and you do
a little hair quiz that literally takes
two minutes and because of that you're
getting a shampoo and conditioner that
your hair actually needs rather than
just going by what you think you can
select the colors this round I've gone
for pink shampoo and blue conditioner
and you can also select the fragrances
my favorite is the peach one you can
also choose the strength of the scent so
if you don't want something too strong
you can adjust it but I go strong they
contain no sulfates no toxins no
parabens they're vegan they're
completely cruelty free and just to give
you guys an idea of what I have in mind
so my profile is wavy medium and normal
hair and my goals are shy nanti frizz
replenish hair and thermal protection
you get it on this little card when it
comes through the post so those are the
things I select each time I also the
over worth noting have purple shampoo
and purple conditioner because I have
blonde hair and it's bleached I like to
use this every once in a while so
majority of the time I just use the
standard but when my hair is starting to
go a little bit more brassy I'll use
this and this sorts it right out it's
really great they come with a pack of
stickers which are so cute but I keep
those for my scrapbooks but you can also
get your name put on there
like that's how customized they are
I don't know if you're sharing a house
with someone else and they keep stealing
your shampoo it's got your name on it so
they can't go near it I've talked about
my reasons for why I love it so much
before but I just feel especially
because I have bleached hair and I have
extensions like I have to take really
good care of my hair I love it it's just
it's soft it's sleek it's everything I
want it to be and any time I've run out
or I've had to use another shampoo
conditioner it's just not the same if
you've not yet tried it then they are
very kindly giving me a code to give to
you guys for 20% off your first order so
if you would like to try function a
beautiful yourself then I'll leave the
code in the description box along with
all the countries that it's available
which I'll also put on screen now just
for any of you that want to know if you
can get it or not and yeah how you
recommend love it we're gonna put these
back in my shower now and then in terms
of how I've been styling it I I feel
like I finally mastered the
straightening straighteners wave but
I'll have to show you the next time I
style my hair I should have thought
about this more and actually done it in
the video but yeah I think I've mastered
it if I say so myself I think this is
the best I've been able to do the waves
every time Sam and Adam do it I watch
them like a hawk salmon Adam and my
hairdressers I watch them like a hawk to
see how they're moving the straightness
and I think I think I I've got it nailed
so if you want me to show you how I do
it I mean it's pretty similar to how
I've recorded it before I think I've
just taken smaller pieces and angled it
slightly differently but if you do want
to see that then let me know I also
think it helps that my natural hair is
now growing so it's slightly longer so
everything integrates a lot more and I
have more of my natural hair to curl
like alongside this the extensions but
yeah I am loving having longer hair like
I can't even tell you how much I love it
and so many of you are like oh does it
make you regret ever cutting it short in
the first place no because my hair
before I cut it short was not good
condition it wasn't like this it wasn't
like thick and like easy to style it
didn't hold style the great thing about
extensions is when you style them it
stays so much better than natural hair
so even if my hair was this long I don't
think it would look as good as this or
at least it wouldn't look as good as
this for as long as this looks good yeah
I'm just loving the tape extensions life
guys it's serving me well for now
because even when my hair is on like day
3 or 4 and trust me sometimes it can go
beyond that you guys know it can go
beyond that I can go quite a long time
in between washes and it still looks
good it saves me so much time
somedays I just wake up and brush it
that is literally it and even when I had
short hair I thought that it would save
me a lot of time because there wasn't
the length but actually there's still
the thickness and I felt like if I did
one curl wrong with short hair that was
it I'd like kind of ruined it whereas if
you do one wrong here there's so much of
it you don't really notice but yeah
loving fake hair it's just the best good
morning a happy Sunday it's not actually
the morning it's half-past one but it's
Sunday and yesterday I'm not gonna lie I
was gonna vlog but it was like the most
beautiful sunny February day so myself
and Alfie actually went into town and
had a little wound around the lanes and
got a drink and went for brunch and it
was perfect
so although what I'm about to do
now is what I was gonna do yesterday I'm
still gonna do it and actually today is
the craziest weather there's actually a
storm here in the south I can't remember
the name of it
storm Sierra Sierra something like that
so it's the perfect weather to cozy up
inside put some music on and organize
the kitchen / pantry which is exactly
what I'm gonna finish doing now so as I
said in the last day that I picked up my
camera I have completely emptied
everything off the shelves in that
pantry and I pretty much put it out here
now what I need to do is organize it and
put it back so I feel like this is gonna
be quite time-lapse II and then I will
chat you through anything that I'm like
I don't know deciding or sorting but for
now I'm gonna take these down these are
the fresh new plants that Holly brought
me from the office because my ones in
here were a bit and I need to find some
pots for those and then I'll also go
grab my stuff that I got from Ikea
because I want to get organizing with
that as well
let's grab all of my jars I think that
can be the first thing that I do and
then I'm going to decide what I want to
put in them and where I want to put them
oh my god
look at this weather oh my god
I don't know if you can see the rain but
it's like horizontal so a couple of the
bits that picked up from Ikea and from
Zara home I got these coke bottles I
just liked it they were taller so I'm
gonna put things like flour sugar
ingredients especially because then you
can like pour it into like measuring
which is quite like so I got four of
those and then they've got three baby
ones for ingredients then I've got three
of these which are just and then you buy
the lids separately there you go
airtight I've got these little wire
baskets from Zara home I don't remember
how much they were but I ordered these
online I just thought these are so cute
you get 4 X in one and I don't know
right now for the other see the problem
is is that I've bought a lot of storage
but a lot of storage but I don't have an
idea per se what I'm gonna put in it but
I feel like I'll find it
should be fine now I'm gonna check what
the dogs are now because I feel like
something's either broken or blown over
also bought these little baskets from
Zara home and
some slightly larger ones which are
definitely too big for the shelves thing
Oh unless they do them that way I think
these are too big for the shelves but I
might put them in the drawers to like
separate things
or I mean there's so many other places
that I can put these so either I'll put
one sideways on the shelf if I can find
something that I have a lot of and then
that might make sense or I'll just stick
to the smaller things on these I think I
also got some slightly bigger wire
baskets which again look quite nice that
way round but do you take up pilot room
and I have quite a lot that I need to
fill me so we'll see if they get used up
there or somewhere else
I also have my label maker to label the
jars with what's in them and sell by
dates and I picked this up from the
garden center cause I just thought it
was cute it's a little bland sprayer
probably won't go on the shelf but it's
on there right now so I thought would
show you also got some of these airtight
jars I just like that these ones are a
bit narrow they were from Ikea also
right I'm thinking that I'm gonna make a
star it's gonna take me like a beer to
foil plastic or everyday
I wanted to do a little bit week
check-in midweek guys I'm losing my mind
doing this oh my god I did not think it
would take this long you know when you
start something and you pull it all out
and you're like I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna do it properly I'm regretting that
decision slightly and I feel that my
garden is gonna blow away I'm at the
midpoint I think I haven't really added
much more to the show up since the time
lapse just pause s-clip because that's
what I've been listening to to get me in
mood I have a lot of recycling it's
crazy when you start putting things into
jars and containers how much cardboard
there was existing in the kitchen that I
just didn't know was existing in it so I
have a lot of recycling to do I've also
been decluttering as I've gone along so
anything I've picked up and I've been
like why is this just collecting dust on
the shelf do I actually use it do I
actually need it if the answer is no
it's gone into a pile that I'm going
take to charity and yeah it's now
getting dark I'm really happy with what
I've done so far although my daimao has
broken it's just not punching anything
into the black tape which is really sad
I managed to get like most of the jars
down but some of them don't have labels
on now because this broke so I'm gonna
have to order another one on Amazon and
I've been hoovering as I go I've still
got a little bit more to do but I will
do like an overall kind of rundown of
what I've done and where I put
everything once I finished because I
feel like that's the best way of you
seeing it rather than me not time
lapsing if that makes sense
so right now since since I decided to
tackle in here I also decided to tackle
are like mini I don't really know what
to call it we have like a cupboard I'll
show you
so this cupboard here is a like bar
breakfast cupboard you can pull the
drawers out let me just show you so you
can basically pull the drawers out and
then close
[Music]
at that time and then obviously in the
morning when you come down for breakfast
we tend to open this coffee machine the
toaster the nutribullet the velvet eyes
our coffee pods which I just put up here
which is why it's in one of these and
all the cereal jars are up here so I've
now decided to start doing this as well
because I feel like this is an extension
of the battery and I'm now going to
start by washing all of the jars before
I put all the fresh cereal in
[Music]
it's now pitch-black outside and I've
pretty much finished I might finish this
video here but let me quickly show you
some of what I've done though this is
tidy
I moved the bread which was always here
so we've just got the toast of the
nutribullet the hotel shockula velvet
Iser I think is I forgot it for
Christmas oh my god it makes the most
insane hot chocolates ever our coffee
machine and then we've got all the
coffee pods in here we recycle the
coffee pods don't you Oh got more in
here these are like flavors no way ever
once and we pop them in here you've got
tea bags and hot chocolate sachets and
spreads then we've just got a few a few
bowls but these bowls plates bowls a jug
sugar
espresso cups smaller mugs and large
mugs and then I'm going to buy a little
plant for here or maybe put a fake coin
in because I mean I open these most of
the time in the daytime but if I don't I
don't want the plant to die we've got
some cereals these jars are from a shop
in Brighton called utility I love them
so that's the large size and then the
smaller size but I think I'm gonna get a
couple more of the bigger ones just to
fit back here because I have a lot of
cereal and then I decided to put my
recipe books up here little egg stand
and a toaster toast rack toaster toaster
rack so that's that tidy and sorted I
just flipping love this kitchen in the
nighttime look how pretty it looks
got some tulips some higher sense these
this is literally my favorite scent in
all of the world
it smells like summer well it would neon
sign that Sam and Adam bought me and
then all of the recycling and then as
you come here so got a few bits to sort
out but I've gone through all these
cupboards and tidied these as well and
this is the finished pantry so we've got
the KitchenAid here and my little orange
juice so that Alfie got me for Christmas
that was the one thing I put on my
Christmas list and he found this one
which is by Smeg and it's so cool and
then I've got a little fruit basket here
with some bananas in then we've got some
more of the utility jars because I quite
liked that it brought through the pop of
orange then we've got some actual
oranges to make on the juicer a trailing
plant which this plant pot doesn't fit
but I'm gonna try and find a bigger one
champagne glasses big bowls so I've
stored up here all the kind of massive
serving platters big bowls cake stands
things that you would only really get
out if you had lots of guests around or
you were doing a dinner party or
something and like a tea pot and then in
this wicker basket is all of my cookie
cutters like seasonal ones so I thought
I'm gonna put them out the way cuz I
don't need them right now and then one
more kickstand and then more bowls it's
the one thing that when you have your
own place and you have people over you
soon realize that cereal bowls don't cut
it so when I moved in here my Christmas
list was big bowls that was it large
bowls for serving lots of food in
especially in summer when we make lots
of salads and stuff they are great or
like massive pasta dishes okay moving on
we have another little plant and then I
kept this as like my little baking
section and I'm gonna put eggs in here
so we've got like different cuttings of
sugar castor sugar granulated sugar
desiccated coconut self-raising flour
cocoa powder and plain flour and then I
thought it would be cute to just put my
cup measurements here moving along I got
a couple of books obviously Cordelia my
kid is in there and a bar think she's
gonna have eggs in and then just some
cereal bowls is to grab jugs for water
I'm not sure I'm gonna put in this one
yet maybe potatoes bowls brother blah
and then here we've got pastas and like
dried would you call them dried foods
types of rice quinoa couscous eggs etc
there's a little plant pot I cannot
remember where I got this wrong but I
love it just this group partner on it
and the plant inside it is actually fake
but it's quite a good fake plant I
really really like it I've got a couple
more recipe books and then in this
basket I've got all of their like packet
rice and packet couscous and stuff and
then in this one I've got like bread
like wraps and bagels and then a couple
of jugs some of these these are without
a doubt like my most used size of dish
like these little ones for like sauces
and like I shall know tiny bits like
guac hummus dips like I find just use
these quite a lot so I thought would
keep some of those out basket of oranges
for the juicer and then some more pastas
and these are the IKEA jars I really
like this size I think this size was my
favorite I should have got a few more of
those also really like this size because
you can fit so many on so I might also
see if I can get some more of these
maybe online but yeah oh and then some
chopping boards a basil and then this
which I didn't know what to put in it
yet and the little plant sprayer that is
the pantry for now
