oh sorry about my lens is filthy
good morning happy Tuesday is it even
morning I have no idea today has just
run away with me like completely the
Easter weekend was so lovely and then
reality hits on that Tuesday and all the
mail start coming in and you go back
into work mode I've just been doing I've
had a couple of meetings this morning I
don't I don't really know what to update
you on this morning apart from the fact
that Easter is over and I'm a bit sad
about that and Oh got another email and
we should be getting our gust√≥ food
delivery today which I'm very excited
about I've got four new recipes but I
haven't tried before which I like doing
because it makes me discover new ways to
eat certain things I don't know if I've
ever spoken about this in a video but
here we go anyway I think I've talked
about it maybe I have I am such a fussy
eater and it frustrates me so much you
know those questions when people say to
you okay you can have you can have three
wishes or you can change three things
about yourself what would you change
and I always say to not be a fussy eater
because it's so frustrating
I've always been a fussy eater ever
since I was young but I'm like carried
it into adulthood I'm not really too
sure how you don't apart from the fact
that as you get older you can buy
different things to try and just force
yourself to try stuff but I don't know
whenever I find a fellow fussy eater I'm
just like oh my god there is another
version there is another person that
knows exactly how I feel like walking
into a fancy restaurant dreading opening
the menu
like what am I gonna eat from here
that's just one of those things that I'm
like it's well annoying I'm not very
experimental with food or flavors or
different varieties of things I have a
very long list of foods I don't like
although I should put it like this
because some things are things that I
decided I didn't like when I was young
therefore do I still not like them I
don't know some of those things that
when you say like oh yeah now I don't
like that and then you're like but I
don't really remember what it tastes
like but yeah oh my god if there's any
other fellow fussy foodies out there
please let me know that you exist and
like what do you do and like or if
there's anyone who was fussy and isn't
anymore because those are the inspiring
stories that I enjoy just one of those
things if you're wondering what the
other two things are but I would change
about myself if I was granted three
wishes that instantly changed it the
other one I actually can't remember the
third one one was to not be a fussy
eater and just to enjoy any food and
drink ever another one was to never get
travel sick because it's just something
that I feel like is so unnecessary
is there not like a tablet you can take
now that just stops it forever I know
you can take travel sickness tablets but
that's really all they don't always work
and I don't know imagine just you could
just have an injection and you just
would never get motion sickness ever
again or they changed the balance in
your ear or I don't know they had like
some magic cream just on and you just
never got motion sick yeah I'd love that
I'd really love that because yeah I
don't know emotion sicknesses is is one
of those things that's like just so
unnecessary like why I get when you feel
are ill then you throw up because you
know that's your body being like oh hell
no but emotions it
what's that for
that's not helpful like I can't go in
buses and coaches like if someone said
to me hey it's a hot day and we have to
get in this coach and drive three hours
to this place you ain't getting me on
that coach even if that coach in three
hours time took me straight to a
Maldivian Ireland actually no mo I mean
maybe then I just deal with it I also
have a fear of I feel like this morning
chat has become very exposing I also
have a fear of vomit so the motion
sickness thing with that is a really bad
concoction for my anxiety so little
things like that ah just really
unnecessary if I if I could live my life
knowing I would never get travel sick
I'd be so happy so those are my two
things
what would your two things be and
they're not allowed to be physical
things it has to be because I mean will
will you know guilty of looking
ourselves in a mirror and picking things
out that we don't like but I'm talking
non appearance based things but if you
could if someone granted you three
wishes or maybe we'll say two because I
can't think of my third one what would
you change and I know that we're all
perfect as we are and the fact that
we're all so different is a great thing
but you know if I could eat all the food
and just never feel travel sick I would
be really happy about that I'm worried
that there's not really anything to film
I'm not every vlog is so similar and you
know nothing's really happening I dunno
you also like just having something to
watch because I'm the same I just like
having something to watch so I hope you
don't mind the a lot of the vlogs are
probably just menial chats like this and
me just sitting and you know being it's
also hard when I have things like video
meetings and like phone conferences and
things because I can't film those like
this there's not really any point in
filming them so I'm kind of filming bits
in between that through my day
so obviously some days that's just not
as much because I've had a lot of them
were key stuff to get done but generally
I'll just keep picking up the camera as
and one and I hope that that is seating
you are amazing so I got involved in
fleurs bloggers for NHS which was to
raise money it was an auction so lots of
bloggers donated items to the auction
and she managed to raise she don't know
how much they raised overall I need to
go on over and have a look at her but I
donated a wire sell bag and a dress that
I wore to an event a couple of years ago
and they managed to raise over a
thousand pounds which is amazing so I'm
so happy I kind of still liked the bag I
just wasn't using it as much and I was
like I think this could go to a better
home so I tried not to be all
sentimental about it and just donated I
was like I'm not going to think too much
about this I'm just gonna donate it but
now I'm really happy that I did because
it was for a great cause the auction was
to raise money for duty to care which is
caring for the NHS and lots of the key
workers in the NHS and just you know
it's supporting them in this time and if
you're watching this and you were the
one that won the dress and bag I hope
you like it right also been giggling how
to make artichoke dip so I have made a
list of those ingredients do that but
yeah that's my morning chat over and out
this wasn't very long and I will catch
up with you in a bit
how are you join me as I make lunch
so I think I want to make toasty but can
you mix like a ball of mozzarella with
cheddar in a toasty does that work or is
that just going to run everywhere and
it's gonna be really liquidy because
that's what I want to know that's what I
think I might try and do I think I might
put some mozzarella and some cheddar and
some tomatoes so you're not going to use
this cheese yeah I already did ha do you
butter your bread you know we make our
stuff so different no way what do you
mean why don't make a toasty in the oven
or the grill I'll make in the saucepan
well yeah some people make it different
guys I have gone with the half
mozzarella half cheddar Alfie wasn't so
sure there were you I'm not do you know
what would be so nice I worked at risk
for me you know when we've got enough
cheddar some onion red onion or some
what there's no grand new things that
we've got granules garlic granules onion
crispy onion crispy onion first the
onion would be banging but anything I'm
just a big fan of cheese toastie why you
should put on it though Liam parents
look so good it's a good little snack
isn't it
yeah but I'm thinking it's all about
like ham and cheese or tuna and cheese
well we don't really have much choice
good choice on the mozzarella and the
cheddar I think
oh yeah
they are Oh guys I mean I'm in a bit of
a dilemma about what sauce to put on
this toy do a bit of Liam parent storage
a bit of Branson's do I do a bit of
tomato ketchup
I think tomato ketchup I mean brown
sauce ready
well sriracha chipotle sauce I'm gonna
do a little drizzle of ketchup literally
started this video by talking about how
I'm such a fussy eater look at my lunch
no it's a concert lunch mmm I think if
someone said explain your eating habit
favourite food I would say comfort foods
are basically my going to okay well
there we go
grilled mozzarella and cheddar toasty
that actually doesn't really good oh
hello where have you been
shouting all the neighbors yes thirsty
work that yes totally work you going
back out are you know sort of all
alright then I just said - Alfie did you
toast the other side beside without the
cheese on it
didn't tell me about this I always do
mine on here yeah but but then you still
don't have the toasty bit of bread in
the middle just finished up two more
work calls actually three more work
calls all back-to-back Alfie's now
running around the garden I think
someone tagged him to do that donate
five nominate five run 5k
yeah okay hon get up off the floor swear
to God if anyone nominates me to do that
I'm gonna try I've been trying to do the
couch to 5k don't make me skip that and
do a 5k I was building up to it I'm
happy to donate the money I just gotta
run 5k I do actually need to get back on
the couch to 5k but I am now prepping
for we're doing an after-work quiz doing
all the quizzes as I said in my last
video which has actually been very fun
but this is the first one I'm hosting so
I'm very excited about it getting all
the girls just for a little like post
work catch up and quiz time on this
lovely post-easter Tuesday hard to walk
so much that I walk run run this hard 5k
is bonk at bottom as well and let my
fitness is appalling right now but you
did it who are you nominating doesn't
matter speed yeah so I'm nominated Sean
Zack Steve Morgan and Joe your mother
god I thought you were gonna say me then
I was gonna leave you
oh then I'll do it Joe for some reason
Joe can really run I didn't know where
we get that wrong oh no mom
yeah probably and I just don't have that
skill I have to build up to that skill
but Joe is very good he can just
literally put on a pair of trainers and
run for god knows how long he's got very
good fitness level whereas mine's not so
great but well done yes Walmart it's a
lovely date aromas it's not
yeah come upstairs for a bit of a change
of scenery to do the quiz at the moment
obviously we are all searching for ways
in which to video call our friends our
loved ones to do quiz nights but also to
stay in contact with people in the
office employees employers co-workers
finding ways to do video meetings and an
app that I have been using and loving as
well as Alfie with his teams too is lark
lark are sponsoring this little section
of the video and I am so happy to be
able to recommend them to you I've
really enjoyed using their software the
app itself is so easy to use you can
download it for free you don't have to
pay anything you can have up to a
hundred participants in any video call
which I just think is amazing not that I
ever need to have a hundred people in a
video call but if you did if you were
doing a lecture or I don't know you were
doing something that needed lots of
people's attention or lots of people to
listen to you that's great
for free you can have a hundred people
join you in a video conference but also
the minutes are unlimited so there's no
set time on when your meetings or quiz
nights have to end which is great one
part of this app that I have absolutely
loved is the ability to have everything
all in one place you can have chat you
can create meetings and schedule
meetings into a calendar you can create
polls you can send documents and you can
have chats all in lark so everything is
centralised and you're not having to
download lots of different pieces of
software to stay in contact with
everybody just so you guys can get a
little idea of what it looks like this
is the calendar aspect so the meetings
I've already had today are blurred out
got the after work quiz you can actually
invite everybody from your team to a
scheduled meeting or quiz night and then
they get a little reminder that pops up
and says join the quiz which is super
handy because then you literally just
tap it and it starts and then these are
all my meetings for the rest of the week
that I'll be doing on lark this is the
part where you can store all your
contacts
you're able to create groups that you
can literally just call within the click
of a button I'm not actually going to
press this because it just reveals
everybody's email addresses so I
probably shouldn't do that but I have
all my contacts in here and then the
groups that we've used today is this
group which has certain people in it
then this one which has the whole team
in that we're constantly dropping things
into and doing meetings from and then
simply you click here for meetings
create a new meeting join a meeting or
you can share your screen which is super
easy to use Oh secret chats I haven't
discovered that before now so yeah
that's luck in a nutshell it's free to
use free to download I highly recommend
you give it a go if you're looking for
something even if it's just to do your
family catch ups on or your fun friend
quiz nights it's super easy and I also
obviously love it from a work point of
view because it just keeps everything in
one place and just makes life so much
easier
but yeah I'll leave a link in the
description box go and check out if you
want to invite invite the 100
participants and see how you get on but
yeah I'm really loving it super easy to
use very practical and I will show you
it in action during the quiz so now I
can go to my after work quiz and I can
start
oh it says I've got two people waiting
that's how excited they are for the quiz
so we're all in here
right I'm going to join the video
meeting there she is
who's there la added some lip balm
didn't I tell me to pout again yeah give
me your best pout
[Music]
so you will always have the person
speaking in the big square and then the
rest of the people in your chat down the
side looking pretty it's so true it's
like all work quiz but general knowledge
then we've got finished the lyric all of
that then we've got emoji movies and
then Disney synonyms Disney synonyms
sounds like I've done this quiz five
times already
question number one what does the e in
email stand for fun fact I actually got
this wrong when I did this to be fair
this quiz is I would say a good level of
not too hard not too easy somewhere in
the middle yeah question number two what
is the largest planet in the Solar
System all that heads down there really
getting on with that one question number
three where was Radio One's big weekend
meant to be held this year it was no
choice I might know but question number
six who was the first UK artist to enter
the u.s. charts at number one ever
that's a good question question I do not
know
can you hear Nala snoring you can dart
you can dance you can drive
did you get all these there was one I
didn't get number three it's a
generational thing number three My
milkshake brings all the boys to the
yard
question four it started out with a kiss
I listened to the identify planets wife
[Music]
yeah it's so good oh I need to do my my
song today I've not done today favorite
male artist okay good and um
[Music]
question five I don't believe that
anybody six so I told you with a smile
number seven this is the one I didn't
get feel the way I feel deep in thought
no yeah I'm also confused yeah I didn't
get that one here number ten caught in a
landslide judging by the emojis I need
you to write down what film you think
they are okay be exceptional she got our
chuckle eight skyward what skyward
number nine
instead number ten blade in the granite
this one took me of our little while
blade in the granite does anybody want a
repeat on any of them no may this is the
best toys I've ever done
answers incoming question number one in
general knowledge what does the e in
email stand for the answer is electronic
for it started out with a kiss yeah
correct five okay seven who thinks they
got seven do sex oh yeah six six was so
I told you with a smile done about okay
feel the way I feel I feel I feel the
way I feel again because of the kings on
what goes like that no that's not what
did you pat hey oh okay so it's feel the
way I feel man I feel like a woman
I know ten caught in a landslide no is
[Music]
correct well done guys
okay emoji movies number two Benjamin
Button yeah I put that D also it's not
three men if you look it's a little boy
yes 7b Incredibles eight is up nine is
tangled and ten is the sword in the
stone
yes okay so six place with 24 with Darcy
then with 27 is less then with 30
Charlotte with 32 Maddie no with 33
Holly and with 34 our reigning champ of
all quizzes was Danielle I've just had a
bath and I've come down Alfie's made
dinner
this looks good it's a chicken to eat so
her be mash this like that is like the
most flavor something about and tried it
just the smell is crazy what sauce
cooking that it looks so good hello it's
Friday I'm just here with Alfie and I
for his video we just did a little Q&A
so I
it would be nice to kind of jump on Matt
a bit and answer any questions we didn't
answer in Alfie's video over there and
just end the vlog on a little Q&A
because I haven't done one of these in a
really long time
good old Q&A um we've got up on the
phone on Instagram so we're going to hit
the questions someone said Zoe once said
about getting Invisalign like you I'd be
interested to hear her reasons for not
I'm interested interested let's go I
haven't done it I still want to do it I
just haven't been you know it's like
booking in the first initial thing is
done appointment son I know yeah we went
to that dentist on our old road and he
looked in my mouth need we did yeah
doors right Zoe how do you feel seeing
all those hoodies around the house no by
the time this collection drops oh by the
time these collection drops
I'm never gonna want to see a blue
tie-dye hoodie ever again I haven't a
hand make them because my manufacturers
it's currently closed its literally hand
making them if you woke up as me for the
day what to do what would the first
thing you would do be think about this
think about what are you do what the
first thing I do is just get you just
get strawberry just beat nyla and the no
else you do sing in the kitchen is that
what you do no what would you do then or
do you know I'd actually be interesting
to do there's a fact that apparently you
have such a perceived perception of
yourself if you were to walk pass it up
in the street you wouldn't recognize
yourself because you're so obsessed with
like your floors and little bits that
you don't like about yourself do you not
I mean
yeah the mirror isn't actually us that
flipped you I hate thinking about that
because that actually reads your magic
power covers you and then I looked at me
in bed and I'm like what I look like I
think I'd want to see what I look like
that's the first thing and then would
you want to kiss you and smoke you're a
good kisser no no I just want to see if
I look like what I think I look like
although that is scary when you first
met did you expect you to get this far
together that's a tricky question
because I suppose here I don't really
ever think I didn't think about it yeah
we just took each day as it was and
we're still here somehow still here
eight years this year give me them one
thing you've never done and would like
to experience together skydive skydive
normal postbox already what you ordered
this one's funny that someone said to
you you remember how you built a gym to
get hench and you're not come on now
that's savage and so what one thing
that's true though I was working out
hard for four months and I had some good
results and then all of this has
happened in them you can still go and
I've got no I went yesterday yeah last
time again so what one thing would we
want to experience that I think like not
traveling but we want to go to New
Zealand and like do the Bears traveling
just not for that month so time going on
like oh we want to go for a long trip
yeah we want to go on like a traveling
camping road trip in New Zealand yeah
which we were gonna plan for for January
2021
we've not started planning it yet I
don't know how long it'll take to plan
but maybe that won't be for then we'll
have to see but that's what we want to
do together and experience together
tell us I like this one tell us some of
your craziest dreams recently I've seen
so many people talking about how their
dress is good yeah uh so crazy and
genuinely my dreams have been so much
more vivid so much more like they feel
real not like they're really honing and
so many people are saying the same thing
so the other night I dreamt I went to
Marc's at 3 a.m. and he was having a
house party how do you remember this
because I always tell that person I
remember for like 3 minutes and then I
forget it I used to write down all my
dreams in my notes and I woke up on my
phone really yeah and I went at 3 a.m.
and he was like well basically everyone
was leaving as I was arriving and then
where away you went marks at 3 a.m. I
went to Mark's it that's already crazy
what's going on did you just wake up
doesn't know why was that he was having
a party with all his other friends and
they were all leaving as I arrived and
then these three men just randomly
turned up in Mark's house and I was like
you need to get them out because you
don't know who they are and then I can't
remember what else happened after that I
think I left marks in the morning and I
was like bye thanks for having me
and as I was walking along I ran into
Tyler and Joey and I ran Joey from like
so far away and then like just jumped on
him like wrap my legs around him and he
like spun me around and then and then
somehow we ended up underneath the
bridge me Tyler a Joey like above water
and then this other youtuber who I don't
know who it was was having a wedding and
we had to all were half like what just
happened but I did say to mark I feel
like I've seen you now I thought let me
hung out and that's my eyes like I feel
like I've just seen Joey and I've just
hang out at marks house how do you
remember that because I we were texting
Joey
that's why Joey was in it for sure who
texted mark obviously we're talking
about Tyler
yeah it's so funny I'm just trying to
think of any others no one had crazy
vivid dreams but I haven't you couldn't
I did speak in my dream the other day
yeah you won't you said to me the other
morning you were like remember what you
said last night that's like what did I
say we've got this even playing a lot of
animal crossing
I mean animal crossing you get these
little DIY packs that you learn and then
you can build yeah so you find these
around the island or like get given them
and I woke up in the middle of the night
and I was you know when you're like so
thirsty and my drink such a long story
but my drink but it had that taken up to
bed with me was in the living room next
to one of our diffusers and my water
tasted of the diffuser like I took a
second although that tastes like perfume
so I said coffee Alfie can I have some
of your water and he said something I
can't remember what you said but it was
absolute gobbledygook I was like okay
he's asleep but you still went over and
he passed me an empty glass it was like
he go and I was like oh it's empty
he goes don't worry you can just DIY
another one video yeah you should go up
and just that's my day so you do talk a
lot I do yeah I talk I talk way less in
my seat than I used to do if you talk to
Zoe when she's asleep
she just fully chats back but you don't
actively talk oh do you not I mean
hmm apart from when I've just fallen
asleep because you tell me I'm you just
twitch a lot when your conversations
with you and I don't remember them but
that's what me because I'll start it so
I'm used to watching the TV and you'll
be like yeah yeah yeah I always the
other night when you were saying like
why do you why have you change this
channel we will literally just watching
what's the quiz yeah we will literally
just watching the quiz that's right Zoe
that finished show for an hour ago what
I've watched all I've watched all of it
you're asleep and now we're watching
something else like okay and then in the
morning you have no recollection of that
happening at all don't remember it so
you can full-on just chat to you but you
don't know anything it's funny funny
anyway I'm gonna end this here cuz my
battery's flushing and I feel like we've
been chatting for a while but let us
know if you guys have had any weird
vivid dreams in the comments below and I
will see you again very soon
