hello everybody it's been a while
happy 2020 I've not uploaded a vlog yet
here on this channel so far this year I
always find coming back into filming
after doing vlogmas and then having like
a little break really weird because you
get so into like the rhythm of filming
everyday and then you stop and then it
just completely goes it's like you lose
all confidence if we get and the camera
kind of becomes a bit of a stranger
again but it's February it's February
the 1st and I'm gonna get back on the
vlogging hype it's not really a high for
our vlogging anymore I'm not too sure
what my vlogging like schedule is gonna
be at all I mean do I really have a
blogging schedule no I've had a very
productive January so far so I really
hope you guys have - I know I haven't
vlogged but I have been working on lots
of other things and like Ruth throwing
myself in so although January might
appear to have been quite quiet over on
this channel
it hasn't been in other areas hi now
that I'm here like with my mum God's
gonna say yeah so I've been working on
lots of exciting things through January
which I can share so soon in fact on
Tuesday I can share one quite big thing
as I said January is usually the month
where I don't know I just find it so
hard to like get back into the swing of
things always feel very motivated though
I like that about January I like that
the month feels very fresh new star sets
and goals and have a little bit of a
creative break over the Christmas period
and just come back with like don't I
just come back feeling refreshed I love
that that's my little January in a
nutshell I hope you guys are well let me
know what you've been up to in January
in the comments yeah same old same old
hair for me to be honest yes
Saturday I really want to go to Ikea
because I mean I couldn't even tell you
the last time I went to Ikea I was
probably like 25 or something like it's
been many many years since I've been to
an Ikea and I don't know why I just
quite fancy it lots of people that I
follow have been doing like home and
room makeovers and so many great things
have come from Ikea and I really want to
like reorganize my pantry area and I
just think there's gonna be something in
IKEA that will be very helpful for that
so I just woke up this morning I was
like I really want to go to Ikea I asked
you guys on Instagram
you said don't go to Ikea on a Saturday
it is hell so we changed the plan so
we're going to go tonight instead
because it shuts at 10:00 p.m. so we're
going to go in the evening hopefully it
won't be as busy then but for now we
need to get some food so we're going to
get some lunch and we are going to
probably do a food shop which is
riveting let's go then shall we head out
fit wise I'm wearing this little
cardigan just black cardi it's super
cozy and it has little dinosaur buttons
on it how cute and then these like
high-waisted mum style jeans are from I
wanna say mango actually so I thought we
were gonna go into a food shop but
actually we just went to McDonald's this
is what we've got man what Oh age
team what you leaders I've got the
veggie deluxe burger which I've never
tried looks alright hmm have you just
started filming your cameras already
about one hour charge yeah I bought
these hats from Zara I bought them
online and
and they just look like normal beanies
on the models on the website they're
from Zara but it's snot I know I have a
small head but that's a big beanie no
like that's pretty big not tried it on
my head yet my way for us we took out
the toilet maybe I need to roll it round
again look cool with your really cozy
what they cause she started out I can't
pull this down anymore why don't we do
lose your stemware Aflac stole it mom do
you not think that looks a bit big yeah
you can change the size of the fold let
you can just double fold hey that's more
than double fold I think it is just big
yeah maybe it's more like that I just
don't think this suits me I bought three
of them in different colors yeah dang it
they're really warm as well
[Music]
we decided to come for a little walk on
the beach and the waves are crazy
we're doing it we're coming to Ikea we
decided to do it a bit later on because
we thought it might not be as busy turns
out it looks like it because we've been
driving around not for too long but
there are a lot of cars in this car park
but I'm really excited I was just saying
to Alfie I honestly don't think I've
been to Ikea since I lived with my dad
and Joe I think the last time I went to
Ikea was with my dad I remember it
really vividly buying my desk can't wait
yeah
buy my desk no way mm-hmm oh yeah honey
I love like yeah I remember it used to
be such a treat to come in as younger
everyone buying all the storage right
get out
[Music]
thanks for having me who else is coming
for dinner over here
Ariela oh yeah friendly rich children on
their friends yeah just gonna go through
to the sitting room actually ah look the
neighbors have got their neighbors are
there in it's so cute because so many of
the little kids are like a couple of
little girls running around like this is
the ultimate playing like what did you
use to call it ice queen like mums and
dads yes words she was like yes now sir
this is my kitchen like that must be so
fun as a kid to come here and just
pretend like they're your houses well
that is for the parents would I come or
can we just walk move on oh come for
some food got the meatballs
I just tried my first IKEA meat bulb
because I've never had one before
what do you think I like it tastes like
a little mini beef burger
actually it's a bit people how happy
also got a little dime cake because this
looks insane this is literally what I
came for
yeah looks like you're smuggling them
how many of those four yeah so we just
get any yeah we probably just definitely
going to bounce up something oh no or
like break through that hole also found
this plate which I really like we just
can't see anything else we like and I
already like that look at them up there
they look great
that is cool we got one of those in the
basement I really like this section
he's a pantry lover's dream problem
solved
I always think it's so clever how it
freezes so it won't fall yeah slowly
filling up nearly done now that is so me
it's trying to show off to the kids by
sitting on this side we're out Alfie has
managed to find himself a v-shaped
pillow which I have told him he's
allowed to have for the way home which
does guarantee me a lone solo journey
home because I'm gonna fall asleep I'm
quite wide awake those okay energy let's
see if you stay awake the whole time
then okay that's my challenge literally
just said an alfea's video that like I
do like IKEA but it's hectic like not
busy hectic just so big that at any
given moment you just don't really know
where you are or how to get out like it
just it consumes you and that's you so I
was pretty tired before you went in and
now well now I'm just don't I'm not I'm
a 12 percent battery I don't say that I
just offered to drive 12 percent left to
get home that's fine okay but I am
really I just know even in hours
probably at 45 minutes right now I did
however manage to get a lot of what I
came here for which I'm really happy
about because I did think Saturday
evening probably all gonna be gone but
it wasn't I got everything
think how many pull my daughter told me
to get them out of bed yeah and there's
other things the fizzy one yeah they're
sugar things yeah cuz there's some good
flavors in there the only thing I'm a
bit gutter that I didn't get was a hot
dog on the way out some to fill up but
and also he was big fan smack in one of
those hot dogs offers thank you to be I
know
you get 150 P I just got that cut like a
mama bottle of water you don't like dive
bars da oh it's my new water bottle how
can you not like a dime bar honestly how
can you not like that just it's not the
biggest fan you need to just reintroduce
whoever that diamond dessert you had
today just then was bangin boom there's
not this better I don't I don't want
that I'm good thanks how big you like it
mr. one tree I could never wear I know
you work steal it
yeah that's probably one of one of one
can't think of anything else that you'd
have so I wouldn't eat we were listening
to Chris and Rosie's podcast on the way
here and they were talking about a meal
like the worst meal I could serve you
yeah would be dying bars yeah although I
could suck the chocolate offered you
will need the middle bit
what would be the worst meal you could
serve me fish with blue cheese oh and
the worst dessert would be a hard one
what you gonna say I'm not gonna pickle
you're gonna Zabel something with
raisins in it hi that's a good show
Ã¶zkan sis and the licorice
yeah licorice or raisins or aniseed or
like what would yours be it all the time
what a dessert not that is cheesecake
yeah dime cheesecake or woody that's
what we just say yeah I would eat that I
don't think there's a dessert that you
wouldn't eat yeah
the licorice I wouldn't eat licorice oh
you like it crash no why
anyway I'm gonna go home eating mad I'm
Sinbad so that's gonna put your energy
up for me a 14% oh yeah
it's now Sunday and just before I finish
editing this video and wrap it up
I just got an a sauce delivery so I
thought I would go through it with you
because it's been a while since hey I've
done a haul at all and B I felt paste
and a sauce that every since August and
bought a couple of bits and I thought
would share them with you some of them
are still kind of all to me some of them
though are moving into a more
spring/summer wardrobe which is kind of
exciting me I'm not gonna lie the first
thing is this which is an and Other
Stories jumper because a sauce now stock
and other stories which is cool I just
really wanted a very plain cream roll
neck jumper I all love a roll neck you
can wear underneath things I come
wearing this please don't be sad I'd
probably wear this underneath if it was
a bit of a colder day I also just find
and other stories through you very good
quality and all their stuff lasts me
such a long time so picked that up so
this is from misguided and it is a
playsuit little shorts little frilly
shorts and kind of like a shirt v-neck
at the top I just really liked this
pattern with the red flowers so now I've
worn anything this out there in quite a
while so we shall see oh okay this is a
pair of like Chino trousers and these
are from Topshop and they are balloon
leg kaki balloon leg I've been loving a
balloon leg Jean in fact you guys asked
me where my white ones are from all the
time and actually got
on ASIS but they're currently not sold
on Asus anymore so these I just loved
maybe with the white roll neck and then
like rolled up at the bottom sometimes
they look good sometimes they look like
you're wearing an adult nappy so we'll
see how that goes
this is river island this is just a
plain gray turtleneck but the neck was
rewritten had I could double frill so I
got that again it's a nice basic just to
wear underneath things and the colors
are also freely I got a load of bikinis
but I think I'm gonna show these in
another video because I'm gonna do a do
people do bikini trials I don't know if
that's pretty much maybe I'll do that on
IG TV because I want to do that a proper
Tryon of all of those and see what I'm
loving what I'm not loving because I
bought a lot in the premise of returning
whatever doesn't look right maybe I have
a little holiday plans for my birthday
which I'm very excited about
okay this Finders Keepers oh it's just a
little like strappy dress MIDI again I
thought this would be nice to wear with
a t-shirt underneath maybe for the time
being like this got put a lot of red
flowers right this one is by pieces and
I think this one's a maxi dress yeah I
really liked this it kind of reminded me
a little bit of the Zara white and black
spotty dress that was like super popular
so it just hasn't really lovely sleeves
and then it's kind of tiered and I just
thought that would be really lovely for
like the spring transition maybe with a
jumper on top some boots I think I'm
already in love with that oh now I love
me a knit or a tube skirt so I got this
one a little bit creased fat very
creased but it's by weekday and it's in
this really lovely car green it's a
really thick nice quality fabric and it
has
two slits down either side but I love
these especially when the weather starts
getting slightly warmer and you're not
like I don't think I need tights today
and I don't think I need to wear
trousers this is like perfect I
basically lived in these in autumn and I
feel like it's something that you can
wear a line spring - oh I got me maybe
just because I thought for Valentine's
Day it would be kind of cute it's just a
headband and it just says love on it
ah that is cute I like that
pulling bear oh okay so this is pretty
much the exact same as the other one
like there's our address again but this
has a slightly shorter sleeve this is
like three-quarter length and it's a
black with little beige spots looks kind
of see-through like I can see the camera
ridin you can see me through it um but
again I just I love these dresses I just
feel like you can't go wrong with these
I got a few summer hat
[Music]
do I even want to bother trying these on
in this video just don't know hats are
such a mystery to me I need to go
somewhere where they know see I'm not
loving this that's already going back
and then this one
no I already don't like that okay
hats are going back that's fine I
honestly have no idea what drew me to
this dress and I have no idea where I'm
gonna wear it but I quite like it's like
a very it's like a metallic e pink I
really liked the collar and the sleeves
I don't know maybe with some Doc Martens
in the spring this might look really
pretty or I could look like a ball ball
so this headband and I loved it because
it's a thin one it's more narrow than
the usual ones and it's in this really
lovely like dusty pink velvet slush in
oh I like that I like that it's thinner
I'll leave a link by the way to all of
these things in the description box if
you want to go and grab them disclaimer
they will be affiliate links as always
but I just feel like you should probably
verbally say these things now I got
these PJ's how cute so it's the top it's
like a little it's like pink waffle and
the sleeves are fluted and like frilly
and the bottoms pretty it's like cropped
and then it comes with
shorts aren't they so cute
I got a simple oh my goodness this is
huge what size is this very big and
baggy it's just a jersey throw on dress
just because I don't know I just think
things like these are useful when it
gets warmer I got some converse I don't
know what made you like these
oh my god this so cool very 70s inspired
and they have girls unite and look at
the bottom it's like this 70s floral
print
I just really love these they're so cool
I'm happy with them I wear the same two
pairs of converse over and over and over
again
I'm much for further slot like the high
tops it's like high tops like these as
opposed to the slightly lower under
ankle shoes but I know I'll use these a
lot I don't know what came over me when
I bought there
what has shoulder pads guys oh no I
think I hate this why did I get it
must have looked really great on the
model I think I was thinking holiday
like in the evening or something I mean
I'll try it on
but without a tan I don't know if I'll
be feeling there
what's this long bear that's nice
oh my god you scared me do you like this
is that my odds guns remember that when
I was growing out
it's got shoulder pads but what's the
long bear
what's that bear where does that thing
go is it broken
this is quite hot there isn't it yeah I
don't know why I got this look at that
hey maybe that's short minutes
you've already wear it wrong like that
thing probably the other dress
okay right well that's quiet now and
then I got another pair of balloon
trousers tucked in trousers boolean
trousers balloon this color is beige
which is the color I'm learning to love
actually a woman lot of beige through
autumn winter this is actually generally
a color I try to avoid because I feel
like my skin is beige therefore I just
look like a bit of a beige bob but have
actually been enjoying beige I think I
can make it work
last item beige this for when I'm
feeling slightly smarter oh my god this
is so crazy creasing the testicle look
at this this is what I would call a
dress that my mum would love me wearing
but I do actually quite likely sometimes
I'm not sure about the length of this we
shall see right I'm gonna try some of
this on now okay first thing I've got on
are the beige balloon trousers now I
like a balloon trouser as much as the
next person but these actually look like
I'm about to set off in a hot-air
balloon I think maybe these are a bit
too balloony so I'm gonna send these
back because as I said adult nappy yes
is the answer there this is adult nappy
worthy trousers and I'm not loving them
these are not flattering for me in the
slightest no moving on to the top shop
balloon jeans which I actually really
like these ones are much better you can
see I have an ass I don't look like one
of those flying squirrels yeah I like
these I'm gonna keep these ones and
they're super comfy as well put a dress
on I really like this I think it looks
quite nice didn't think I'd like it but
yeah I'm gonna keep this one no idea
what I'll wear it to but I'll find
something PJs I mean you can't really go
wrong with pajamas can you I think these
are really cute I'm gonna keep these and
super comfy nice for Valentine's so this
is the jersey dress sash bikini throw on
I quite like it however because it's one
of my sounded Irish then however because
it's that fabric that's like quite heavy
and really like pulls down I feel like
it gets rid of my waist a bit so I don't
know if I would maybe wear a belt
or if it is just to throw over a bikini
then maybe that's what I would do but I
do still quite like it and I have a
vague memory that it wasn't that
expensive so I think I'll keep that I
didn't have high hopes for this and I
was right because this looks awful and
the shoulders don't sit right and they
just flop off oh no bar is going to come
off too they just flop off and this
looks silly and this is going back first
of the smock style dresses and I really
like this the only thing I have noticed
are the shoulders are very wide maybe
they just need to sag a bit but at the
moment is sitting out quite far but yeah
I like it I also like that the colors
are still quite like wintry so yeah I'm
gonna keep that second smoke dress this
is the pieces one I love this one I feel
like this feels like nicer quality than
the one before I'll probably end up
keeping both because you know they're
different colors and I think I'd get a
lot of use out of this style but yeah I
like that it has long sleeves to it a
little button on feels really nice I
like it okay I have the misguided play
suit really liked it I think it's really
cute and it's quite flattering I do
think though it is a holiday item
because it's super thin and this is
quite gaping so I don't know or maybe
with a black blazer it might look quite
nice I like it I'm going to keep it but
I do think it might be more of a holiday
outfit okay we have and Other Stories
jumper which I'm definitely gonna keep
love it very comfy and the skirt which I
also really like needs a bit of an iron
but I like it like that I actually quite
like this as an outfit whoo almost done
but this is the Topshop jumper I love
this lovely fit very comfy this is the
Finders Keepers dress which I'm actually
a bit disappointed by and I think that
this was quite Spenny I just don't feel
like it really fits me properly
like I don't think that it's very
flattering where it should be and it's
quite load down I think I'd have it
slightly higher so I think I'll probably
return this to be honest but I am a bit
sad about that because I really love the
print and I love like the style of the
dress and the dress that I thought my
mum would like I don't like it's just a
bit baggy here not nice quality I feel
like a sauce is very hit and miss you
can either get something that's a sauce
branded that's so nice
this just doesn't feel nice at all and I
this gives me no hope that I will ever
be able to wear this chrysalis so this
is also going to be returned I think
which is a shame because I think if it
was nicer I think it would be a really
nice dress to wear very flattering but
no okay now I finished that let me know
if you liked any of them or if you agree
with me on the things I'm gonna send
back I will sort this out later but for
now Mia now if you're heading out for a
Sunday roast with his family which would
be really nice because I am starving
we're back from the roast it was delish
not gonna lie I'm kind of tired it's not
even that late I've just been watching
it dancing and ice and fishing up some
editing and now I'm gonna have a little
bath I'm trying to decide if I want to
do a lush sleepy bath an MOA fortifying
green bath potion I might do a bit of
both doing that will smell weird maybe
this is probably one of my favourite
scents from lush it's the sweet tonka
lavender scent it's incredible I love it
it also makes bubbles whereas this
doesn't but this is very good for you
peppermint yarrow and fennel I just
don't know if they
things mix will soon see right I'm going
to turn this bath on as the baths
running I've come in here to get my book
of choice at the moment I'm kind of
ahead with the zoella book club this
month and next month I've already read
February's book and Marches book which
is kind of cheating but I'd already read
January's book in like last year so I
started the year on February's book and
I finished that so then I started on
March this book and I just couldn't put
it down because I finished that I'm
going back to my Harry Potter I started
reading this last year and I'm didn't
get very far and then we started the
book club came back to it January and
then obviously got sucked into the two
zoella book club book so now I'm back to
this I just love it
although it's so difficult because I
start reading it and then I just want to
watch the films and then I get stuck in
like a Harry Potter film and book
marathon I'm going to try and read at
least three of these this year and then
I'll do more next year maybe even four
but I'm not gonna lie I never read all
of the Harry Potter books I think I was
like how old was I it must have been 14
when the fourth one came out because I
feel like it was like every year since I
was 10 and the fourth book Goblet of
Fire was the first one that was really
chunky and I remember on now I was
definitely younger I don't know when did
the fourth one come out but I just
remember thinking like reading wasn't
cool then and I just got into like MSN
and texting and basically technology
distractions and so I think I got like
halfway through and then I kind of went
through a phase of barely reading
anything unless I had to for school so
I've only ever read like three and a
half so I want to try and read like all
of them properly because I'm obsessed
with the films
and I know what happens in the books but
I've not fully read past three and a
half I know it's a mammoth task but I
want to do it so I'm gonna read this in
the bath
I'm story short taking this into the
bath with me and alfie is asleep
downstairs he's having a nap in front of
the fire really nice evening really nice
weekend it's been kind of weird like
picking up my camera on vlogging again I
feel like when I was editing yesterday's
footage I just I think I seemed a bit
shy and I knew that was gonna happen I'm
gonna get my PJs where are they I'm sat
on them my new PJ's I'm gonna put these
on after the bath yeah that is my Sunday
evening I hope you've had an equally
lovely Sunday evening also okay bath has
been had makeup is off got my PJs on and
I think I'm gonna go downstairs get a
pint of water because I just I'm so
thirsty after that bath and then watch
some TV and go to bed but I hope you
enjoyed this vlog and I'll see you again
very very soon
nice
