hi guys just quickly I want to say
before you watch this video that all
Adsense and through this video will be
donated straight to the covert 19 NHS
charities appeal I will leave a link in
the description box for any of you that
have anything to spare to give it would
be incredible to be able to do that will
help in some way if you have nothing you
can donate make sure to share the link
and if you watch all the ads on this
video we can maximize the amount of this
video makes also just want to point out
I have already made a personal donation
as well but yeah thanks so much and I
hope you enjoy the video good morning
everybody welcome to Tuesday it's
actually the afternoon isn't it do you
know why so early I was awake at half
6:00 this morning oh yeah so I have an
earlier breakfast therefore I'm ready
for lunch earlier for today's lunch
I am recreating my favorite bagel man
bagel which is the halloumi which has
halloumi hummus spinach and avocado it's
so good and I'm miss eating it on my
lunch break so that's what I decided to
make today so if you're after any lunch
inspiration when you've got those
ingredients lying around to be honest
the secret ingredient that makes it so
damn tasty is a smoky Chipotle ketchup
are you gonna have this in yours yeah
good I just love a bagel I think bagels
are one of my favorite bread varieties
good we haven't even been in lockdown
that long and I'm talking about my
favorite bread variety what's yours
your favorite way to have bread your
favorite bread item yeah with the bread
that like sticks in your mouth yeah
right so you want to toast your bagel
first still gonna grab a plate now she's
having something different in his we
won't judging Brett oh look at that oh
you can't see it yeah then you one
actually turn it off
now we warn to cut some a buy half of
this feels right and the other one
doesn't
so see what that looks like
[Applause]
yeah what do you actually want in it
chicken Elohim us
chiquan oh that sounds so then what
would I get in Babel man normally did
you want a bit yeah I think a little bit
of hummus okay that's an Abba yeah
you're gonna do a please Rick manic
getting neither could you tips it's so
funny I used to take yeah but I think
that's gone no she's gone off and he
just gets better better
I'm not sure
that's true gorgeous this is gonna be
the best baby we've ever had just so you
know okay just gonna watch me at birth
this morning I didn't bloody came
downstairs to a blue tit in our
conservatory
I said please love putting it away you'd
have to be very cold to have a blue tit
or an avatar that's fine it's actually
not as kind of sexy do you want spinach
or not or not yeah go on
nah oh okay look at that oh my god
all correct soaps
you've got something missing but it's
your chicken chicken sauce yeah
I really like a smoky sauce
like I love my smoked paprika on my eggs
I think it's cuz I don't do spicy so
smoky for me is like my version of spicy
I just wish we did raunchy hey I wish is
a big thick I wish artichoke dip was a
big yeah that's one thing I really miss
about going to New York
[Applause]
daddy artichoke dip I said to Alfie
when we when we have to do our next food
shock we try to find an artichoke even
though that is very not an essential
item but if you happen to pass water in
the shop we can look up how you make it
I'm assuming it's like cheese more than
you can imagine
look at this can you see it look at that
let's go it on yes it's my favorite
lunch and that was the last two bagels
so I'm gonna really savor this in the
five minutes I've got to eat it what
time should me in life do a must do all
my heart what prompted me and what do
alive
this is so sad otter by minutes I'm
gonna eat this and then I've got a
worker okay I've done quite a few of my
video meetings for the day so I thought
I would come outside and get a little
bit of Sun although so hang that there's
a little bit of a breeze today it's not
as warm as the weekend and there's a
weird smell of like a key drain in the
air do you know the smell I mean it's
coming from hope it's not hard rain even
though it's sunny there's a bit of a
breeze um so I've put this on this was
actually a birthday present from DOM and
his family and it's extremely cozy but I
was trying to look for a jumper because
I just felt a bit chilly why it's sunny
is it's a nice day but I feel the cold
very easily this was the closest thing
to me so I put it on and until what
Filipa deck until I get really super
toasty in it which will probably be at
about 10 minutes I just thought I'd put
it on to acclimatize you know although I
fell out all the bugs are coming at me
it's like one of those big hoodie
blanket things mark got me one similar
to this too for Christmas I love them I
just live in them also brought an honor
outside with me she was in such a deep
sleep I was calling her she wasn't
waking up so I went over to her and just
picked her up in the bed and just
carried her and the bed outside you love
being outside don't you this is like a
dream like I just want to be a dog and
lie in this in the Sun right now you are
so lucky do you know that let me sleep
anyway I'm just gonna sit out here for a
bit with my water and try and get
through my to-do list you can't see my
thumb
[Music]
first question the non-directional name
all five original members I'm sorry
last names as well yeah I'm God
oldest member of One Direction that's
the second question oh yeah I don't know
who the oldest one is guys I really miss
one direction I'm not going to lie okay
oh wait you were me got a whole lot of
history McManus Matt Cardle was it
Rebecca Ferguson yes okay so that was
out eight - what did everyone get three
five three oh hey Alfie how did I beat
you and he got one point for everything
hey question - what does Gretchen get
for Hanukkah but Regina George does not
let her keep right question five
was the answer in the last round of the
mathletes state championship ok question
7 what did Damien sing at the talent
show how many candy canes this gang
Glenn Cocco get you go
yeah this was definitely my round the
other two not so good this wasn't really
my round either the I think I'm just
shitty on the last round of the
mathletes SEC Championship the limit
does not exist very question six Aaron
Samuels yep oh I drew a picture
calculate and then tell me what you got
overall every round was out of eight
I've got 14 I got 12
oh my being done yow snoring um it's a
little bit later it's the evening I'm
super tired for some reason I woke up at
half 6:00 this morning and like jumped
out of bed ready for the day so I think
that's finally caught up with me what is
the time 9:00 p.m. okay
I reckon that's about my bedtime so I'm
gonna head up now but I've just been
chilling on the sofa in my little
blanket hoodie playing on Animal
Crossing I've spent the last couple of
sessions on this trying to tidy my
island up a bit because when you start
watching other people play or what does
this Teddy want um you start watching
other people play you realize how great
they've made the islands and
or much cool stuff they have and how
much more advanced they are than you oh
he's giving me something
Oh thing is this character called Teddy
I don't know if any of you have got him
as well he's really into his fitness and
he's like a bit of a lad so every gift
he gives me is to do with working out
let's see what gave me a football I
swear I spend so much time giving these
fellow Islanders great gifts and I get
really crap ones back from them oh well
the thought that counts
yeah so I've just been trying to make my
island look skews really trying to make
my island look a little bit better for
those of you that are playing how do you
feel about funny day I know a lot of
people are sick of the eggs I had
already made all my DIYs by day two so
I'm I'm done if I'm given a challenge I
have to do it out of all of our friends
I think I'm the only one that's done it
oh I don't know about Alexia actually
she might have done it everyone else
just hated the eggs and did not get
involved I don't think but I embraced
the eggs on the first two days I think
maybe 12 days is probably a bit long to
be collecting eggs but I've enjoyed it
so far I've made my house at like a
bunny day room ready for the big day you
know me I was always gonna decorate for
Easter but I think I'm gonna go to bed
so I'll see you again tomorrow
good morning it's Wednesday and myself
and Alfie are starting the day off with
an hour of tidying and sorting and
cleaning so the room that's getting the
treatment today is the living room which
is just a bit messy like the cushions
aren't plumped it's not been hoovered in
a while and there's just stuff in here
that shouldn't be in here
so get started on that
[Music]
sorry so it's a little bit later in the
day Alfie and I ventured out to do our
first food shop that we've done since
this whole thing happened which I stayed
in the car because it's one person per
household and yeah that went well the
supermarket were wiping down trolleys
before handing them to people everybody
kept their distance
Alfie said it was a very well-organized
system which is great and now we've got
lots of food keeps going for the
forseeable myself and Marc are about to
do an Instagram live so if you don't
already follow me in Instagram make sure
you do because I'm doing a lot over
there that's a little bit more instant
but if you just prefer to catch up on
the block's that's fine
all just a little turtle burp do that me
and Marc are about to go live I'm really
excited about it I know a lot of you
have been watching my Marx vlogs over
the past couple of weeks just to keep
your spirits up which I love and
obviously we miss each other a lot like
we've not been able to see each other
we're like voice noting a face to each
other like every day but I thought it
might be nice for you guys to see us
together as well so yeah we're gonna do
a little insta live at 6 o'clock we
actually have an end time on it we
should probably do that otherwise we
could end up being on it for the whole
day there's a wasp in here that's not
great but yeah I'm really excited tripod
out ok right seen a bit me and Mark have
just finished our live there he is
picking his nose your waah oh no some of
your bulbs have gone you have to see if
there's any bulbs when you do your next
big shop wasn't it so nice
oh there was some really lovely people
then asking us some really nice comments
we did a little who's most likely to
answered a couple of questions and then
just have a little chat it was nice it
was really chilled
yeah so if any of you came to that let
us know if you want us to do it more we
would say maybe we'll do one a week like
a little catch-up we should do one in
the morning too we're both just getting
ready for the day I love watching people
like getting ready together I'm now
watching alive with Jeanette and Diane
talking about stripping me and working
with their partners such fab ladies I'm
gonna run myself a bar carry on watching
some lives there's so many people right
now going live on Instagram I'd love to
know who you guys have been watching
because every time I go on my Instagram
there's so many people doing lives it's
so hard to choose which one to watch I
love them they just feel very like off
the cuff and like read chilled and yeah
I'm really enjoying the variety of
people going live there's so much
contact people to consume right now
which i think is really great anyway
yeah let me know who's live shows you've
been watching more any that you think I
should tune into this is like my
favorite time of the evening to have a
park when it's just like what's it
called it's got a name it's after sunset
Twilight maybe this is like my favorite
time anyway so I think I'm gonna do a
bar bomb not sure which one
chili app he bought me one right before
this whole thing in there right before
this whole thing happened it's what they
label I should know what this one is
it's from lush and it smells fabulous so
I'm gonna start running a bar pop this
in maybe do a little face mask I feel
that my skin is felt really dry today
but you can see every like crease and
wrinkle but yeah that's my little Fink
lands for anyone that wants to know I
had a few questions on this jumper in
the live show it's from ASOS out at the
bar and me and Alfie are making dinner
I'm doing some pacster I think Tom post
some pasture on our stories and it looks
so good I was like I'm gonna copy your
dinner tonight so I'm doing something
similar where I'm gonna have some torn
mozzarella some cherry tomatoes some
spinach some crispy onions some cherry
some cherry tomato and basil stir and
pasta sauce and then Joe and Diane got
us this or they went back to Australia
which is probably all Shiraz balsamic
and I'm gonna put out as well I'm in a
bit
[Music]
there we go
probably being this for lunch tomorrow
as well no it's lovely
