hello everybody it has been a hot minute
since I uploaded a vlog mainly due to
the fact that I got ill I had something
wrong with my stomach which was weird
that was like a week and then I got this
terrible cold which I still have that is
really holding on in fact I've never had
a cold last this long or be this intense
in my whole life definitely isn't
coronavirus I'm going to touch words
just in case but I don't have I have a
cough but it's not a dry cough which is
kind of gross but I'm very snotty and
that isn't one of the symptoms that has
men I've just felt so drained zapped of
energy and just been feeling generally
really rundown and rubbish and every
time I thought I felt okay I pushed
myself to do something or go somewhere
and I would then feel ten times worse
the next day so I think it was my body's
way of being like [ __ ] sit down do
nothing stop working let me recover so
that's what I've been trying to do
basically with everything that's
happening with the coronavirus right now
it's a really weird scary unknown time
and I'm really aware that a lot of you
watching this will be struggling in some
capacity everyone will be feeling things
at varying different levels different
kind of anxieties around what's going on
and I've seen firsthand a lot of people
really struggling to deal with
everything that's going on right now for
that reason I'm going to try and keep my
content as normal as possible obviously
I mean it's a very big serious thing
that is happening and it will
occasionally be talked about or pop up
here and there because naturally it's
something that is going on in all of our
lives as much as I can I'm going to be
very sensitive to the fact that a lot of
you are coming here for an escape and
for a reason not
to think about it and I am so aware of
that I myself I'm doing the same thing
with the content that I'm consuming
right now I said yesterday on my
Instagram stories sorry if you've
already seen that I am kind of repeating
myself but I feel like I need to say
this before I carry on looking the day
and vlogging over the next couple of
weeks just because I don't want any of
you to think I'm being insensitive or
I'm avoiding it or I'm being ignorant or
it's not something that I am thinking
about I'm thinking about this all the
time I'm thinking about it a lot and
actually for me to be vlogging and
giving you guys something to watch to
help you is a great distraction for me
as well and I'm really excited to create
content that I hope will make you smile
or at least make you not feel so bad
with everything that's going on right
now I'm also not going to be giving any
advice or talking about it in great
detail as I said on Instagram the place
to go for that is to check in with your
government whichever country you are
living in check in with your government
and kind of get your updates there with
what you should be doing what's going on
any health advice should always be taken
from health care professionals and
that's the NHS for us here in the UK I
am not the person I don't know enough
you know I know what you know and I'm
learning as you're learning and we're
all in this together and it feels really
weird but I want to as I said I want to
try and bring a sense of normality where
I can I can't say that that means coming
to my videos is gonna be a 100% Corona
free place I can't say that because this
is my life my everyday life and you know
if I hear something positive about it or
something some huge development happens
I'm probably going to document it in
some way but I am also just very very
very aware of the
amount of you that have messaged me
saying please just continue as normal
that's all I want to see your contents
my escape and it makes me feel more
relaxed and that's what I'm gonna try
and do ya upstairs from home with this
one for god knows how long
to be fair I work from home half the
week anyway so for me it hasn't felt too
different yet other than loads of time
and be like some Tom and Jerry that's
not me you're just putting my voice over
it's not even Alfie I did say I reckon
is gonna be a baby boom in December and
January yeah I know so it's crazy I
didn't realize until the other day
because your head scarves you know I
didn't realize if you have sex once you
get pregnant you have sex again you get
pregnant again you have two babies in
there it's madness isn't that thing
carry babies people are gonna be having
Oh what you just said makes no sense you
know dogs can do that they yeah yeah she
was part of two different litters but no
one at the same time yeah I'll see is
have Antonis you know Alfie like here's
I actually don't why now though no but
this is what I'm so surprised about like
alfea's mister I can't sit down like in
that video we filmed you were like I
admire how you can do nothing
yeah I think I know why though legit I'm
not missing out on anything
everyone's happened to do that if
everyone else was living day to day
normal life you'd be and they were like
Instagram story and going having fun I
would be like I'm missing out right but
right now I know I'm not missing out
yeah that's true which sounds ridiculous
coming in by somewhere my head it makes
sense you do want to sit on definitely
me um I think Nala is a bit like what's
going on why are you both here so much
why is no one there are a lot of amazing
employees out there and if you are one
of those people that is
watching this that are still working
every day whether you're part of the NHS
or you're working in a supermarket or
you are caring for somebody if you're a
carer or if you are you know our local
delivery man Jeremy I didn't finish what
I'm saying you're doing a [ __ ]
incredible job so we're just gonna keep
on keeping on I'm gonna just try and
keep normal like I just said in my blog
guys like I still want to be getting up
having a shower getting fresh every day
like it'll be very easy to slip into
like my stand pajamas today but then I
feel like after doing that for a week or
two it would start affecting you would
it would affect you more than just what
you're doing so I still want to like for
me I want to make an effort to still get
up get dressed do all like my normal
meetings at the normal times I would but
just via sky for whatever yeah yeah it's
nice to have a bit of routine I think we
better dress right now than we ever are
would we go out well I'm thinking we put
more I know I'm almost feeling well done
I pretty much have lived in my pajamas
for like the last two weeks so I just
thought I'd stop my vlog with that and I
am sending out a massive virtual three
foot away hug to you is it six foot I
think it's it oh okay well I'm sending
you a virtual hug to those of you that
are really struggling with this right
now because I know that that's a lot of
people okay so what are we doing today
I've got what calm and 34 minutes but
I've got to finish working on a deck for
it
I've got a work call at 1:00 I work
called act you need to show you and a
work call at 2:30 and we're all like in
the group chat still messaging each
other like morning everyone because I'm
just very aware I don't want people to
feel lonely and also when office manager
does like Friday drinks at 4:00 p.m.
every Friday and we're still doing that
if she's even done a quiz we're doing it
clear we're all gonna go I'm gonna make
a cocktail yeah
that's tomorrow and then we'll all have
a drink at the same time together and
okay I'll do a quiz which will be nice
and one thing I would really love to
know is what kind of content would you
like to see obviously bearing in mind
it's gonna be home related
I did ask on insta story about favorite
restaurants bloody ell I arson it's the
stories and I got quite a lot of really
great suggestions but I just thought
it'd be nice to ask you guys here as
well what you want to see what would
make you happy right now and between us
we will do our best to deliver that to
you will do load of Instagram lives
wanna yeah just more data are you okay
what are you doing she's just done she's
gone through my leg were you doing just
a warm weather cold in the south she is
being funny isn't she she's acting a bit
I guess cuz we're just here she's like
what is going on why why you guys here
anyway excited to work from home with me
I actually am you know oh yeah
no genuinely I'm enjoying I'm enjoying
it more than what I thought I would hmm
not the self isolation and all of the
situation is and it's enjoyable do you
not I mean
but considering the circumstances yeah
it is what it isn't it just have to try
and make the most of the situation in
any way you can that's why I was just
chatting with delivery driver now and he
just said my son's not gonna be doing
any of his exams and he's so gutted he's
worked so hard for his exams coming on
and he's so gutted that he can't do them
guess it's GCSEs yeah and you said but
is really just can't do anything come
away you squat today carry on let's go
get cracking on bloody out this is home
video in itself 18 minutes geez if you
thought those videos were long before
these videos are gonna be like three
hours no not gonna be an hour
no audio 18 minutes
my video my video that's going up
tonight is 25 minutes or something okay
long for you exactly something you're
getting bloody three hours no I'm not
only it's only cuz I to do a big chunky
chat big old chunky chat you love a
chunky chat I did have a chitchat
I'm gonna go make myself a hot chocolate
get set up for my meeting and alfea's
right I do still have a book to write so
to be honest nothing yeah now if he's
also write this log is probably gonna be
three hours long I am still writing
magpie Society I'm not gonna lie I
haven't done much in the last week just
because I felt ill and with all this
going on my headspace didn't have any
room to think about writing a book so I
think as it currently stands me and Amy
are about eight chapters from the end
which is good going if I say so myself
I've got four more chapters to write and
I think Amy's probably got around the
same amount but we haven't obviously
been able to meet this week we like to
do our regular meetings just to see what
we've both done but because we've not
been able to do that it's all just been
yeah so we've got a magpie meeting I
don't actually know what this meetings
about but it's got a lot of people in it
we'll see I've got this on Netflix it's
the sugar rush Christmas special I never
actually got to watch it at
Christmastime but I'm obsessed with this
programme I love it i binge watched all
the series that came out before this in
like two days about a year ago and I was
gutted when I realized there weren't
more to watch and then when this came
out I was like yes it's like my favorite
show and Christmas so I just started
watching that this morning it made me
happy
I liked it
using the hotel Chocolat velvet Iser
Alfie got for Christmas which I think
I've used more than Alfie has put some
milk in up to the max line I'm popping
this in this is the milky 50% a single
serve hot chocolate it's kind of like
broken up bits of chocolate it's so good
[Applause]
pop the lid on it turned on yep turn is
he locked working I'll feel your velvet
eyes is broken yeah dono won't turn on
oh no don't make it work so I just used
the frother on the coffee machine which
actually looks pretty damn good oh my
god looks delicious
mmm look at that okay I'm about to join
meeting one of the day yeah hello hi Oh
where's my camera
oh there we go okay it's working there
you are hi there she is
oh she's doing a little gag oh face
become
oh my god dogs
our first magpie meeting where we all
have to be in a different room this is
the future and I don't know
hello guys so it's been a while since
the last bit of footage that you just
watched and that is because my cold
seemed to have got a lot worse before it
got better I thought I was in the all
clear and I was getting better and then
I got struck with a chest infection
which meant that if I spoke ate drank
breathed I was coughing up my lungs so
that wasn't really very fun but I died
for looking after me and there's worse
things going on in the world
I shall not complain about a chest
infection in fact there was one point
where I was on the phone to my mom and I
was like I think I might have to go and
see a doctor but I don't want to because
I don't want to be taking up other
people's appointments and I know the NHS
is really stretched right now and I
don't want to be freaking people out in
the waiting room with my cough so I just
didn't I just stayed in bed drank a lot
of fluids and took a lot of paracetamol
and thankfully I started feeling a
little bit better just as it was my
birthday so yeah I'm now 30 hi my name
is Zoey and I am 30 years old age is a
number I don't really feel like I'm
thirsty but then does anyone ever feel
like their actual age I don't know had a
really lovely day for my birthday
obviously we used to date in we didn't
see anyone or anything but it was a
really nice day and Alfie made so much
effort and it still felt like my
birthday and it still felt really
special so love him for doing that we
did things like I don't know if you
follow me on instagram you would have
seen but Alfie planned with his family
at 6 p.m. for us to all be making pizzas
so they were in their houses and we were
all on FaceTime making pizzas together
with pizza dough which was so nice and
my friend Katie and her fiance Simon
hosted a quiz so that was like four I
think it's four or five different rounds
and we all did a massive big group quiz
which was really really fun
and partner wait excuse me no none of
that I'm trying to say is I'm feeling
much better
I'm now 30 years old I really hope you
guys are doing well
and that you know we're all getting
through this together
and you're allowed your rocky days
you're allowed to feel sometimes like
you don't have the brain capacity to
deal with what's going on we're in the
middle of a bloody pandemic you know
what I mean
so if you needed to hear that from me
today then I hope that's helped and I
saw someone posted on Instagram today
that was like you don't have to have
learnt a new skill you don't have to be
doing this that and the other like we're
in the middle of a pandemic like deal
with it how you want to deal with it do
what you want to do to make you feel
better and if that means sitting on your
sofa with no bra and your hair scrunched
up in a topknot and watching box sets
backed back and playing on Animal
Crossing which is basically what I did a
lot of then that's fine you do you
alternatively if getting up getting
dressed putting on some makeup doing
your hair following along on Instagram
with someone's fitness regime or baking
long which I'm going to be doing a bit
of today and doing things is also making
you feel better then that's great I'll
probably be doing a mixture of both
I'll have days where all I want to do is
play Animal Crossing and I have days
where I'll get up and feel like flogging
and feel like doing stuff and working so
as long as there's a little mixture of
the two but yeah weird times we're all
trying to find a balance and that's
where I've been I really want to film an
IG TV video of making a banana life
which everyone has already done but I
had black bananas and I was like oh and
also I'm not seeing a chocolate chip one
yet and you know me it ain't gonna be
the healthiest of recipes and if I can
put chocolate into something then I'm
bloody gonna so I'm gonna do chocolate
'banahna for IPTV but I'm also gonna
film it here as well because I know that
you guys like to have the option of both
so I've just set out all the ingredients
got your bananas your butter your sugar
your flour your eggs actually I'm going
to talk you through it now on my camera
so you want to put your oven at 140
Celsius if you have a fan oven or 160 if
not which does sound quite low but just
trust me this recipe is a maryberry
recipe but I always double it and I have
a lot of secret ingredients on top as
well so we have 2 eggs 2 tablespoons of
milk a hundred grams of chocolate chips
a teaspoon of bicarbonate of soda a
teaspoon of baking powder two very ripe
bananas a hundred grams of butter 150
grams of caster sugar and 150 grams of
plain flour then you're just gonna want
a little left in a bowl and your hand
whisk or a wooden spoon but it's easier
with a hand whisk and then this which I
like to sprinkle on the top for a bit of
extra crunch is Demerara sugar which I
don't know if you'll have but I have
some and it's not essential but it is
quite nice also if you are not into
chocolate chips or you don't have any
currently in your cupboard then you can
always leave those out or you could put
raisins sultanas nuts anything that you
fancy or you could always crumble up an
easter egg and put that in this recipe
by the way is not groundbreaking it's
nothing crazy it's not hard at all but
it is always my go-to if I'm gonna do a
banana bread or a banana loaf this is
the recipe that I'll always use and it's
particularly nice for breakfast I've
done this a few times and we've had like
breakfast meetings because it's so easy
just
throw in a bowl mix up very quickly
throw it into a baking tin and then
because you have to bake it for over an
hour
I then go upstairs and get ready for the
day so it's one of those things that's
like if you if you feel a little bit
prepared it's a nice thing to do in the
morning and then when you come back down
and you're ready for the day you've got
fresh warm banana bread to eat it's
really good I'm ready to film the IG TV
Alfie's gonna help me do you think this
will end in a separation we've not tried
to do anything working together yet
we've still been very separate I was
literally saying in the video the other
day I was like so mean like somebody
asked me that the old Q&A segment so I
was like I mean so we argued Amaro yeah
no and I said we've actually argue far
less than we thought I am not gonna lie
I was I was like this is gonna end bad
and I said in the video I was like I'm
saying there's always been Ilyn in bed
most of times we haven't actually done
much together because she's not well so
we haven't like had the opportunity and
this is it this is the first one let's
see how this goes if the TV doesn't know
what then you know why I'd love to know
how you guys are all getting on with
your significant others how's it been
both working from home because for a lot
of people they've never worked alongside
their partner or the other day are you
eating the chocolate chips can you know
you can't move if I call treatment Alfie
stop that's not 100 grams now 99.9 yeah
well the opposite imagine people that
are like see each other every day but
don't live together and then now they're
not together and after you separate for
like a month or two as in they worked
together
no is it just people that are in a
relationship all but different houses
the home scene your boyfriend/girlfriend
partner whatever yeah that would be sad
I need a tripod for this
do we have one line around oh I see a
few days is gone no no no no no no no I
told you where your one is well you've
already left it is in the bed don't run
steal my one day wanna film in stealing
my stuff I mean it will be much quicker
for you to just let me before oh no I
wouldn't
yeah so if we argue do you give me
permission to leave it in so that you
confirm you started your being pregnant
yeah it's me then let's leave that out
your junk food does look so much like
the sky right now I do a little i G TV
today again so I don't know I think it
was everyone for the bottom and boy I'm
gonna - Mike you ready - one little bit
of faith King I didn't want saying wait
thing you wanna do is pop keep an honor
in and then using a fork just want to
mash it a little bit I'm trying to make
your home a little bit less I don't care
about that in with the butter
Mary's method is pretty much throw it
all in which I like sugar plain flour
by car by car baking powder
I guess you go which I never do
oh no chocolate chips you don't that's
place and milk and two eggs which went
off March that first so I'm just gonna
crap them into this bowl just in case
they should be fine I can hear my mom
now saying oh they'll be fine Zoe but
last time she said that I cracked an egg
and it was black and it sprayed out all
over me and I smelt like a bubble so
nice to check I think that all right two
eggs
God make do with what we've got right
now okay using a hand whisk I'm
literally just gonna flip this all up
you don't want to overmix it though you
just want to make sure everything is
combined
[Music]
once your ingredients are all combined
now is when you want to add your
chocolate chips because if you add them
in before you just blitz them all up and
then you don't actually have chocolate
chips at all please sprinkle those in
and then just using a spoon I'm gonna
fold them in I'm just going to want to
pour it in to your tin now I've pulled
it in I'm just gonna put a little bit of
Demerara on the topic
oops
I mean just a little bit just a little
bit it's going in the oven and this
usually when it's half the ingredients
so if you're following Mary Berry's
recipe which I'll leave in a little link
in the description bit it's about 40 to
45 minutes but because we've doubled the
recipe I usually put it in for around an
hour I'll do the prick test in around an
hour's time so while the banana loaf is
baking I thought I would just sit down
have a little chat obviously okay
obviously it's just gonna be a lot of
the this kind of video just sitting down
having a chat because it's just mean
Alfie at home so I thought I would do a
little update I guess of what I've been
enjoying some of the things I'm doing
right now and what got me through
feeling ill which with this Alfie's had
one of these for a real long time no
he's had the one that you can pull the
controls off the side I think this one
is a light version or something I don't
know I'm probably saying that wrong I'm
not really a gamer I don't watch gaming
videos I I mean I'm just wouldn't put
myself in the category of a gamer ever I
used to play The Sims a lot from like
the age of my god is he doing in there
from the age of like nine or whenever
the Sims came out my summer holidays
were consumed with the Sims when I've
got time I can get really obsessed with
things and they take over my whole life
oh my battery's flushing ah so annoying
so I used to love the Sims I like
reality style games I suppose I mean
what is the Sims what category does that
go into I'm not too sure the Sims and
theme Hospital and theme park world and
things like rollercoaster tycoon
stuff like that I love those are the
only games I've ever played in my entire
life
and Alfie told me
to play animal crossing the other day on
his and I literally was like no I'm not
into it it doesn't look good like I'm
used to the sins where people look
pretty lifelike and there's a lot to do
and I looked at animal crossing and I
was like it just looks a bit basic or I
don't know I just I just thought nah
it's not for me
and then he literally just like put it
in my hand and was like just try it just
for half an hour you were nothing else
to do and I was like alright then so I
had a go and then I was like oh man I'm
addicted like I couldn't put it down
either all this is good it's kind of
story based game which is my favorite
kind and I got really into it and then
Alfie ordered me my own Nintendo switch
and I downloaded the game and start
again on this along with poppy Shaun
Steve Alexia and then Alfie restarted
his game because we were kind of sharing
an island which you can do but we want
it around so all of us now have this
what's that chat where we're all just
like guys this fish I caught guys and we
go on and we FaceTime each other and we
will go to each other's Islands and
we're getting really into it I think
it's a combination of not being able to
like see my friends and do things
together so this kind of feels like our
version of like doing fun things
together but also the game takes you to
a whole of the world and I think right
now it's something that me and a lot of
other people are really craving and to
kind of go into this other world and
like there's a museum on there if you
have the game surprisingly on my
Instagram a lot of you are playing it
the museum and there when I go in there
I feel the most calm I have felt in like
the last three months just going into my
museum and watching the fish in the
tanks I'm like this is the best thing
I've ever seen could be because I
haven't been out of this house for like
over two weeks but yeah Animal Crossing
New Horizons
is fantastic and I never thought I would
say that next thing
is the zoella book club I know I've
spoken about this before but I think
more than ever a lot of people are
looking for kind of a sense of community
online and also reading a lot more so I
just thought I would mention it again
make sure you are checking the website
which is literally WWll code at UK and
also follow the zoella account Instagram
because we're still sharing lots of
content and hopefully it's kind of
giving you something to read something
to do something to make you feel good
and I just thought was worth mentioning
about the book of this month well the
book for March that's just gone we're
just reviewing this now was one of us is
lying by Karen McManus I loved this let
me know what you thought down here and
go over to our post on Instagram it's
not actually currently up I don't know
when it's going up but like get involved
in conversation I love when people
follow along with the book club because
I don't know I'm one of those people
that when I'm reading something I really
love to know that there's other people
reading it at the same time and then
being able to like all discuss it
afterwards is fun so yeah this was our
March book so let me know if any of you
read that or if you've read it before
and you really enjoyed it if you are
after a book recommendation I highly
recommend this I really really loved it
it's a why a it's based in a high school
and it follows a narrative of four
different characters which I absolutely
loved and there's a death of a student
at the beginning and it kind of follows
the story of it unfolding so if you like
a bit of a thriller and you like kind of
a high school thriller vibe I think
you'll really like this
moving on to April's book which is why
I'm talking about it here I'm gonna go
and grab it because it's currently in
the conservatory wait one second
look for April if any of you want to
follow along or I guess now now's the
time where Kindles are pretty useful
because you don't have to order a book
to your house or go to book shop you can
just download it but I have hardcopy for
the purposes of being able to do this
and also for the office and photos it's
marrying keys grownups quite a chunky
one it's almost like this month we
predicted we'd have a little more time
on our hands
Marion keys grown-ups had some great
things about this just thought it looked
really interesting I'm not real I I have
literally read about 25 pages so far so
I can't really give you much more than
that but if you do want to join in with
us around a book club for this month
that is what the book is and I'd love to
know if you are planning to join oh I
made a little song challenge slash
collaboration so my friends in my group
chat on whatsapp sent this like song
challenge I've seen quite a few of them
around every day for 30 days you have a
different song prompt and you pop it
into a playlist or you just share the
song that kind of goes with what it is
that it's actually to do so for example
day one you'll go to karaoke song day
two a song that makes you happy
day through your favorite seventies song
lots of different song prompts for 30
days and there's lots of them online and
we were doing one in our friend group
chat and I was like I just love this
because we were all adding to one
Spotify playlist so we were all sharing
a playlist and every day we were adding
in a song that related to the the prompt
and it actually ended up being the most
banging playlist because we've all got
like such different tastes but also so
many songs I'm like oh my god Herman
that song like it's just great so if
you're looking for something fun to do
with your friends who you can't spend
any time with right now or your family I
have
I've won with teen zoella so
all adding to it every day and I have
one with all of our fees family so I've
got the team zoella quarantine playlist
and the day's family quarantine playlist
and I created a little graphic with
different song prompts every day for 30
days it was shared on the seller account
and I'll it's you just whacked it up on
my stories now but it's been so fun
seeing you doing it on insta stories as
well like every day I'm sharing my song
choice on insta stories but I also love
the the collaborative aspect of it so
all of us adding a different song every
day I really love seeing what people
pick like I love seeing like Shawn's
karaoke let's go to and like I just I
don't know it's really really fun so
it's really easy to setup
if you're going to Spotify when you
create a playlist you can change one of
the settings that it says collabora
collaborative playlist as long as you
tick that and you send the link to like
your family or your friends group chat
then they can follow it and add songs so
that's another thing I did that's really
fun and I'm really enjoying I do feel
like I'm gonna be that annoying person
though every day that's like don't
forget to put your song in look it's
only day two and I've already been like
pestering people like hey you've not put
your song in yet just I just don't want
anyone to stop doing it on day two I'd
make me really sad maybe like day 25 but
not day two I'm so an Aries right so I
think yeah those are a couple of things
I've been really enjoying if you want to
do the 30 day song collaboration or just
post the song that is relevant to you
somewhere on your stories and
what-have-you then you can find it on
the cellar Instagram account or on my
stories daily so yeah that is kind of a
bit of an update and I'm probably not
gonna film too much more after this
because I'm really aware that this is
probably already very long and all I've
really done is talk to you this entire
video but the banana loaf should be done
soon
say I can smell it it smells bloody
great I'm excited it picks out the oven
it's cold and our thing I have just had
a slice here we go
yeah that's my one I just bit a fee how
it usually comes out I don't know what I
did differently I couldn't do anything
differently but oh I used different
chocolate chips I use smaller chocolate
chips than usual usually I use chocolate
chunks and I use chocolate chips this
time so I don't know whether that meant
all the chocolate just sunk I don't know
I don't know the science behind it but
it's not the best I've ever made it so
that's a bit annoying never mind it was
fun to do and I feel like other people
will throw it on will probably get right
Steelcase delish I ended up putting it
in the oven for around an hour and five
minutes are you making a Moscow Mule
yeah I don't have to make it though lime
cordial ginger beer and vodka have to do
that it's time to make dinner
I've got Arden Rose doing a live stream
from twitch on Animal Crossing hurt
which is a rose 1-86 if you want to go
and watch it me and after you've been
literally been watching her she's doing
a live stream every day this week so
every time we're in the kitchen making
dinner we put her live stream on us
oh he just said in his life he's like
we're in isolation with Arden because
she's Dubois air in our kitchen every
which is funny anyway so for dinner I'm
having what I would call classic child's
come for dinner I'm having potato
waffles with baked beans and fried egg
because we ought we got the waffles
herbs and on the box it's got beans and
egg and I was like oh my god I need to
eat that I don't know why I decided to
do fried egg because I actually can't
cook fried eggs I just find the whole
process very stressful and I'm not very
good at all
I just can't they do smell a bit Bernie
Mac burn I'm gonna turn them off
remember little you [ __ ] yes that's done
yes get in there I've done I turned it
off so just Ricky you just circulate the
Duke scrambled I can do my little poach
or take the shells off I can do a boiled
egg just don't really do fried eggs much
they're not the favorite egg to have
suicide we explain who's sharpening the
kitchen yeah I was in the mood one this
one was broke it's like the most rigid
egg of everything I think I've got any
runny yolk in there as well as aware I
can hear people outside people to beat
them
is it 8 o'clock now that's funny bats
going on 1 minute 1 minute let me open
the front gates okay leave the banging
pots I want to go out eyes we don't
really live in a very built-up area I'm
clapping my thighs on my chest from this
Thursday night thing now I think is
every Thursday yeah oh I love it
school isn't that so good you can't
actually hear it for miles
[Applause]
people are beefing
they're bagging on a source burn down
there's Lao it isn't that there's more
houses down that way look all the bats
like it actually nuts how many bats
there are can you
[Applause]
I cried last week and then I cried every
time I watched everyone's story oh it is
really cool oh but yeah we don't have
that many houses directly around us but
everyone still goes out which is really
cute
it kind of just assumed everyone would
know exactly what we were doing then
because I feel like everyone did it last
week and probably just now but it's a
clap for the NHS Thursday's 8 p.m. just
to show our appreciation for everybody
working on the front lines and all the
key workers the teachers everybody the
carers the people who are on the front
line of the NHS who are working their
absolute asses off to try and keep the
country afloat so if you are one of
those people and you happen to be
watching my vlogs we love you you're
doing a [ __ ] incredible job and
you're amazing and yeah the stuff you're
doing is just absolutely incredible so
thank you so much for the canola please
didn't like it
[Music]
q just taking off my makeup playing
about animal crossing hairband I don't
have one
[Music]
laughing Elsie's singing i'm going to
use this to take off my makeup tonight
it is the bare minerals oil obsessed
total cleansing oil which has a delicate
blend of bilberry orange cucumber and
sunflower oils sounds like roald dahl
characters with bill green orange
gonna use my fav toner the doctor robot
roebucks lifesaver skin brightening
toner which I'm running out on I need to
get some more and then my favorite
nighttime serum which is the Allies of
skin mandelic pigmentation correct a
night serum which I just love just do a
couple my compass poppy days oh my god
this is about to break John taking the
egg white and the egg hey I found my egg
in the garden again don't forget to add
your song k-kill that's what I just said
in my blog
Oh Navas run away I'm actually standing
here on FaceTime to you guys holding a
[ __ ] giant easter egg how much did it
come to oh well good
right I'm gonna hand done my skincare
[Music]
yeah Oh oops oh there we go
I didn't know I was on it
oh look here can you show me what it
looks like
oh that's cold
yeah why are my shower skincare all done
ready for bed
I'm actually really tired yeah alfie is
never like this usually it's usually me
that's like so ready for bed
I've got like the biggest spot here I
feel like I'm gonna get a boost of
energy in a minute though I mean you
just brought an easter egg the size of
my head up to bed if you're gonna set
any of that you're gonna be awake I'll
eat the whole thing I'll eat like half
of it anyway
I'm gonna end this here hope you've
enjoyed this vlog sorry it's been a bit
all over the place
oh it's not focusing sorry that this has
been a bit all over the place but I will
continue to pick up my camera as and
when I feel like you might want to see
what I'm up to
not that it's anything but exciting but
thanks for watching anyway I'll see you
see
