good morning what we can we all have
lockdown now it's not week 57 but it's
probably day 57 we gave half every
weekend
[ __ ] is Friday it's been exactly two
months since I've been in lockdown
anyway because I was ill so I was in
lockdown anyway cuz I didn't feel well
um okay yeah week eight how's everyone
feeling let me know honestly in the
comments are we lucky that we have each
other yes to be fair
hay fevers pretty bad I think this time
of year is tree pollen hay fever if I am
correct there and that's the one I get
and interesting story maybe not
interesting because maybe this is how
allergies work but I never had hay fever
you're so lucky to have each other
saying before people go today I just
ignored you I'm so lucky to have each
other I actually developed my hay fever
how I already got chocolate on this
thank you
we're talking a wall kid I got I would
say this and they're like 400 times I
actually only got hay fever when I was
in my early 20s
no maybe even less than that since have
been a brighter I never had it before
and if I did I wasn't aware of it this
morning going over to work from our fees
of this not sure why change of scenery
[Applause]
yeah and it is also good to leave Nala
for a bit on her own because she is
becoming very oh I've got the key sorry
oh my no I don't feel make this card
wrestle
can't see from here what a load of bits
for future self another machinery and
that's the box says I've been recycled
yeah we'll do it just haven't done it
yeah yes set up if any of your wondering
this is my drink of choice it's an
innocent smoothie probably for kids but
you know who's judging spare battery
covered in chocolate what's this oh my
headphones my phones and my top is from
[Music]
Reformation it's very cute it's got like
fruit all that I love it and these
shorts are miss sky I did 2013 or 2014
think they're old but when you find a
pair of shorts that you love because the
matter what they cost or when you got
them or whether from you just keep them
oh so so far this morning
now do you not need five glasses on your
desk no I do I need some spray art no
yeah
Alfie was like coming for work in my
office it will be fun yeah well what a
mess it's so far this morning I have got
up got ready showered wash my hair did
my hair and then I filmed a bit of
sponsored content for bareMinerals which
is really exciting it's always a dream
getting to work with brands that you
already know love and have used since
you were 17 so that's what I did this
morning now I've got to edit that it was
an IG TV you may have already seen it
because by the time this goes up it
probably already would have gone up and
I'm now going to edit that and I'm gonna
send it over to them for approval as a
present
crap-ton of future self.cards
well you're gonna do with these right
let's send my are GTV for any of you
wondering whenever i film an IG TV
I generally film it Wow the amount of
freaking selfies for the thumbnail that
is that is atrocious that is I'm one of
these people that takes 400 photos bless
you have you not taken a tablet oh I did
see I don't see I took one before out to
folks I was like I can't film a makeup
tutorial with a snotty nose and runny
eyes yeah I'll mostly film on my phone I
don't know why I think the quality is
very good on an iPhone but also it's
just so easy and half the time I will
edit that in film and it's super easy to
do that in fact most of the baking and
cooking IG TVs on my Instagram are just
simply filmed and edited on my iPhone
and then edited in film app but because
this one I need to like chop up quite a
lot I'm gonna edit it in Final Cut
instead I finished your sentence then
like if I watch that footage back though
but you can see my lip twitching yes I
am look if you want me to work with you
shut up
one minute find our color box
I can't deal with you don't mind even
with your dishes that many lose your
signal and now I've got stuff to be
getting on with me another little update
is that mine and Amy's editor Emma and
Abby and Maddie Abby is
my III agent lien and Maddie is
obviously Maddie my manager and then
Amy's agent Juliet has also they've all
said over there edits points they will
read the full manuscript that myself and
Amy finished last week what he's not
read it I don't think I would want you
to read it at this point anyway like
we've kind of limited the amount of
people reading it to only like the
direct people were working with but we
had all of Emma's notes back with
everyone else's notes combined so now I
have until Tuesday which let me tell you
today's Friday and Tuesday ain't long to
finish up all of our second edits there
actually wasn't too much I was really
happy because you know it's always a bit
nerve-wracking merely me have been so
like submerged in this world for so many
years that finally like putting it down
on paper and then having someone else
read it for the first time is a little
bit like oh if she turns around and just
says guys this is this is a pile of [ __ ]
like you still kind of have those like
worries or like for me I know that amy
is a much more prolific experienced
writer and so as we're alternating
chapters and we have a certain character
that we're both kind of writing the
voice of I was really nervous that it
like Emma would come back and say Amy's
character is so much stronger than yours
that you're gonna just have to redo all
your chapters but thankfully thankfully
she didn't say that so I'm really happy
with the feedback that was just some
more like I had a bit more of this add a
bit more of this but there really wasn't
that much of like I don't think this
should be here I don't think you've done
this right
so yeah that's now what happens at this
stage is that me and
troll back over the full manuscript
adding bits in and kind of moving bits
around and solidifying certain elements
of the plot for anyone who is interested
in the process or where we're at that is
where we're currently at and then once
we send over this second edit Amy and I
are going to spend about week to ten
days reading it together over FaceTime
and just adding bits in where we think
or taking bits out where we think going
over line by line word by word letter by
letter so that's gonna be a long week
but I'm still loving it thankfully being
in lockdown
hasn't affected writing a book so that's
been very lucky and a good distraction
yeah we're nearly done we're nearly
there if you haven't yet pre-ordered as
always the links are in the description
box here let me know if you have
pre-ordered and if you're excited to
read it I'm gonna edit now I feel like
I've tried for far too long this is what
happens when I haven't picked up my
camera for a while like like word format
by the tube shoo-shoo be hoops you
[Music]
so I thought it would be interesting to
take you through making well I mean it
might not be interesting at all you
might skip this bit but so many of you
asked me how I make things and how my
Instagram looks the way it is this is
template this is the app that I'm a
co-founder of excuse my son by the way I
like picked the side where it looks
pretty rank so this is template and this
is what I use on a lot of my stories and
oops dropped a headphone and a lot of my
ig TV thumbnails so it gives you the
option to create a feed image or a
gallery which is more than one photo
kind of overlapping and I'm gonna go
story because that's the correct size I
want then you have the option for all of
these Oh sneaky new one on there that's
just been released paper haven't
downloaded that yet and then the way in
which I like to do it is so I'll pick if
I know I want three images I'll pick a
template with three and then I'll add my
images so I'm going to add this one I'm
also going to add this one and I'm going
to add a make up one
then I press tick and then you can see
it in its entirety then I go template
and then you can just flick through and
see what it might look like on all the
different and you can move them all
around and stuff so because I think I
want these two images of my face as the
main focal point and then maybe have
this in the background
I know there's one in here where is it
this one dragged him out there and have
that swapped so that's kind of why I
want then I might move the background
around a bit like have the lipsticks in
shot that I think looks better you can
also do things like change the
background color do text right with a
brush but I don't want to be doing any
of that so that is the thumbnail that
I'm thinking it's obviously got this
background but if you want to see it
without that you can just press X I
actually quite like it I've already
saved on quite similar to this which is
just these two images without the
background so I've got two options
because I think sometimes it can look a
bit busy I quite like how this looks but
it's hard to know what people prefer to
click so that's it without and you can
choose a background color but I am going
to put that picture back in so that is
now in the perfect size for a story or
for an IG TV thumbnail however you want
to use it I'm just going to quickly show
you while I'm on here the gallery
feature because this is one of my
favourite features I'm going to do I'm
going to use my film to pack as an
example so let's do this one select
three images
then you press save and then you can
zoom in and this is how it will appear
on your feed and then you swipe through
image number two and swipe through to
image number three isn't that so cool I
just love that feature you can also open
recent projects and you can create
multiple if you're doing a story of
slides but yeah I just thought I would
show you whilst I was making it how I
made my son now back home Alfa's got a
little roll tuna salad roll and I'm
making myself my favorite bagel spinach
Hermus halloumi and oh I need my little
chipotle chipotle sauce yeah smoky
Chipotle what is it then
is it actually oh it's been a while
since I probably isn't just add some of
the busiest weeks I'm just trying to get
my book tied up with the second edit
which now we have the further to do so
probably gonna be another week of like
my head in my laptop I think it might be
the weekend where the extensions come
out I just I don't there's a lot of you
cited about it seeing the process seeing
how it's done seeing what my hair looks
like underneath I can tell you right now
I'm not excited for that I love my long
hair I love my extensions to be fair I
think I could probably I could probably
keep them in a bit longer but the hair
is starting to twist and it's starting
to get very knotty and matted and I
don't want to have to be cutting like a
huge chunk of my hair out because the
extensions have like completely matted
it up so that
what it's probably gonna be happening
today alfie is gonna have to help me
take them out I'm also going to be
cutting Alfie's hair as well it's gonna
beat her bit of a hair day you know a
little bit tie-dyeing yesterday and Arie
this isn't the vision I had for my
garments but I don't hate it I kind of
love it there's a lot more blue than I
was expecting I kind of wanted something
that was like pink and lilac and had I'd
taken the blue out I feel like it would
have looked pretty boring so the blue
actually as much as I was like oh it's
not quite what I was expecting it does
look good so this is my finished product
I'll put it on later
I literally just bought a plain track
suit to set from Nasty Gal I've lost my
that's so annoying isn't it when you
lose the end of the thing and Alfie
helped me tie-dye it and this is it it's
just come out the wash so I actually I
actually kind of love it it's very like
Spacey very galaxy inspired but I'll
pull it on later so you can see it
properly but it was so much fun I feel
like if you've not done a tie-dye during
this pandemic then what you playing at I
feel that everyone's made of banana
bread and everyone's done a bit of
tie-dye I've ticked off the second thing
now I've completed the pandemic bingo
with my tie-dye taxi right so then I
hold it wrong already
just um on the top and they just do not
go too high like it's like yeah and also
you have way too close to my crown or oh
my God look at that
your hair is long my turn
you ready are you ready to remove the
tapes
I'm ready get by long hair I'm gonna
keep the extensions odds pop them back
in now the good thing is that they're
not near your head anymore so they're
far easier to remove because they're
literally life look at it can they see
in the camera
lean forward look yeah I think I
probably should have taken them out
longer ago but thanks okay when I wash
that that's the thing are you using the
product yeah I don't know how much you
use cuz the worst thing would be if I'm
right now it's done yeah fully no glue
cuz I have to go wash my hair in a
minute and if there's glue
[Music]
well who's this ish me
I actually don't hate it you know I
actually really quite like this length
I'm not gonna lie it does feel much
thinner when I was washing it in the
shower I was like I have absolutely no
lovely ends to it but don't hate it I'm
quite like it's like on me so yeah there
we go
extensions are out hair is washed use a
purple shampoo so hopefully there's
still some blonde which i think there is
and this is the finished tie dye I
actually really like it I already want
to go on and order another plain white
hoodie to do another one
all-in-all a productive someday although
you can see it better in the mirror good
morning everybody I don't know if this
is gonna be the start of a vlog or join
on to another one because if in all
honesty I've not logged in so long I've
forgotten what I've actually filmed I
think this will probably be attached to
me taking out my extensions what have
you got on you
hey boy we're looking after Alexia and
Steve's doggies today because they've
gone out for the day so we've got them
here which is so fun
hi they so we've got blue hello blue
he's got his ears back he's listening
listen oh boy what you listening boy
tired you know a little nap yeah we've
got Nala over there obviously and then
BAE
hello careful that's glass then we've
got BAE today is a very exciting day and
one that I for sure wanted to vlog bits
of I am seeing mark Oh Winston
he is coming over and we're gonna chill
in the garden as the new guidelines
suggest thankfully we've picked a day
where the weather is actually not too
bad but I think it's actually gonna rain
for the rest of the week and it's nice
having this new guideline in where you
can see up to six people in the garden
but it does mean that only works when
the weather is good so thankfully it's
nice out the Sun actually keeps coming
out every now and then which is great
and he's stopping off via McDonald's on
the way because McDonald's has just
reopened as well so it's like two great
things all in one day yes babe oh this
is just the best day I have missed you I
love her bag Marla's so excited she's
literally scratching at your leg
oh he's mine I love your hair like that
yeah I love it
da I do it's just adjusting to it like
obviously I having the same hairstyle
for like all my life yeah I love it
oh my god McDonald's marks mark don't
know I think I'm recording
I don't even if your insurer did their
naked IV so buddy is the one you win in
that's the one I help myself to oh my
god I'm so happy I asked mark to buy me
these these are my favorite Easter eggs
and I asked him to buy me them because
he had some in his local shop so he's
bought them and he's kept them in his
house this whole time and it's the 30th
birthday that just keeps keeps coming so
one has been on the way for mums yeah so
that's going to be my favorite one to
keep you okay so thank you know I'm like
I haven't got better giving gifts I
still hate you
well you're good again I know if I still
get nervous
he doesn't like giving them I've been
like giving it just in case you paid I
know you've never in my father you never
this paper is lovely and cake that I'm
Sainsbury's reuse it in their welcome
that's a good size tune when I bought
these when I bolt days they look that
one line I'm just gonna keep quiet ice
cream or you can put your chips in them
we don't have anything like that do you
like it I'm loving the green thing if I
like that
well for everyone I snake and you know
luck
[Laughter]
you love me a party games we played Papa
John's with your mum and dad is gone I
don't know oh my god I think it isn't if
is this game is sooo good I'm sure this
is the one where we had to do things in
secret
oh this have you paid no I throw this is
so good yeah thank you
yeah well I was a dog on in the parish
someone was in the bird never a dull
whiz there before someone was in the
bird thank you so much
okay oh yeah I just got ya I ordered
that for myself as well but you can have
it I'm gonna go jump on a call
damn you can make little pizza cookies
that's such a cute little gift bonus
welcome if you hate it
I just saw it I was like some are they
if you don't like it you can are we've
done about
back how do you like it just like if you
want to go to the beach have a little
stroll
just put your essentials in it isn't it
really cute oh thank you so much I would
hug you if I can hugs so constant
present going back and forth to each
other happy birthday the same person I
love it it feels so weird I know I don't
like receiving gifts of someone and then
not being able to have life it's very
alien I can feel that you don't wanna
see me dancing with somebody I just need
to document this because you would think
it was raining but no no no I think I I
can sense the rain
it's like Mean Girls when she holds her
boobs and she's like marks decided he
doesn't like the Sun on him at all so he
demanded I was gonna bring like a
carousel is it Paris own parasol yeah
yeah I just know he's looking after his
skin hmm you got I mean I'm laughing at
you now but when I'm 19 you're 90 and I
look like a complete bull wagon you look
perfect
you'll be like exquisite of Raleigh
I know it's a lounge do you need the
toilet
yeah go on love there's some empty back
wipes and you've got your anti back hand
wash haven't you yeah go for it
go on then and you get you get into the
hammock look how high up it looks before
someone sits in there be careful it's
fine you have to sit really far back you
have to get right in the middle
be careful I can't catch you to receive
you now put your other leg up right
there you go you're done now put your
arm in that's it you've done it
you're quite high up you need to scoot
down a bit now then I'll swing you I
just listen to the birds it's like that
ain't my angle why are you standing
there
nice nice now are you relaxing your legs
you have to relax every bone in your
body they're lovely
you're not funny okay we've decided to
play a game of God
Jenga we actually haven't played this in
so long but yeah I think it was but it's
just something fun to play outside
you ready he wants to go first
and now the rule really is
whichever one you start pushing you got
to go with because otherwise we're all
touching the same brick always you have
to go for the one you know well because
you'd like to do a bit of tapping oh oh
okay are you going for that one oh so
tired
low and steady no kyndra no I've changed
my top is too hot the Sun came out and
now we're sweltering that's my marks at
over in the shade he's left his little
Brawley there we just did a little photo
shoot a two meter apart photo shoot just
got a bit creative you have two got no
joy I know I keep getting jealous of
Monica she can go and sit on his lap
[Laughter]
normally cellmark's lap but you know
well coming feel my knee it's nice isn't
it got a bit of 1d on just finished up a
little work cool and now it's parasol
and now we're watching wild child mark
felt like watching it and I was like
yeah I'm up for I could watch that
[Music]
just made everybody some dents we've
gone for a gusto roasted tomato linguine
enjoy and I also put chicken on the boys
one enjoy 2/3
[Music]
it's a little bit later we've finished
our dance party but I swear to God we
danced for how long an hour solid it was
so fun and now we are sat in the garden
hello fairy hi I just gotta say I said
on my channel on my video look at this
out that's always done for us don't do
things by a thing by our I was like
right we can't go in and I said to mark
how badly do you want to just like
cuddle up on the sofa on watch
nighty-night and he was like so bad so
I've put the heaters out and we've got
nighty night on the laptop some candles
drink the crunchy Easter Egg of dreams
we've had a few comments on our
Instagram and even like some of our
friends alike but you have hugs and you
are just hanging out right like you've
posted on social far away but you are
actually I swear to God
yeah we have not hugged I have not
touched you nope
I wish I could hug him so bad it would
be amazing but you are here and I was
like I just want to give him a hug oh
this I look sad no we were just dancing
and I was in such a good mood and I was
like I just want to give him a big hug
well I haven't hugged you in three
months
but no we haven't we haven't we have
been outside all while you've been
outside all day I can still go in marks
been out hit all day yeah which is why
needs a peppermint tea because he's much
more cold than I am and that's why I got
the heat is out but genuinely guys we
are following the guidelines we have
been passing each other things but we've
been anti backing a lot and washing our
hands a lot if you could see inside my
bag I've got four honey box into my car
but you also had that before but yeah
we're just gonna chill and watch 90
night which is like our favorite program
ever nothing's going to stop us stop us
it's like 10:00 p.m. it's not I wish you
can stay over too so I don't know if I
could stand it - it would temple old
probably not if you had your own tent
and I have my own tent in the garden
that's not allowed I'm just not prepared
I know I can't camp not when I've gotten
bed in there like a little zip in the
middle of the night Euler it's much
easier for you because you can just pee
in the hedge yeah I mean I could pee in
the hedge if I needed to pee in the
hedge but I give you legs a good
exercise as well its squat in we love
squat the only problem is the splash
back if it's a particularly grasped
aggressive pee it slashes off the ground
yeah so splashes off the ground and then
goes back up your purse
no that doesn't happen it just gets like
your trousers wet and your feet wet and
your socks and shoes wet Oh what did you
find out the other day for the first
time when I told you I do remember if I
don't feel like it's camera appropriate
off-camera or not nice on that note
let's ante back our hands and cracked
open the bistro we watched two episodes
of 90 night and now mark is leaving and
mean Alfie are going to bed I'm actually
quite tired though even that late it's
like 11:00 p.m. but recently you've been
going to bed so late to let half -
that's a really bad habit to get into
so we're gonna go to bed earlier tonight
maybe put something on the TV what
obvious been going to bed at half - so
we're gonna go to bed early tonight
I mean I guess very true but yeah I've
had the best day it was so nice hanging
out
we literally danced in the garden for
like an hour and a half or something
crazy to the point where Mark had to use
his asthma pump he was like oh my god I
need to stop now you do some a slip up I
know next time we see the neighbors I
gonna be like umm right good night
everyone hope you enjoyed the vlog we'll
see you again soon
