good morning everybody it's been a while
since I've logged I'm actually vlogging
on a new camera today you know I'm a
Canon girl through and through Sony just
released a new camera and it's Sony and
it's the Sony zv1 which is essentially
the vlogging camera is what they've
called it so I'm just interested to see
how this looks I have no idea if I will
prefer it or if it will be the same to
edit the clips or actually if I don't
care at all but I'm just gonna see how
we go I can always return it if I really
don't go on with it I think the only
major difference is that the flip screen
is on the side not on the top and
naturally it's quite easy to flick your
eyesight up slightly but for me to now
look to the side is kind of weird I'll
let you can see it in the mirror
so if everything looks a little
different in this vlog that's why let me
know what you think of the lighting and
the shops at the camera and if the
focusing is any good anyway about to
jump in the shower
it's a very rainy gloomy Tuesday and
Alfie and I want head into town in a bit
I've not been into town in since March
they're like 15th or something apart
from - the black lives matter protest
which me and Alfie went to was that like
two weekends ago but yeah now that all
the shops are reopening it's gonna be
very interesting it's also going to be
very interesting because we've picked a
very rainy day to go out to town never
mind we'll see how we get on
I have no idea what the shops are gonna
be like the only shop I've been into is
the garden centre in like four months
so we shall see first things first
though
[Music]
[Music]
when I first took them out I couldn't
wait to get the extensions back in my
head but now I've lived with it like
this for a bit I don't hate it as much I
don't know we'll see one of the plus
sides though of having the extensions in
was that it kept its style for so much
longer I have stabbed my hair like this
now and my natural hair holds a curl
quite well but not as well as my
extensions did so it was quite nice
spending that time styling and curling
my hair for it to stay like that for
like four days whereas I will sleep on
this tonight and it will look like a
completely different hairstyle tomorrow
so that's the only thing I definitely
put less heat on my hair when I had
extensions than I am now or that I don't
have them but I just thought I would
chat through since you just sat and
watched the time-lapse which actually
whilst I was doing my hair I had like
old vlogs of me and Mark on and I just
they make me so happy and I know that
sounds a bit narcissistic to like sit
and watch yourself and your friends like
having fun but I really miss being able
to spend like quality time where you're
not constantly thinking about being two
meters apart from somebody outside I
really miss like sit on the sofa or
drainage high knees and like being close
to somebody obviously I'm close to Alfie
but just somebody that isn't Alfie it's
just so strange but it's really nice
watching those vlogs so you probably saw
me like smiling or like smirking or
frowning or making weird faces during
that anyway starting off with my hair I
am still using my trusted much-loved
been using it for a year
of beauty Shampoo and Conditioner as
I've said before I love this brand so
much I am so happy that I get to work
with them so function of beauty is a
100% customizable hair care brand you
can set your hair goals and your hair
type you can also pick the color the
scent and you can fully customize the
bottles where's mine there you go
function of Zoe and you can stick your
stickers on which I really love
they're all formulated without toxins
parabens sulfates they are all
completely cruelty free and vegan also
um I I don't use any other shampoo
conditioner I love it I love that the
hair goals really reflect in the actual
product and my hair is exactly how I
want it to be considering I have not had
it cut I've not had it colored in like a
year I feel that my hair is in really
good condition and I totally put that
down to the shampoo conditioner you can
go over to the website and you take a
two-minute quiz where you can set the
profile of your hair and the goals of
your hair and you can also select the
fragrance and the color of the shampoo
and conditioner that you want for any of
you wondering at the profile of my hair
I think I set two wavy normal and medium
and then the hair goals I selected with
shine anti frizz replenish and thermal
protection and my favorite scent just in
case any if you're wondering is the
apricot one I love it the peach and
apricot smells incredible as always I
have a code for any of you who want to
try function of each for the first time
I will leave it in the description box
so make sure you go down and check out
it's for 20% off your first order which
is amazing let me know how you get on I
know I spoke about function beauty
before and so many of you who have
ordered it and tried it have loved it
which is amazing to see so yeah so I
used that to wash my hair I actually
used the purple one so if one of your
hair goals is color protection you get
this purple shampoo we
is so good it's really strong I've
actually been using this as I said I've
not had my hair colored and I wanted to
try and keep it looking as like blonde
and fresh as possible
so I use this I kind of alternate
between this one which is like my normal
one and then this one which is the one
that is as you can see a very deep
purple and then I just use my regular
conditioner on the top so yeah
alternating between these two but I use
this one today and then when my hair is
damp I use the function beauty
customized hair serum this is gorgeous I
applied this to damp hair then brushed
it all through blow dried and then
curled with my straighteners which I
feel like I finally mastered I'm so
happy and that was pretty much it for my
hair makeup wise I used my collection
lasting perfection concealer which I now
believe has new packaging so I think
this is an indication of the fact I need
to get a new one I then used my bare
minerals foundation in medium beige I
feel like I've got a little bit more of
a tan so I applied that on top I use the
bare minerals photon which I'm pretty
much used for the whole of spring/summer
I love this it's quite a dark bronzer
color like it might put you off slightly
and the fact that it's loose mineral
might make you think oh my god how do I
use that but it just gives the most
beautiful like sunkissed ronzi very
natural looking color which I love then
I used the NARS wanted to wanted one
sorry palette I used this color here and
then this highlight I've been using this
pretty much most days then for a little
wash of color on my eyelids I just used
this Victoria Beckham tweed um quod
palette I just used this color when I'm
not spending too much time on my makeup
I just do like a wash of
like a matte brown on my eyelids then I
used the bareMinerals
lash topia mascara I love this is
incredible then I used my anastasia
dipbrow pomade for my eyebrows my
eyebrows I've not done anything to them
this whole time I would go as far as to
say I've not left my eyebrows this long
to just go wild since I was probably
like 17 either I used to pluck them
myself the minute there was a hair that
shouldn't have been there or I've had
them threaded so yeah I've just left
them and I just figure we're all in the
same boat and I don't want to take
tweezers to my own eyebrows I just think
I'll regret it
I think I'll mess up the shape so I'm
just gonna let them grow and then I'm
gonna have the sharpest brows well I
could finally go and see Claire at
perfect brow in Brighton I will have the
sharpest brows and it'll be so worth it
so for now um I'm just leaving them but
it does make filling them in slightly
harder because I mean I don't at this
point I'm like what am i filling in like
they're growing into my eyelids so I
used that then I use oh I think that's
it and then I just use this lipstick
which is the bare minerals
allons which i think is really lovely
like creamy kind of apricot II nude but
it read compliments like the bronzer so
yeah that that's a quick rundown of
everything I've done this morning to get
ready I've also put on a track suit it's
not the nicest weather you just would
not believe that last week it was like
33 degrees here in the UK today though
it's rainy it's windy it's dark and
gloomy it's making me feel quite
autumnal and actually a lot of the
videos I just watched of me and Mark
were like autumn when we're watching
hocus pocus and like cozying up on the
sofa and it's just made me feel so like
excited for the end of the year is it
too soon to say
maybe um but I also just think this
whole pandemic and lockdown I'm excited
for like beyond that and I know that
around that time like autumn winter and
Christmas in my mind I'm like unless we
have a second wave I feel like it might
almost be normal I mean I'm just
guessing but maybe that's why I'm more
excited for it and also I do love that
time of year so it's a little bit later
on went into town and pretty much not a
lot was opened we managed to get
Amanda's birthday card and I bought some
peonies for myself Amanda and poppy and
then we popped back I think the rain had
heard everybody there's literally nobody
around
and I think most shops will be reopening
tomorrow first I've had an extreme
hormonal break out on my mouth and on my
chin and I'm not too sure why but it's
gradually just got worse as the days
gone on which is lovely I've been up
here editing but also doing that thing
where you put karaoke versions of songs
on the laptop and try and sing along
don't lie you've all tried it it's
actually very hard I really like singing
along to songs when you can sing along
to lyrics but trying to sing along to a
karaoke version is much much harder but
yeah that felt good for the Soul have a
little belt out of them she used to be
mine
and that's pretty much what I've been
doing to be honest
editing singing and went into town for a
bit today's not been a very filmy day
but I will pick up my camera again
tomorrow but I think for now I'm gonna
head downstairs wash my face put on my
mandelic serum by allies of skin because
the
usually my Savior when I get a lovely
hormonal breakout and hope that by
tomorrow it's not as like so I look up
what chickenpox join the dots so see you
tomorrow
good morning it's now the next day and
it's actually the afternoon I'm
currently in the kitchen I'm about to
make lunch and I thought I would oh gosh
start the day because I've just put the
food shop away you know that like great
feeling when you're like there's so much
choice how much I don't know whether to
have my favorite bagel or whether to do
a toasty me and our fear have become a
bit obsessed with toasties recently and
I think I think I'm gonna go for a
toasty you know what I'm gonna put in it
probably just some cheddar maybe a bit
of mozzarella the stringy cheese
I've got Wilin Arden playing animal
crossing on Arden's twitch in the
background I've actually not played much
animal crossing recently I don't know I
think once I got my island to a
five-star Island I got a bit bored sorry
I'm just carrying this toasty maker yeah
I've got a bit bored of it which I never
thought I'd say but I think there's an
update coming it's probably out by the
time you watch this where you can dive
and collect like shells and things so I
am looking forward to that I do need to
get back on my evenings of animal
crossing because I found it very like
good for the mind
there's mindfulness and Animal Crossing
and I'm here for it this is just a
simple George Foreman we've had this
many a year and many just use it for
toasties but you can't use these for a
lot I also use it for halloumi and I use
it for red peppers but at the moment
it's
getting its fair use through toasties
still not sure about this sony camera
and I know you probably haven't clicked
on this blog expecting a camera review
but if you are a bit more interested in
cameras and tech um the only downside
I've found so far for this camera is
that it comes with a USB charger and not
a mains charger so to charge the battery
for this camera you put the battery in
the camera and then plug the camera in
with the USB which is fine I have a USB
charger next to my bed so I'm able to
plug that in but I think anyone who
doesn't have a laptop with USB which
actually my laptop doesn't or doesn't
have a USB charging socket that can be a
bit difficult and I quite like with my
Canon I can have multiple batteries and
they can be on charge in my bedroom and
when that runs out I can just go
upstairs and grab a new batteries or you
fully charged whereas when this runs out
I have to plug the camera in to charge
the battery and I think you can buy
mains battery charges but they don't
come with the camera which I don't know
seems a bit unfair so that's my only
downside to this camera so far obviously
I haven't edited with it yet so I can't
see if the camera quality is better or
the stabilization is better and if I'm
totally honest with you I really don't
know enough about cameras to give a
thorough review but as somebody who uses
this kept like cameras you know like the
canon g7x and this the Sony can't even
remember I said I've stopped this video
the new Sony vlogging camera I use my
camera pretty basically you know pick it
up point shoot vlog on it
carry it around a go tend to care too
much about wind mufflers or like the
audio I just like a very simple vlogging
life but I think maybe for someone who's
a little bit more tech-savvy
they will you know point things out
about this camera that are great or that
a different whereas I think for me it's
just whatever does the basic needs the
best is a winner for me but I don't know
I'll just keep using it and see how we
go
right I'm gonna take after his toasty
and then crack on a little bit later now
and I changed out of my jumper
because turns out it's actually quite a
hot day I don't know if you can see this
there's some serious bonfire going on so
we're gonna smell delightful
we're gonna stink aren't we I actually
really love the smell of bonfires my
favorite smell of all time
I don't know what it is it's very
nostalgic for me grow up in a
countryside where that smell was very
today yeah but also I feel like it
happens a lot in autumn and in spring
when people are having like sort outs so
it always just reminds me yeah it's very
seasonal I just love it so I don't mind
if I smell like this in fact once you
remember the library of fragrance they
had a perfume called bonfire not sure I
would wear it as a perfume but anyway
Alfie and I are shooting some content
for a sponsorship that we're doing which
is exciting we don't really do many
thing good oh my god I really don't get
to work on a lot of brand campaigns
together but it's always fun when we do
this isn't a campaign together this is
the same working with the same brand
which is fun Wow have you seen what this
new camera can do what got slow-mo don't
spin me I
just recovered just recovered I've just
recovered from travel sickness do not
spin me anyway just been laying down on
the sofa we went out in a car it for a
little car drive and I looked at my
phone too much and I need to lie down
this evenings plans ah we're gonna head
to our friend Steve Alexia's garden and
we're gonna sit in the garden and have a
takeaway right so it makes legs a man
that taking Nala because poppy and Shaun
who are also going are taking their new
puppy Sydney who I've not shown on these
vlogs yeah so you've got to get to see a
little bit of Sydney little gorgeous
girl Gil I felt that like you girl
kakapo and her Anala have seen each
other at a distance but Sydney needed to
get her second vaccination which enabled
her to hang out with other dogs but she
got that last week so she's now ready to
mingle with other dogs which means she
can properly and formally meet Nala for
the first time which I'm very excited
about we don't know how it's gonna go
down but we're having to do it properly
with dogs on Leeds and like meeting in
you know neutral spaces etc etc but yeah
I'm so excited
she's already growing so quickly well
poppy and Sean first got her which was
start so it's just like just a
month ago so she's now she's has she
been here for four weeks three and a
half weeks she's already like doubled in
size is actually madness how quickly
puppies grow and I guess I just
completely forgot it's been so long
since Nala was a puppy where is she I
bet she said Oh
stupid question of course she's not far
away from me let's go it's lovely
evening light on the floor another
coming through the trees hello I've
purchased some new houseplants recently
this is one that I'm very fond of
monstera only $19.99 from the garden
center I actually thought that was a
great house gone for that price how much
do you love it it's so like healthy
green I also bought this one and I
bought this one too a lot of our house
plants just we're looking a little bit
oh and this one over in this corner I
love it so yeah I've moved some stuff
around this is a print that Alfie bought
me for my birthday which I don't think
I've actually shown who's the artist to
get David Gandy's a model who's actually
buy basically there's a gallery in
Brighton and they hadn't opening for
this artist and Alfie and I went along
and this was one of the ones I really
loved low behold I got it for my 30th I
am obsessed with it I think we're gonna
when we're allowed to have somebody come
in the house and help us we're gonna
have this up here I think and here's a
question for you which I'm sure I could
google but there's always a lot of
experts in the comments
this log burner is all completely safe
and it's regulatory and everything can I
just put this above it and that will be
fine like a dragon in a piper the bat
yeah there's a pipe at the back
everything goes out I just I don't get
hot enough to do it
just don't want it to warm good yeah
anyway obviously I have things close by
and that's always fine to be fair I do
push those chairs back a little bit but
I just don't want it to be ruined so
I've avoided hanging any art in this
Cove this little alcove but now I'd
really like to put this up so yeah if
you have any knowledge of log burners
and paintings I would really appreciate
that smell like I'm now just giving you
like a little house update be honest
okay so we should probably go are you
just are we doing what what's the
challenge see how long like a vlog for
is that the challenge see see how long
one singular we need to go we need to go
it's my fault I felt sick and I was like
guys we're gonna be late I actually just
need to like horizontal yeah that's true
okay we'll see that just come to the
page
[Music]
ordered a little Nando's wolf sat in the
garden
papi went for an honest burger look at
sit no she's just chilling good yey-hey
bought myself a little icy water
courtesy of Alfie deyes and did you have
a nice evening I think she's probably
very tired just got home it's like half
10 Steve's set up a marquee in the
garden so we all manage to sit under
that but it did get chilly so now I'd
really like a bar so the dough curly
hair and now it's straight right what we
say in let's go bubbles
[Applause]
[Music]
tonight
you know your product
why
we went through something
buh-buh-bah and
it's pretty nice
I picked up a Frisian hair
okay
so
evarin Waitrose there which one to use
like
we're gonna end this here jump in the
bath and go to bed so thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you again very
soon
