hi everybody let me just see if I can
sort this light out a bit more there we
go couple of things sorry it's been a
while I didn't upload a video since
before my birthday so I've got a lot of
like snippets and vlog catching up to do
in this video that I do have already
filmed so I'll just insert where I can
second is you might hear drilling that
because alfie is currently having a half
pipe half pipe a harp yeah half pipe
some reason I thought I'd just add half
point he's having a half pipe built in
his office garden I mean do you even
need to ask is Alfie this is like the
craziest my boyfriend buys ever and
you know and you really understand what
I mean by that if you follow me on
Instagram which is where I prominently
been the last couple of weeks lash
months and a bit I haven't like
disappeared like I'm still here in fact
I think I've only posted on Instagram
more than I ever have ever so if you've
been following me there then you'll know
that I'm doing a lot more like stories
and life updates and just general
day-to-day stuff over there which has
meant that I just haven't really picked
up my vlogging camera another thing that
happened is I lost this memory card
which was fine because I started using
another one to film my birthday on but
before that I had footage of my launch
for Zarrella Beauty fruits range which I
know so many of you are asking me to
like talk through and I've already got
all that footage and I lost that memory
card when I was cleaning up the house
for my birthday so I do have that
because I found it so happy I was gonna
have to like refilm all of that but I
would never have been able to do it
saying because it was all of us
celebrating in the office and you can't
fake that so I'm really happy that
I found that and I filmed a bit of my
birthday I didn't actually film too much
of it because
I was really living in the moment and I
totally forgot vlogging with a thing at
that time but I'll see what I've got I
actually can't remember
it's so weird when there's been like an
amount of time that I haven't vlogged
coming back is always a little bit
daunting and you've all been so patient
and lovely and I've posted on it's from
the other day that I've just been like
really working on myself and doing
things that make me feel reefer filled
and happy and a lot of that I just
haven't felt like vlogging I suppose
through part of that process oh do you
miss it
like I loved logging a lot I love just
being able to get my camera out and feel
like I can just chat away to you that's
kind of where I've been what I've been
up to if you aren't following me on
Instagram I would because it's probably
like the best place to kind of get more
like current updates with what I'm doing
in like my day-to-day and if there's no
vlog then they're kind of mini vlogs or
Instagram anyway so just sort of do sit
down and do makeup this morning using
the Kylie cosmetics concealer in phone.i
flippin love this concealer and it's a
really it's a really great match
for my skin tone and I'm also using the
collection lasting perfection my eyes
naturally when am I ever gonna use
anything else so a thing that I've been
doing and I know I'm not doing this
right so you can call me a grandma or
laugh at me all you like but I've been
baking under my eyes and I've been using
this which is the revolution Baker
finish luxury baking powder but this is
what works for me I dip the end of this
sponge in and I just dab it under my
eyes like so usually a bit more ombre I
do this over the sink so I don't really
mind too much if I spill it but right
now I don't want to spit it and I agree
this looks terrifying I basically leave
this on now for like a couple of minutes
and then I'm using this is kind of my
very quick everyday makeup right now the
Chanel Soleil detention
which has like brush has in it which I
need to get out I'm just putting this
brush in I really love this for just a
natural flush of bronze let me know what
you guys have been up to in the last
month or so anything cool happened
anything revolutionary or crazy or
something that you've been like waiting
for it's finally happened or something
sad or just how you feeling how's life
leave a comment right now whilst I add
me some cheekbones I'm really sorry
about the drilling I mean half pipes
looking good this is a great angle half
pipes looking great Sean's got a bloody
drill in his hand I'm just not sure
about that I've also decided I'm gonna
give my nails a break from gels because
they're so thin and brittle and not good
and I'm terrible at looking after my
nails anyway but I just feel really
sorry for them
using this fan brush no Real Techniques
fan brush and I'm just lightly dusting
it off I can't even tell you the
difference this makes in my under eyes
when I do this and it just lasts all day
and I just feel like I look so much more
awake I'm not sure how well this fares
in flash photography but for everyday
day-to-day concealer I'm setting I'm
happy with that
look at that it's just so great I don't
know there's gonna be like a ton of
comments telling me how I'm actually
supposed to do it which would be useful
but the way I have been doing it has
been working fine there's probably a way
to make it work better but still using
the Tanya burr peonies please you can't
even get this anymore but I just can't
use anything else I just think it makes
me look so like healthy on quick days
I've just been sort of leaving I've been
like filling in my brows doing my
mascara
like a lip boil on but I'm gonna use my
zoella ex Claire pop palette which there
are still some available if any of you
want them but once they're gone they are
gone so if you're like waiting for
something I wouldn't I would get them
like now if you want to I'm even having
to stock up because I as I've said
before all these colors are colors that
I use constantly this is pretty much all
in fact this is the only eyeshadow I've
used since this has come out because it
has all my perfect shades in so once I
can't get this anymore I'm going to be
gutted because it's my perfect palette
so even I'm like stocking up in fact I'm
good I might order another one to be
honest if you've got the palette which I
know lots of you have so thank you I'm
using pancakes please which is this one
I would say this color is like this one
here this color is it's a very good kind
of everyday bronzy gold with a very
subtle kind of orange glow and i'm just
gonna put that all over and then i've
been doing a bit of the maple syrup
which is a matte I don't know how I
would describe that color I'm at like
Albany Brown I'm gonna just move you
down because I was kneeling and then
that hurt hi putting a little bit of
that just through the crease just to
give it some warm than a little bit of
depth and I've been doing this most days
I'm absolutely loving seeing all the
different combinations you guys come up
with
I can hear in Hollis Naurang but I have
no idea where she is I hope you can
actually hear me through the store ring
it's so funny like through the years of
YouTube that's a bit different I've
basically documented my entire like 20s
online which is really weird
even the difference in products I use or
like the difference in skincare or like
you guys might not be able to notice
much of a difference but yeah I just
know I find it will be funny I can go
back and see my like eyebrows in so many
different forms and you know watch
myself get wrinkly brows done I used the
anastasia dipbrow pomade my brows and
now it's mascara i'm using the marc
jacobs noir velvet noir major Volume
Mascara I love it one update I do have
actually which I've not mentioned in any
logs yet is that I have been working on
a video effects and filters app with the
amazing creators of a beautiful mess and
a color story if any of you guys use I'm
so sorry for the flu thing drilling any
of you guys read the blog a beautiful
mess I've been reading it for years and
years and the founders of the blog and
the app the app is called a color story
it's what I use to edit all my photos
the ones that aren't just like the huger
builders like when I'm actually trying
to make photo look like really nice I'll
always use a color story it's for photo
editing and the founders are Elsie and
Emma and they're sisters and we have
been designing and creating a video
editing effects app for almost a year
and it's been such an enjoyable project
to work on it's some
thing I've been desperate for because
currently there's nothing really apart
from if you use a filter in Instagram as
you're filming it there's nothing where
you can go and like add different
effects to a video and I do feel like
video is going to be huge especially on
Instagram and just people kind of
capturing moments in their day or their
life that they want to tweak or even
just adjust the color because in so many
videos sometimes I'm like I wish I could
just adjust the brightness of this and
how you can the app is called film with
two M's and it is being released on the
9th but so many of you are so excited
about it I announced a teaser on
Instagram last week and everyone was
like I can't wait the app is going to be
free to download and then you can kind
of by additional packs if you want to
it's not you don't have to there's still
great things for free and yeah just
really really excited it's such a
different thing for me to work on I've
never worked on anything like this
before
and it's been really enjoyable I'm gonna
wear little one today I just can't wait
to see everyone else's favorite filters
and favorite effects and what they do
with videos is currently only gonna be
available for iOS and the reasons that
is that it's much more complicated to
build and it's much more expensive to
build for Android and iOS users are much
much much higher I know there are
Android users and a lot of you know I
know loads of people who use Android but
ultimately iOS is the biggest Apple
phones are the most used iPhone certain
were called the Apple phones are
predominantly the most used so we wanted
to really nail it on iOS before we then
started developing it for Android just
to make sure that it was like perfect
the ultimate goal with the app is to
have it as video editing as well so
that's gonna be something we're
continuing to develop and get right
because that is a lot harder than just
adding a filter and adding an effect to
the video which is already taken a long
time so you know the future plans for
the app are that you're able to add muse
slow things down speed things up slice
things together the list is endless so
we've got really really big plans for
the app and this is kind of just to
start really but I'm so excited to share
it with you and I know that LC and M are
also so so excited and if you don't
already follow them or you don't read a
beautiful math or you don't use a color
story to edit your photos you should
really really check them out because I
love them I love everything they do
they're just amazing so it's been a
dream getting to work with them May the
9th let me know if you download it I'll
be talking about it on social and stuff
so yeah very exciting and I'm done now
hold on I don't know what my hair is
gonna look like because I've had it up
since last night oh I feel like
sometimes if you brush out curls with a
brush it doesn't do you any favors it's
too bad yeah filmer the fruits range has
released and I've been enjoying life
really and how he's building a half pipe
I I had blonde put in my hair if you
don't follow me on instagram at all then
which is kind of how I'm treating this
I'm sorry if you already know all this
stuff yeah I've had some caramel bits
put in the end of my hair because I
really missed the blonde life and I know
I said in another video I was doing my
makeup like guys I kind of missed the
blonde so I've done it a tiny bit
there's not really much up here it's
still quite dark but we've put a little
bit more end and I think gradually it'll
probably get lighter and lighter I don't
know if I'll ever go as light as I did I
am still I'm digging this I'm really
enjoying just a little bit at the moment
yeah I feel like it's nice for the more
sunny days that we're having recently
okay so now that I have rambled on at
you Marie so Bella just like verbal
diarrhea to the last like month and a
half at you I thought it would be nice
to share some other
that I do have but I think it would be a
shame to not share even though it was
from a while ago
so without further ado we have the
fruits launch and some snippets of my
29th birthday which fYI was the best day
ever
I'm still kind of in shock that alfie
managed to surprise me with s club like
I don't know how it happened but yeah
enjoy and I will see you for the rest of
the day after those clips good morning
everybody it is currently
Thursday and it is the office fruits
launch day so which I'm really excited
about I I love these little office
occasions where we can all celebrate
something we've worked really hard on
and that we're really proud of for the
occasion I ordered this from lazy oh I
bloody love lazy oh this so cool and
I've also got matching tracksuit bottoms
on it's quite a statement outfit but
very fitting is a look in the mirror at
said banana outfit there's a banana on
the bum which bummers it there you go
[Laughter]
so I'm all banana doubt I have become
fully obsessed with The Bachelor I feel
like I've seen an American theories of
it or maybe just like one or two
episodes but it's not easy to watch here
in the UK they're American ones and I've
managed to download it on YouTube I paid
for it so I'm currently watching series
16 which was the earliest one I could
find I've really got something in my eye
lots of doggies in the office today
we've got bear we've got Daniel's dog
Milo and Nala but Nala has never met my
lay before so we have to do the bonding
doggie out of the office session because
Nala is a territorial right let
me put this on you
[Music]
in the office and it's all been
decorated for fruits we've got little
balloon bundles the guys have printed
out all of the artwork on the fruits
collection we're all going to make some
smoothies
we've got smoothie station here I think
I'm probably gonna go for strawberries
raspberries and bananas what do you put
in your smoothies all nice what you
think in say gets to put everything in
tropical or like a shake away
steady on I love them
yeah that's so good but they take like
five minutes to eat these take five
minutes to eat - really you swallowed at
home like a seagull
oh they're garish or are they no I don't
think no they're Roz blimp Roz blaze has
blue possibly a black really if you like
the smell of these
it's basically what this smells like
what's your favorite products I think
different fragrances and the right the
fact that you get the watermelon one you
know it's it's a real tie between the
banana foam the peach body sorbet and
the berry jam
do they know about what's to come they
don't but they can guess what's to come
this might not be the only thing in the
range guys there might be two other
things coming but there's something
about the smell of this it's very
nostalgic to me and I don't know what it
is or what it like reminds me of but I'm
a fan of the watermelon as well but the
watermelon roll um the fragrance
fragrance yeah making smoothies now
should we cut the strawberries or just
throw them in like this yeah wearing all
those colors eventually that is exactly
the colors and where I put some of the
darker one under creeps
boxing French blue I can tell I'm here
to get I'm doing a run really low on
them I'm not yes you've got some Def Con
it makes me the I've got the banana
blueberries strawberries raspberries and
apple juice Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
thank you
bless you what did you hiccup Oh bless
you
I thought I would sit down and chat you
through the range in case you want to
see it the products and a little bit
more detail so if you've been watching
the vlogs way way back in January last
year we went to Cpl was it February or
January where we were looking at the
fragrances but there was a vlog where I
took mark was it Ferb February and we'd
already started creating mood boards for
the range and I really wanted it to be
fruits because oh excuse me are you
angry huh
she can't jump on the sofa all of us
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's all kicking off as I was saying
back in February
me a mom went to the fragrance house
where we wanted to smell the initial
fragrances for the fruits range which we
had already started designing and we've
done mood boards I really wanted to do a
range where each individual product had
a different fragrance which we've never
done before
each Rangers always have the same
fragrance within each formulation but
this is the first range where we have a
different scent in each product so
essentially a fruit bowl and I think
that it was probably one of my favorite
ranges to find the fragrances for
because we weren't just finding one
fragrance we were doing multiple
different fragrances and that was a lot
of fun and it also meant that they could
all be very different because then
there's
and for everybody whether you aren't
really a massive fan of a peachy sent
but banana is right up your street there
will be something that everyone will
really like and I love that so the first
thing I'm going to show you is this
because I am very very excited about
this
this is a banana foam body wash let me
show you up close and I really really
wanted to do a foam of formulation so
I'm so happy that this now exists but
also it just smells like these foamy
bananas it makes you feel squeaky clean
in the shower smells amazing and it's
also very fun to use then we have the
berry jam body scrub which I am obsessed
with the smell of this it reminds me of
something and I don't know what it is
but it's something from my childhood
it's a really nostalgic smell it smells
like something that me and Joe used on a
holiday somewhere I'm gonna have to give
it to him because he'll probably know
exactly what that smell is the minute he
smells it it's enriched with natural
exfoliants it's smoothing and very
softening and it smells great perfect
for this time of year then once you've
had your shower
you've got the peach body sorbet I
absolutely love this formulation this is
the same formulation as the one we had
in splash it's a much lighter kind of
texture and consistency and it's really
really nice for the warmer months again
because it doesn't feel as heavy but
it's still just as moisturizing and it
feels very very refreshing when you put
it on and yeah I just love this
fragrance
I think peach fragrances are one of my
favorites for summertime because it just
smells so delicious next we have the
fragrance in the range and this is
called fruit medley and it is just that
a medley of all the fruits and it smells
so incredible I'm basically obsessed
with this I'm gonna read you the note or
in this because there are a lot I feel
like for a lot of you that might want to
know roughly what it smells like before
you
about touch thing then I can at least
tell you so you've got top notes of
strawberry tangerine and pear heart
notes are plum Magnolia Rose Jasmine
nectarine and pear and then the base
notes of raspberry candyfloss frost
candyfloss musk and pepper fusion so it
has like a bit of depth to it which I
really like it's not just sweet and
fruity it's a really nice combination of
everything that I love in a fragrance so
obsessed with this then the last thing
for the moment is this this is the pick
your own and it's rollerballs and again
three brand new fragrances so I already
have these out so I'll just smooth these
buttons but it comes in this little box
and you've got the very medley water
melon and apricot and peach so you can
layer them up mix them together or wear
them separately or layer them with this
I think my favorite and it's hard to
call because obviously all of them my
favorite is either the watermelon or the
apricot peach to be honest I probably
wear them together watermelon one it's
so good yeah so those are the three
roller balls in the set so I hope you've
enjoyed that little rundown of the
products let me know which ones you're
excited about and yeah I'm gonna carry
on with my Snoopy now I'm home from the
office and running myself a bar another
thing Riyadh I'm currently listening to
a podcast the it's the mafia podcast and
I'm lifting to the JonBenet
Ramsey case which I'd never heard of
before but it's so sad and so
interesting but you guys know that I
love my true crime not sure I should be
listening to true crime when I'm staying
in this house on my own though I might
have to just so I feel less creeped out
by abductions and murder and things but
yeah nice a fun day in the office
celebrate fruits and all the doggies
together oh my god they were crazy
I honestly think canalis had the best
day of her life she's gonna be
absolutely naked now like I can't I
don't even know how she's managed to
stay awake all day oh are you ready for
bed is it bedtime one of your eyeballs
is looking up and the other one is are
you looking at me okay not a where are
you looking
what are you looking at are you looking
at me you're scaring me also currently
reading normal people by Sally Rooney I
finished the my sister the serial killer
it was really really good and now I'm I
mean I've got not a lot left of this and
also really loved this morning everybody
it is currently my birthday and I've
just turned 29 grand old age loving it
already what's that face off and today I
am having a breakfast with Mark Joe
Alfie sure poppy Amanda and Nick and
they've I think mark and Joe are up
stoking ready but
we're having breakfast together we have
had an amazing breakfast platter put out
by stylish eats I'll show you it in a
second
and I'll do a little tour of the house
because I've kind of nineties dit up
because tonight we're going to be doing
a nineties fancy dress party which I'm
very excited also I've decorated the
house but I just thought I would show
you breakfast before we eat it I know
that is know so they she did one for the
launch of color pop because color pop
asked them to do one and I tried it then
and it is the best banana bread look at
these waffles
oh you're gonna be on that aren't you
neck so good and then we've got juices
you've got a little menu no she's done
some yeah she does the most amazing
spreads ever look at the yogurt and all
the flowers are edible by the way no
yeah I haven't eaten to seven days okay
this is me yeah food Jon's been in
Hawaii and they're like finally see
what's going mums just stood in the
garden today so I bought showing a
present your eyes
i buy you presents I've bought you
presents PK you have to use it all day
well yeah well it was money yes
[Music]
disgusted this - my drinking much yeah
[Applause]
that was his cream on it
you haven't even spreaded it yeah you
could take that dollar pass you can at
least toast half of it what are you
going for ferrous or bit of Brie oh wow
you're going savory first yeah nice
here's my long oh yeah your fav because
the party is 90 themed I've got out
quite a lot of my old toys and just
scattered them around but one of the
things I did find it was this Pokemon
folder so you're gonna die when you see
some of my posters that I made so I drew
these with gel pens this was actually a
great smelly gel pen that looks lovely
yeah oh wow oh she's got like a trash
bag six hours only nine nine or ten
you're thought to attend to see if it
were their heads
oh I can't remember what my favorite one
was I really liked this one yeah I also
really lie to keeper and I liked or dish
or the keep yeah don't really know oh
wow yeah yeah this one wait yeah read it
though make you laugh I think I was
gonna put them round play it's very
popular
nearly every child in detail information
on pokemon cards at anywhere do you
remember this Rugrats word ah yeah yeah
I do remember this did you play the
Rugrats game yeah yeah
so you dumb prezis Amanda Nick have gone
and they've taken Allah with them and
now we are gonna have a game in the
garden if any of you saw our vlogs from
Bruges then you might remember the log
game which is what I call it I don't
think that's the name that it officially
has but why not tree blew down in the
garden we asked the person who chopped
up to savory big log so that we can
okay so that we could play the love game
come on then guys let's go come on then
let's go fly
Oh Joseph some flowers there under the
name Zara and they say from Ariel just
gives anybody recognize the name and
changed her name
get the gate readers are called herself
Ariel it's a get it oh oh you know
all right come on we can't mrs. flush
you had negative he's going to like
coffee down the tree pop he just had 10
hits yeah easy
we've had some balloon delivery oh my
goodness like it these look incredible
and they are so huge like the scale of
them feels cozy in here now doesn't
there people are gonna sit on that
depart do face paint and drink side
Suede's oh okay
we've that it's alright calm down so
enjoy so I'm gonna give you a little
tour of what we've got so far don't cuz
they'll pop they will I'm scared
no please don't let's do it later
because I don't want them to mess happy
when I was in the SS it's gone till 1990
something I was into the break dance
competition it's cool I spy my hair try
it go on duh yeah no yeah yeah yeah it's
cool top rock forward and replace
forward and please
that's it okay yeah yes mark crisscross
yes well yes it anybody do it slide
reverse this isn't strictly I'm calling
it now we've got the conservatory which
is now covered in balloons we've got
some cassette decorations
heading up into the kitchen which we
still have to tidy a few bits of we've
got rid of the breakfast platter now but
we are going to have like an evening one
laid out got my birthday cards got the
drinks for tonight oh it looks so cool
it looks so cool from up here yeah
that's what I said to mark it feels so
cozy then we come down here we've got a
couple of little trolls nesting in the
plants then into the dining room I've
done a massive like tuckshop pick a mix
table of all of my favorite like ninety
style sweets so we've got like the
sherbert things does anyone remember
these we've got milk bottles one penny
sweets fizzes flying saucers and I just
ordered all of these on like these
football from Amazon I got these from
swizzles Oh God he remembers these dip
dab Black Jacks these these are like
Ultima nineties party little eggs love
hearts and then I'm going to put out
some other things like mr. Kipling's
cakes and then these for people to just
take home and then we've got some decks
I've got some balloons
we hung some what are these called again
no slinky we hung some slinkys up here
we've got old-school crisps party rings
ninety style napkins and plates oh yeah
you did what did you do to this cha-cha
was this cha-cha
cha-cha number you hated this one this
was the week you told me that's it so
I'm going home and then I ordered like
these posters on eBay and they're like
90s style steps my absolute idols when I
was younger Spice Girls and then I've
got this Barbie poster groovy chick
people so that's yeah that's the Taney
bull then round here got more decks more
trolls
I've put some Polly Pockets out Barbies
My Little Pony
these are poppers trolls these were like
the ultimate 90s disco drink so I wanted
a few of those so that is now on the bar
cart we've got all the balloons it looks
so cool from here then through here we
have got a little bit of mess on the
floor will tidy that up
I've set up a backdrop and I ordered
this on eBay as well and set up some
stalls a ring light and we're putting
the iPad app I downloaded an app for a
photo booth so we're gonna have that set
up for the evening got some more 90s
memorabilia up there some balloon then
through here is mostly just decoration
balloons these balloons were also from
eBay I love the 90s I've stuck some
Pokemon guards up and at this side a
couple more posters over here with some
Pokemon cards and then this side is
again just some decorations little sky
dancer there which will probably poke an
eye out
we've got twister so yeah that's pretty
much it and we've also put
some tinsel at the door and some tinsel
here as well just so when people arrive
it feels like they're walking into a
partay even though I'd be surprised if
they didn't to be honest okay my costume
if you have not guessed is aerobics
Barbie so I have this wig which Simon
Adam just help me cut on and then I'm
wearing a swimming costume with a thong
some high waisted leggings this little
Barbie tape player that I got on eBay
and these chunky shoes eight Ventura
alfie is Harry Potter from the
Philosopher's Stone the first book J is
Marilyn Manson with a amazing eye
Shawn and Holly look at this cake it is
incredible and Alfie's taking on this
next door we've got VIP bands watch out
Morgan you're gonna catch on fire
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
oh one thing I've always been really bad
at is when I'm really enjoying Instagram
stories and Instagram I'm on it all the
time but it means I'm not so good at
remembering to pick up my camera and
vice versa
and now that I'm vlogging today I'm a
little nervous I'm gonna forget to do
insta stories but I'm gonna try my
hardest to do both kind of want to go
and see how the boys are getting on with
the halfpipe because what sounds like
they've come back because so I'm like
peering through the windows at them
because they're actually helping build
it which I did not think was gonna be a
thing so yeah I'm gonna go and see how
they're getting on we recently went to
the cinema to see mid 90s which I did
not have any like I wasn't really
excited about it didn't really know what
it was I just decided to go because our
fee really wanted to see it it has that
was a great film but it was largely
based around skateboarding so the boys
have all got this love of skateboarding
back which i think is really nice
my brother used to spend hours
skateboarding and I think alfie is the
same the obsession with skateboarding is
back not because of that film
they were skateboarding before that but
I think the film was part of the
obsession somewhere along the way some
three cameras rolling oh my goodness I
can't believe how much it's like done
they're both the same high aren't they
yes then once I give again sorry I'm
like sorry even Christmas oh my god
yeah you don't really empty your memory
cards today's OOTD this little crop this
little little grey crop t-shirt I think
this is from hmmm I want to say Topshop
yeah Topshop these are like balloon
jeans
well yeah I was very undecided at first
they're like super baggy but then really
tight and they're quite high-waisted I
kind of loved them
I've been wearing them a lot more than I
thought I would especially nice of like
little crumbs like this and then my
trainers which have been living in our
and I'm sorry about the dark socks and
it's gonna offend so many people Sean
would hate me for doing this there from
there a DDoS and I got them from under
the stories oh if you take your tracks
off you know which ones because
obviously they're different
I love being part boys chat trucks and
hats and ramps and skirt and she just
like
[Laughter]
back in house now and I've decided I
want to make Victoria sponge with cream
and jam so I've gone online and I found
one of Jamie Oliver's recipes love Jamie
foolproof recipes very easy got to 20
centimeter baking tins and the recipe is
for a Victoria sponge don't you say that
I think it in so it's 225 grams of
butter at room temperature and that's as
far as I've got so far so I'll pop you
up here I've just also added 225 grams
of caster sugar and
I'm gonna just whisk that up whiskey
whiskey
and if sorry you're wondering was going
on that I just want to spill most of
that yeah beat the eggs then gradually
mix into the creamed butter sugar and
you didn't fall for my egg mini little
egg whisk best happen it's the best
kitchen utensil gadget da yeah even when
you're not making today no I just like
whisking up my water sometimes just
music oh it's gonna rain is that window
shut I am a bit faster well done
in the flour baking powder and a flash
that's a splashes amount teaspoon of
vanilla extract prosper these are now
going in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes
there are currently 13 rabbits in our
garden I don't know if you can see them
all one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten and then there's more
around this side that you can't really
see 11 they hold 12 can you see the two
hiding under the the chopped wood look
they're all running around Sookie yeah
maybe cakes are almost done there's two
minutes left and I've kind of been
trying to prepare what I want to do to
the top of the cake so I've kept some
strawberries aside I'm gonna pipe the
cream on top and do a dusting of icing
and then I'm gonna whip some cream for
the middle and I've got a little bit of
raspberry jam which I know isn't
strawberry but we can call it a berry
victorious lunch
so yeah once the cakes come out I'm
gonna start slicing these to put in
between go do a layer of jam a layer of
cream and then these I whipped my cream
I realized I had the wrong attachment
the shower changed it to the whisk
attachment which obviously is what you
whisk cream but this is always a really
boring bit where you have to wait for
the sponge to cool down which is what I
never ever used to do when I used to
make cakes and I was younger at school
anything I mean at school you didn't
have enough time to wait for the cake to
cool it's vital but it's so boring I've
put them in the fridge I got one in the
fridge now and then I'm gonna switch out
her the other one in the fridge
especially when you bring cream in
because you don't want the cream to like
go liquidy and mouth so come on cakes
right we're gonna start with the
raspberry jam then I'm gonna put on the
cream layer on the strawberries and
whack the top on I get way too into this
I concentrate way too hard so I think
I'm gonna move this wrist off and then
I'm just gonna time-lapse it if you're
okay with that
bless you bless you and the cake is done
what you sayin you wanna bet do you
think it looks good
his mother you can just do somewhere
that's so quickly
I know most of most of the time is
waiting for it to cool down so you can I
sit wait okaaaaay
I mean I just no no about the time
although baking cakes recover would just
be like my ideal
it looks nice and fluffy good yeah
guys good this is the love of Victoria
sponge it doesn't feel too heavy
hmm Alfie's now taking me upstairs to
show me the half pipe out the window and
the progress today so hi oh you see it's
like creeping can you see it oh my god
Alfie it's huge
could you sell one size higher than the
other on this side see a metal see
they're coping yeah metal bar so cool he
happy he excited like so excited
misty feel like a big kid at Christmas I
mean it's a bit bigger than Christmas
isn't there maybe this was your
Christmas present ever specifically on
the weekends I love
take it
these were kindly sent to me by lush I'm
going to snip them and see which one I
think but I kind of like the idea of the
Sheep
not get
or we've got these these have got salts
look at that so full
last month amazing pluses fun all that
was a nice one for nighttime and then
that's nice too I think this one
hello if I should use the whole thing I
don't think I will I think I'll use one
and then the soul
