good morning it is a lovely sunny
September day and myself and mark myself
and Mark have decided to come out and
have a bit of a like autumn day haven't
we
yeah but it's really hot and I'm
regretting wearing this jumper I know
I've got to be fair I put shorts on I've
gone for like and ought to be out there
but we're shorts because the Sun is out
yeah Mark's Drive again I promise I
haven't been banned I can't drive you
just offered and I was like Gordon and I
don't think you've ever driven us this
this little route we're gonna do our
classic pumpkin patch no oh that one's
not but I think you go ahead there's one
roundabout where you've got to turn and
go back on yourself let me know oh it's
hot in here
it's tight up so like rainy and like
misty and now the sun's out but it's a
beautiful day I just saw yesterday it
hoard it down mark came around yesterday
and we had like Oh sofa day and it was
so amazing considering I had a migraine
all day was probably the only thing that
I could probably muster thankfully I had
a good night's sleep and I don't have it
today but I have like the remnants I
feel like people I get migraines don't
know why me
but you still just feel a bit like
off-balance but your head doesn't hurt
so that's good we're going to do the
garden center have our traditional pizza
and we're gonna do the pick your own and
see if they've got their pumpkins up cuz
last year we went when should we coming
with early yeah I swear we went me and
mom went early to the pick-your-own
like weirdly early because we were like
this came yeah yeah doesn't look like
it's a bird
oh yeah he's like them okay see you want
to get into the right-hand lane and then
at the next roundabout go all the way
around and back over yourself
considering we thought we were early
last year we've decided to go even
earlier this year because they had no
pumpkins left we went last year which
was really sad I think it was just not
good here for the old pumpkins
no it must have been I was weird so
weird yeah we're gonna have a look see
what we've got
I'm aware it's kind of early but last
year why day honestly last year I don't
feel like I made the mostly or two
months I'm up and Ally we're too quick I
think we were holding on to summer a
long lost yeah and this year I'm just
like I just whatever preset Susan halo
versus open Open Sesame
osun's faces away oceans oceans
I love oceans all of tea room so they
could have no pumpkins but we're gonna
have a look this is the round stone pick
your own we're also gonna go at some
point to the Tully's pick your own tea
because that was incredible what I saw
because yeah you can pop up next to that
wipe to vehicle the wide vehicle you're
right we're here
payment cash and she a couple casually
got canceled I've got care was in
busting let's go
oh there's loads of like cute old people
or she would befriend them Eirias he and
they do have pumpkins so the earlier the
better I think
is the motto so these are the blue ones
oh look the little like they call them
like the zombie ones
oh no no cracked one oh that one
that's cute Oh careful
oh it's okay okay guys this is
definitely the time to come to round
stone if you're going to come to round
stone pick-your-own come like now
because there's so many good ones you
got it all I could have hurt if that
landed on your foot look at they're all
across the field okay so I'm gonna I
don't know which ones to take I think I
like this little guy okay
he's so cute but then maybe this one
actually do you think the trusty one
you've been saying on yeah I like him
yeah thing is I don't actually know what
I want these for at the moment I mean I
can't really go wrong okay that's a nice
one
yeah perfect thank you I think they're
just good to have around you know start
decorating the house make some pumpkin
soup
not that I actually like them I like
pumpkin spice baking but not like
pumpkin soup well they're saying that
I'm not sure the last time I ever ate
any pumpkin soup to be honest
do you like pumpkin soup tell you what
this pumpkin picking malarkey we do this
every year gets warm I'm thirsty
oh yeah good shout see yeah we're gonna
pop some pumpkins in the wheelbarrow and
head back I think yeah initially because
it's still very early in the season I'm
probably just going to use these for a
couple of like photo shoots etc that
we've got coming up but besides that I
mean I don't know how long these will
last will these last he'll Halloween I'm
not sure maybe if you keep them in a
cool dry place these squashes are my
absolute fave I love them I don't know
if I almost love these more than the
pumpkins I'm not gonna lie yeah let's
get you look at him I love them so try
it so much why did it feel lovely back
to the car with all the pumpkins they
just very kindly gifted us the pumpkins
we took them up to pay and they were
like and she was like no don't please
don't pay loads of people come here
because of you guys so take them oh
thank you you're not gonna want to put
muddy pumpkins in your boot oh yeah
what's this if you put it on that
tarpaulin
always a little tiny one under there
you
by she's about to do a three-hour shift
pay for them pumpkins I know this is our
tradition like two old friends we cook
we go out we pick pumpkins and then we
come to Hopkins and we get our pieces
why are we doing this until we're like
at least four eight
next year for me but ages we were a bit
worried they might not still be doing
pizza because we never usually come this
late yeah
and mate I think it's just the stuff in
the hot plate but they don't still leave
out like the roast dinners and stuff we
should come in for a carburetor we
should go to Morris yeah we should well
roast dinner season is upon us Ferris we
need to do it we need to find the best
roast dinner in Sussex yeah and we need
to make our own voice dinner
yes anything like me you have chutney
with your roast dinner
do you like onion chutney yeah with like
parsnips potatoes okay if anyone is in
the Sussex area east or west kind of
around Brighton ideally I don't really
want to drive like an hour it's go for a
roast or if it's a good one maybe I
would let me know in the comments if you
know a face that does the most epic
wrote yeah what do you get a roast wat
like me don't you broke that meeting
play something so I get all the mates
and love me all of them yeah yeah he's
like yeah I like parsnips potatoes roast
potatoes like burnt potatoes yeah
mushy peas mint sauce sorry revert mushy
peas yeah
okay so you've mixed like efficient
chips with your roast yeah okay yeah
more like mushy like you spit in my face
meat sauce chutney maybe some crackling
there crack love cracking baby and I
also love sprouts oh I love Brussels
sprouts do you like red cabbage you know
spicy yeah I'm thinking right now I've
got
hmm yeah okay so let us know where a
good place to get roast and what we have
with your roast because see I've it
weird I like mashed potato with mine
because I love much oh my god blood
we've got these and top star slushies I
don't get brain freeze like a Chuck
chest freeze da anyway I'll let you know
he comes to real it good
wowza Kyle what do you don't eat god
these pizzas are so good these are the
best pieces you ever have in your life I
sometimes just crave this exact pizza
it's too late yes we are
cheers Cheers Pete ting ting ting ting
oh sorry you guys you all think he's so
lovely to me do you just hear what he
called me when he thought the camera
wasn't on yuck
we left of that language when you know
me to get off it I had like three pieces
of piece that I could not eat so we put
it back in the car in a box but now
we're gonna ultimately have a proper
look around
straight to the fragrance it's just my
job to have any autumnal ones these look
autumn no warm words fireside redwood
sandalwood and clove autumn harvest cozy
cabin angel yeah oh my god it does
Thierry Mugler my mum used to wear that
I quite like these ones
Oh hot mouth lovely guys I am obsessed
with the cath kids and Christmas stuff
look how cute is tinners and how like
Christmasy and adorable
all their Christmas stuff is and then
look I'm getting this you know I love a
hedgehog I also love the size of this
little pouch it's perfect for like
handbags and in it you get a little hand
cream and a little hand sanitizer so
cute it's going straight in my basket
we've now come into Hobby craft they've
got all their Halloween Cheers
help look all these I love these I will
miss my birthday boy we're on our way
out as you can see I may have treated
myself
to an autumnal silk okay just back here
I had to take a work hall in the garden
center which they must have heard the
Queen's noises because every damn man
that was like a dog squeak from mark oh
they're like that to keep a candle lid
off a conduit who nearly flew in the
face of like Doris and Maureen out on
their afternoon together funny I was up
Oh God
they start this money yeah they love to
walk blame the Saints oh I think I'll be
to love me oh yeah
like they love made a bit mark and while
I was on the phone
I basically just picked out a load of
step
to make the ultimate awesome okay so I
was thinking today we've put on some of
our old videos where we were both like
we lurk
you look falling no I actually don't you
do look slimmer live life laughs I'll
bet they're scary an innocent child in
that we just both we're watching it just
like dying yeah but I hadn't walked him
okay the kid and I was like oh dang damn
you I need to like step up my autumn
bouquet this year and like treat myself
to like a bouquet of flowers at every
two weeks or something yeah cuz I'd
never do that
treat yourself I would love for someone
to buy me flowers also who decided it
was bouquet and not pocket
like what bow pocket or bouquet campagna
that's how I remember how to smoke
champagne same Campagna an elephant all
right Murr ACMA rag isma'u elephant I
know
blimey what is that you're Kurt Jose my
Yosemite I just a little bit money in a
forever silk okay
yeah sprayer it's great with my pumpkin
that's that's what I don't worry cuz if
you spray and oil-based
makes
statement really maybe like rooms great
yes far away yeah why can't I surprise
you're welcome I think it might be free
ice cream lollipops
all three today I hate him her I so what
are my friends that's like going on was
her biggest fear was that the headsman
so it so naturally I would
always like pictures again
to make us where we were staying at
Myanmar car we think slightly
psychopathic because we enjoy scaring
people but you'll have to go over
marshmallow to see the entire context of
huh it needs to end I mean we talked
about it for ages I just I do think that
that's a sign of our personality that's
like question like with the article and
where we love Halloween
we love it higher that's the absolute
has to make people shipments which has
hands Alfie always scares me but there's
a general person he doesn't go around
scaring people
no he doesn't that's not if you just do
that because also houses different when
he scares me you
just do like he says see that you do
Oh
I love what the fields go like this like
yeah I still do that another time
that was my fun time that was my
car behind is right on my fanny
last night new series of rightly so I
love Milan but no he would like
yesterday was like the perfect we didn't
move all day
I just need down to see any computer now
I didn't feel like I had to get up we
laughed we cried you gotta sleep I mean
window nine yeah she lovely little
sleeps again two things I'm not gonna go
up sober any more relationships the
whole yeah by colluding friendship to a
bit muggy but I'm cleared of all that
help and my career stop doubting my
believes another cup server anymore I
think everyone does I every now and then
you're an imposter syndrome
because we're in quite creative industry
that is very competitive and is very
like you know like this subscribe to
this did you watch this that I did like
you
to give ya in some capacity
you feel like other people are doing it
better than you
you just feel so rubbish like than
anything else I feel like especially
more so than anything else I've ever
done
I remember feeling a little bit when I
didn't fix for because I did such
creative subjects that in photography
art text oh yeah I would constantly
compare my work to everybody else's we
like myself in her
so then I married my mother yeah I used
to be like that for the first six months
of our friendship
I used to go back and check like just
before I'd knock on your door I just
double checked the DM just to make sure
I wasn't imagining there I've never told
you this but like for the first six
months of how sighing why does she want
to be friends with me no I know it's
really embarrassing I go over it really
quickly I used to think why does he
wanna be friends with me no you didn't -
for ages I always just double check
before I knocked on your door miss to
make sure but you definitely invite me
over yeah but like because like that's
how quickly Mike who's my world changed
so quickly I had to constantly be like
am I sure I'm okay yeah but we had a
little joke
which I that you were paid by a oh oh my
god we don't make the joke anymore but
please well like past the point oh my I
can literally like we both could I can't
remember why that can that happened oh
what my god I will use this joke about
that all the time the journalist has a
journalist too so we used to pretend I
can't member how it's not yeah I think
someone must have commented something no
I think it was something like said what
so you said and then we both laugh and I
was like oh my god is that because I
can't remember but it was like we used
to I used to joke to mark like oh but
when these six months are are like in
six months time you're not going to be
my friendly wine and then you're going
to admit the
you've been paid by her like ed
mackelson her magazine to become my
friend for six months and get all the
goth yeah every like always been a year
yeah it must be a big page I know I
think it's because like straightaway you
told me about your new house I was very
open very wide this is yeah mark said
why do you trust me yeah that is how it
started yeah and I said because you've
given me absolutely reason not to trust
you and be like I just got I'm a very
open person yeah I don't hold back that
was it and then I was like why shouldn't
I trust you and then we made up the joke
that's because I'd only be friends of
you life a few months and you always
told me about it was such an acute
moment you're just like why do you trust
me like a month yeah that is true I just
knew I could seek good judge of
character
big Lynn your bagua yeah and I could let
you tell you I honestly think I could I
could tell mark there is nothing I would
tell you I mean we were yeah there is
nothing off limits to you know Oscar
time yeah do you know what might do I
might have a bath oh yeah and I tell you
what I'm gonna redo the bath as well oh
my god you're gonna finish the bed gonna
finish the book in the bar we know what
you think let you know what you think
let you know let you know what I think
dude what do you think and then have a
nice glass of red another thing that I
bought fast
I was mooching around was this because
buzz has a flat bed like this and Nala
loves it especially in winter in front
of the fire and it's got little sheep on
one side alright mother
so we just thought I'd put it down and
see if she likes it ah
do you love it it doesn't have any other
doggy smells on so no point looking for
them do you like here we'll know for
sure when it gets the evening whether
she's on this or on that do you like it
yeah there's a special little prison
take the tags off what brand is it I
guess for any of you that want to know a
plat face think Nala don't eat it but
keep doing it water she can't handle the
emotions nope that's myself emotion no
that's that's myself no Nala Oh looks
like someone's having Pavan kids
Oh goodbye my love oh oh I did send you
all the pictures of you eating gluten do
you want me to quickly do that yeah have
a nice so I thought I would just quickly
show you a couple of the things I picked
up at the garden center I've got a lot
of feet because I want to grow poppies
and wild flowers in the garden now I
don't know how many of these I might
have to start growing inside so I'm
gonna do some like proper research but I
know that these ones you can just
sprinkle directly onto the garden
because it says so directly into your
garden and these are just your classic
red poppies so I've got two sachets of
those I've then got these ones which are
the fruit punch poppies I tell you now
guys what I've become obsessed with
something I really become obsessed with
I've got these ones which are the copper
swirl Californian poppies which say easy
grow and Hardy annually which is what I
like to hear and then I got these which
are like mixed wild flowers so I got
this one which says meadow and this one
which says wildflower mixed then we've
got corn field mixture was I supposed to
know what kind of ground hmm I don't
know they just all looks really pretty
and then I've got a honeybee mix and a
Mediterranean mix which just looks so
pretty so yeah so some seeds at some
point but I think these need to go in
like now directly plant outside in
September October so yeah those need to
go outside now
okay these need to be planted in March
these can go outside now and these ones
these ones not those ones and these ones
can't okay so there's only two of them
the honeybee mix has to go in in March
as do the Mediterranean mix as to do the
California poppies so I'm glad I checked
will keep keep those in two separate
paths and then I bought this because
this just screams autumn to me and it
also just looked so beautiful by Laura
Mason and it's the National Trust book
of crumbles because who doesn't love a
good crumble there is like every type of
crumble in here and some of them just
have like really cute illustrations on
the page so yeah I just I kind of
thought it would be nice to make a lot
of crumble and then I also picked up
this this is a Kew Gardens book and it's
growing houseplants I'm certainly no
expert in houseplants but I flicked
through this and I really liked that
each plant had a page about the plan
what it's called where it's from its
origins how to grow it where's best to
grow it what it needs and what it's
called because quite a lot of the time I
pick up house marks in garden centers
but I just think look really cool I
don't know an awful lot about them and I
just want to make sure that I'm semi
trying to put them where they need to be
basically I'm very happy with that I
just built one of those also bought one
of these from the garden center this is
a prayer plant so that's those bits oh
and then this is my hay so yeah I did go
quite big obviously I haven't styled it
but look how beautiful I tried to get a
really pretty mixture of like autumn
leaves this one it's got like autumn
fairies on air and then some greenery
these beautiful like orange roses white
berries I think I'm just gonna throw all
of these into one big bars obviously
style it up a little better than this
but some I got to some I got three I
feel like three is your overall rule of
thumb like three of each but I think
some I just got two of I think this I
just got one of actually this like very
autumn leaf bit here pretty that is so
need to find a nice bass for that and
then we went into hobby craft and I have
plans to do a lot of autumn baking this
year because one thing I did not do
enough of and I was annoyed at myself so
I have these visions of a very amazing
autumn cake I bought some more cake
boards because I've run out and
like that these were black it looks very
chic as opposed to the kind of metallic
silver ones I usually get I bought this
which is by ginger and it's a rustic
wooden slice artificial wood and slice
it's not real wood I don't believe so
how cool would an autumn cake look on
that I thought and then I used to have
tools like this and I I mean I might
still have them somewhere but modeling
tools for ready to roll icing because I
want to make tiny little pumpkins so
I've got the ready to roll icing in
orange oh it's a bit melty in green for
the stalks and in orange just so I can
make some little like squashes or boards
or whatever whatever you call them then
I bought these these are fun colors gel
food colour sir I've never used this
brand it's fun cakes and you get eight
so I couldn't tell you if they're decent
quality or whether you can taste them
because I've not tried them yet but I
think they were around 20 pounds to
eight so I'm thinking these might be
good the reason I quite like the look of
these is because it's a squeezy tube of
gel rather than I've got quite a lot of
the pots where you sort of pick out the
gel and it's quite thick so I thought
these might be a little easier to use so
I'm interested to know how pigmented
they are because I usually use the
Wilton ones I also got a fondant roller
again I'm pretty sure about one of these
at some point but I have no idea where
it is and then because you can't just
roll out a pumpkin you have to paint on
it to make it look really real I bought
some little paintbrushes specifically
just for using on fondant or on icing I
mean you could probably buy any type of
brushes although these do say their food
safe so yes so I picked up those bits
from hobby craft as well just said I
used normally use Wilton colours that is
a lie just opened and it's not
we'll turn I did have some Wilton ones
but their best before dates are much
shorter so I had to throw my Wilton ones
away these ones are sugar flare and I
think I've got these on eBay
because I don't know anywhere else you
can get these in the UK but they are
fantastic colors like look how bright
they are they're amazing but it means
you have to sort of scoop the colour out
of the pots so I thought it would be
cool to try some different ones
[Music]
