[Music]
good morning everybody today is the day
I film myself having a smear test do if
you're wondering why on earth I've
decided to film myself getting smear
test it's because I had a meeting at the
beginning of the year with Jose cervical
cancer trust and it was really
eye-opening and it was one of those
meetings where I was like is there
anything I can do to help encourage more
women to book in their smear tests or
kind of make people feel a little bit
more at ease when they get their letter
to the post and I came up with the idea
that I could actually film it and ask
the nurse questions and show you the
things they use and talk about you know
how long it takes I asked a lot of you
on Instagram if you had any particular
questions or you wanted me to show
anything in particular and I've made a
long list of questions that the lovely
nurse Jenny is more than happy to answer
I feel like in the 10 years of vlogging
this is a it's a moment I've never done
this before
here's me thinking I've over shared then
I bring you into a smear in all
seriousness I do feel that it's
important and it is something that I
would have found very reassuring and
also a great reminder had I seen
something like this I don't actually
think I've even seen anything like this
in school there wasn't I mean you might
have but I didn't have any educational
videos about smear tests so yeah there
are a lot of people that have a lot of
questions so it's really important that
they get some kind of education
reassurance and just generally
understand
more about cervical screenings so I was
like hey what's that thing in them Game
of Thrones I volunteer I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna film a smear test and I hope
that you enjoy the rest of this video
I'm gonna be filming this for this vlog
I'm gonna just make it its own video to
be honest and I'm also going to be
filming it for IG TV so I have Madi
coming in with me and I have Lauren our
creative producer coming in with me as
well so you know the more the merrier
I'm not planning on showing them my face
I'm just not sure maybe there's a
boundary within work that's like keep
the foof to yourself don't show your
colleagues if if unless you're gonna get
wild at a Christmas party and that's
your kind of thing yeah I'm not planning
on them seeing of course I don't care if
they see by accident but that's the only
thing I'm like I just really hope that
Madi and Lauren don't see my vagina
today that's all I'm thinking I think
because I'm I'm not going into it
feeling like I'm going for a smear chest
I'm going into it thinking I want this
to help people and that's really altered
the way my mind feels about it because
if you have seen my previous smear test
I had in 2016 I was so nervous I
couldn't like eat probably for days
building up to that because it was my
first mere test I had no idea what it
was gonna be like and this one is my
second so I have a vague idea I mean
it's been three years and you know my
main my main kind of worry if you will
was having to get my vagina out in front
of a stranger because I don't really do
that you know I keep that to myself and
my partner so that was what I that was
my worry was how am I gonna like just
take my pants off and just be like well
here's my vagina
but they see them all the time and
actually I'm just gonna let Jenny like
do all the talking
and of course afterwards I will share
with you my experience but yeah that's
what this video is today so if you've
clicked on this video hi I'm Zoe and you
can now come with me into my smear test
[Music]
where people just want you to know a
little bit more about what a smear test
is and how all you have to be to have a
smear test basically starting from
scratch so girls at the age of 24 and a
half get a new buy letter which is sent
from what we call a primary care
screening database so everybody's on
that database so they would get their
invite enter and the reason it's 24 in a
hot office because obviously the
screening program starts at 25 and it's
to make sure that people have got their
letter well they have got a period that
they can then make an appointment to
come and see the practice nurse and have
those meters done and and overall they
reckon if it takes all three to six
months to actually make that appointment
so that's why you get that only invite
the actual smear test if people have
been sexually active then it's a bit
like being sexually active I often will
go and get a speculum which we're going
to obviously shown on the film anyway
and I'll show what it looks like we
discuss what the procedure actually is
so putting the speculum inside the
vagina and then I also show them the
within the scene later I've had samples
taken and explained to them as it goes
around the cervix and that's there the
cells there the important cells that we
need to take to census entervan up in
the inner part and that's really how
it's subscribe to pay to people however
I always say to people if you're very
anxious please come and talk to us
because so many people are scared of how
you spend testing because they don't
know what's involved yeah and and the
other big big thing I also find is that
people have had friends who've maybe had
a smear test and then the friend goes
back and says he's such a horrible
experience it shouldn't be horrible
experience it's not a pleasant
experience but it should never really
really hurt anybody that was another one
of the most asked questions was is it
gonna hurt and the only way I can
describe that is that by the simple fact
that everybody's cervix is are so very
very different lots of women have very
very sensitive cervix is other women
probably don't even know you've done it
and we can't tell that to a lady you
know we don't know how sensitive their
their services are I think if people
have got concerns I cannot reiterate
enough please go and talk to practice
nurse please because well they're not
coming please just go talk someone get a
familiar face somebody that you feel you
can trust as well I think a lot of
people judging by what people were
asking me is that they felt they
couldn't say or you know if they were a
bit worried they felt that they couldn't
tell the nurse that they were feeling a
bit worried but I think it's important
to kind of emphasize that if somebody is
feeling a bit unsure or a bit worried
that they can express how they're
feeling and I think that would make
people feel a lot more kind of
and I think people should I mean we here
we have a 20 minute appointment for a
smear test I am aware that lots of
surgeries don't have that luxury and it
might be ten minutes it might be 15 what
do you always have have twenty simply
for that reason is you know the woman
will come through the door you want to
build a rapport with your ladies nearly
do anything yeah you want to find out
their previous history you want to find
out if they had a painful experience
also even down to the simple things of
what size spectrums being used in the
past you know that's really important
people asked how does the HPV
vaccination play a part in smear tests
we are aware that the girls who had the
age of the first lot of HPV vaccine are
now coming through mm-hmm this is my
personal view I think that the vaccine
was sold for badly in the beginning and
I think that's one of the big issues why
we we are not gets into 25 year olds
coming in for their smear tests because
they think they've had the vaccine so
they're fine they don't need to need it
I'm really really hoping that now the
boys are involved in September that the
vaccine will be sold in a different way
and that it is yes it is to prevent
cervical cancer fine but it's only
certain strains of the human papilloma
virus that we know are most prevalent of
course in some local cancer vaccines we
give only covers four strings there's
still over 40 strains out there that can
contribute to cervical cancer which is
why working newsmen test is so important
and Suckley yes a lot of women were
quite self-conscious about getting
undressed from the waist down for the
first time you know they were asking
whether they should do anything in
preparation should they be shaved should
they have shaved their legs what pants
should be wear what clothes should they
wear and people who felt a little bit
more body conscious like do you have any
advice or any yeah but it's exactly what
you're saying people are very very aware
that they're going to undress in front
of a stranger I teach the volkl screen
nurses and one of the main things we say
is you we're not allowed to use blankets
anymore we have to use the capture all
but a little bit of dignity by a couple
of sheets of character all goes a long
way making sure we pull the curtains
around the bed
we always lock the door I always say
today these come in a skirt because then
you can use the a so I've got this girl
you can say you can just flick it out
yeah and obviously you should be behind
the curtains undressing anyway we try to
leave a chair so that people have got
somewhere to put their clothes on and
and I think a lot of it is it's the
wrapper you have with that client you
know I always say I'm gonna lock the
door now and you can often see their
shoulder structures relaxing because I
think then yeah I'm in this room and I
haven't got to worry too much you say
you've seen it yes there's there's no
right or wrong I don't know and patients
will apologize to me and say I'm really
sorry I haven't had time to shave and I
just say you know doesn't matter to me
whether you shave yeah I'm not looking
at what you put like down there I get
you get all sorts you get dealt with
piercings you know they it's normal
that's the important task we're not here
to judge
we should never be here to judge lots of
people ask do you need to have a smell
test if you've not had sex yeah this is
a this is a really really tricky one and
I would pose the question back what you
mean by not having sex so if you've
never ever had penetrated sex and you've
never ever had foreplay
and you have never been near a man or
boy or even sex toys I would say they
normos is miniscule and you need to make
that decision between yourself I would
say that it's the decision that needs to
be discussed between whoever is going to
take that sample and the patient and you
make that decision together yeah okay
you should the nurse should never say
you need a smear test it's it's
something you talk about properly
together if you're with a partner and
you've had foreplay and all you've used
sex toys then yes I do
it's very important you have your
sweetest because the human
papillomavirus lives on sex toys edits
on your hands and they actually lose for
quite a long period okay so we know boys
haven't been vaccinated at the moment
and so boys you know we there is no way
of us knowing if a boy is HPV positive
and the only way we know a woman is HPV
positive is by her coming out of a smear
test yeah there are no other signs or
symptoms is it easier if you're relaxed
do you have any advice to make people
feel more relaxed when having its
manifest and is it is much much easier
if you are if you come in and you
relaxed however you can see patients are
very tense they don't know what to
expect
which is why farce again as nurses we
have we should be sitting and explaining
what we're doing because we need to gain
consent so I again and I teach this and
I do it myself so when my ladies are
upon the catch I will explain what I'm
doing step by step we should all be
explaining that so there are no shots
yeah it's all about communication isn't
it if they're having it done and it
feels painful and they say so so they
think they said to you all this feels
too painful what's up happens they're
like can they would you kind of stop and
give them a bit of time or if someone
was finding it really uncomfortable and
they were not halfway through the test
what would happen okay so what I would
often do is I might say shall we change
the speculum shall we use a smaller
speculum and see how that goes a lot of
the pain is often when smoking is opened
so again what you can do is maybe take
the speculum and reposition it into
difference you know going in an
impossible angle because not everybody
cervix is as you focus it in line it can
be
difficult so you may be moving the
speculum around to actually find the
cervix I just sit on my stool at the end
and you can actually physically see when
a woman is tensing but there's many
nautical tents yeah and my stop phrase
is and probably a lot of nurses also
this the same so try and relax it's very
easy for us to say that but for the
patients to try and relax is another
yeah we've even had ladies here who if
they have found things to be very
uncomfortable we may have given them a
little bit of estrogen cream which takes
a long time internally to make not more
pleasant but to make things a bit easier
when the speculum goes in what does that
do it gives them a bit more lubrication
down below okay it tends to plump the
cervix up so that to take the sample
easier but you with it I've even given
obviously with with the discussion with
the GP we've even given a couple of our
patients medication to try and get them
to calm down
so this there's lots of things we can
actually do to try and suspend yeah so
your smear history is normal so you
won't report ability vehicle I need to
find out if you own any contraception
yes so you're taking hormones
yeah it's not your first man and then
what I need to do is find out where your
next period is due that's as far as I go
with this school because I've got my
little red book
so just next to you money so we're
willing to take this bet
so this is a lot yeah we use and
obviously what we have to do is check
the expiry date not a date pot I'm not
losing that thing this is your songs
we're gonna go into here got here first
time around I didn't ask a lot of
questions she was like distracting me so
I had no idea what with that feeling so
we have large white they caught we have
a meeting long mm-hmm and we have a
medium and then we have a small and then
we have a virgin okay so that's an
Indian plastic plastic we don't use
metal anymore very grainy do you sell
your metal use metal speculum which were
clunky and cold and all no I didn't
realize because I didn't really look
last time but it's quite tapered at the
end I thought it was just round all the
way to the end I don't know why so
that's that's probably what the average
lady would have yeah okay this is a
smooth that's quite different
yeah this is the Virgin so even the
Virgin can you see is which much yeah oh
yeah okay are you happy two different
medium yeah whatever you think yeah yeah
yeah cuz you're not very nice nice right
you know yourself back on the pillow
yeah you they need to
you're feeling fancy like that yeah
make sure the skirt on and then can I
just get you to lift your bottom up and
sink them alright and the reason I do
that is because then for whatever reason
your cervix will come further forward
I'm going in my position for me okay
okay okay I'm going to go up from here I
use KY jelly mm-hmm because I think it's
kind of for you and I Mitchell II use a
tiny dough blob just for that is less
than I thought it would be yeah because
if you use too much it interferes with
the laughs okay I wonder my Potter's
already and then this is the brush we
use okay so it's a very soft brush
however what I would also say is
sometimes it can make your cervix bleed
all right and that is normal that
happened to me by this time yes very
very normal nervous moment okay no it's
just I never do it all the time okay so
I'm now gonna put the speculum in oh
yeah so I'm just going to touch you and
what I would like you to do at any point
you are uncomfortable you tell me or if
you feel this is even too big
okay yeah no good mmm
okay so now you're gonna get that
stretchy feeling is it a new vote and
that's where you're opening the that's
it
speculum yeah this is a bit that feels
kind of weird yeah it's a very strange
feeling okay yeah well good so I'm now
going to take you or someone cool mm-hmm
okay
it's me using the brush how long did
that take from start to finish so yeah
there is a bit of glass to break a and
I'll explain the reason for Gladius is
because you're on the pill
when you're on the field I know what do
the ladies yeah we have to bash the
crusher we've got really hard to get all
the sales up
okay sometimes you can believe because
of the estrogen in the pill yeah all
right
sometimes you might bleed a little bit
easier because you have got also around
your cervix and I think when I read the
letter isn't this made last time to you
you've got what we call ectropion they
are normal okay now it's it's where so
like when you have a great use on your
leg your arm whatever you have a graze
on the cervix which is absolutely normal
for anybody who's sexually active okay
but because it's in a woman by the list
area it's people take a lot of time to
hear you've also got the combination of
you being on the combined appeal so the
east region can make you bleed a bit
more and I would say we'd say long-term
produce is probably not recommended any
longer
yeah by that we say five to ten years so
you've only been on that a couple of
years
yeah so if you're happy on it I would
say stay on it yeah because you've got
the erect champions as well the club
should be some probably too much of the
bleeding okay so well I always have that
forever possibly I think you'll let you
get your pants on yeah strange off the
best man oh yeah that was one of my
questions like if somebody is there any
like occitane or yes some some people
can feel quite sore inside I think about
opening a speculum because of you
interfering with them you know it is
right even its toes feel yeah much more
higher up than you think it's you know
yeah
it's almost gonna take 12 weeks to come
back you should get a letter sent to you
in the post if there is any problem it's
what we do here in this particular area
is you would be contacted by colposcopy
so if you if your sample came back
showing that there was any HPV and it
can come back at different levels so we
can have what we call mild moderate or
severe discovery OSIS which means that's
how to sell the damage to the cells as
being so mild is very is it's a tiny bit
of damage moderate and then severe so
today's the worst and then the next step
would be is that if someone had severe
they would then possibly go on to have
cancer if they didn't get their severe
selves treated okay so we very very in
all of my sample taking history I have
never ever seen a cervical cancer but
I've seen plenty pictures but never ever
in a lady I've taken samples on women
who have had severe dysphoria psious so
they would go straight to course copy
and they they would have treatments and
the treatment they would usually have is
what's gonna less which is where they
actually take they cut the bad cells
away mm-hmm and they would also then
they stain the cervix up to see what
depth those cells are on and they know
what what the depth is to cut away yeah
and then basically those ladies are
usually called back again in six months
time to then look at the cervix again
another samples taken to make sure that
all of those abnormal cells have gone
and what we ground so for moderate and
severe they would be referred to
Kawasaki usually if a woman has mild and
it's HPV positive then she would still
be asked her to come
and then have a look at her cervix and
again they would stain it up and they
just literally have a look and probably
with somebody with mild they would just
be keeping an eye on her
so they might then ask her to come back
in six months for a year's time okay
survival comes as a very very slow
growing cancer they will take up to ten
years to grow Wow okay so that's why we
do them young intervals we do however
very very rarely it can grow very very
aggressively now we also have a pathway
for women who come for vagina bleeding
and so if the woman is up to date with
her smears but for whatever reason she
didn't get gets vagina bleeding we have
a particular pathway to follow what I
personally am finding is is that because
girls are coming in later for this me is
so ie
it's not 24 and a half is sometimes 26
27 28 but their first smear there's a
lot of those bursaries are being
abnormal because they've left it too
long yeah okay thankfully they've come
in at that point rather than they leave
it and leave it and then it's actually
all been canceled yeah yeah I mean I
guess maybe this is a bit remiss of us
when a woman turns up for her smear test
we actually don't talk a lot about while
if Co I have come yeah we do obviously
the majority when they come I've come
because they've had their letter and
they know it is I mean they they talk
about it as being their cancer test and
I think that's something we need to get
away from because it's a preventative
yeah to prevent you developing it
and let's face it the majority of
samples are normal I do think a lot of
women that I don't appreciate what
contributes towards cervical cancer you
know my style is a huge contributor four
or four more top four or more forms of
pregnancies is a big contributor if
you're HIV positive if you are low
immune system which you would have if
you HIV positive or if you're a smoker
you know they are huge contributors how
many sexual partners you had the age
when your first sexually active you have
plenty of shop so if you are a bit
nervous could you bring somebody else in
yeah by all means yes good to know
lots of mums comers come with their
daughters oops very occasionally they
come with a husband yeah there was
something coming another girlfriend yeah
okay you know I might sound as though on
service crazy but it's my hobby okay
what is done yeah and you know and
probably for the last 15 years I've
talked nearly all the nurses in Sussex
seven sorry in Kent I had to do smears
you know I've I tend to do all the
difficult ones here I was a nurse
consultant this is Michael's been here
but done loads and there's and stuff
it's just always been something I've
enjoyed which even my family think on
that the currents by usually to say to
the ladies then while they get in any
kazan do you check your breasts
yourselves as nurses we are not allowed
to check a patient's breasts because the
owners should be put on to the patient
to be breast aware and I always say to
women you need to tell them
breasts after a period at least once a
month and it's feeling up on your own
paper your breast tissue under here all
of your breasts very firmly with this
part of your hands so you've been all
over here and everywhere so on the other
side in the bath with a shower with some
soap on your fingers and then glide over
easier and the most important thing also
is to find a mirror stand in front of
the mirror with your arms up above your
head look at the underneath part of your
breast because that's the bit we tend to
miss and all on on all of the breast
what you're looking for is puckering do
please to have the skin of an orange
looks because if there's any puckering
or dimpling also tethering where the
skin is pulled in that could be an
indication of there being something okay
okay so breast cancer it doesn't
necessarily have to be painful mm-hmm
some people will say they get like a
burning sensation around with a long
piece but they might also then not get
any pain but they've examined themselves
in fatty lump and yeah the idea is like
go TGA yeah keep checking lots of women
get hormonal lumps from their period is
due and they often just normal numbers
it's when those lumps don't disappear
with your almost yeah
[Music]
you may forget to be honest because I
think a lots of people they yeah you do
- yelling - hey late kick you were
pretty on time I was very over time I
don't know creeps of people is it that I
feel like this the group laughs
obviously nine years well yeah here
we're like okay I just need to like get
this done let's do this like 10:25 on
the point Carrie I was like Carrie you
need to book it come on man and the very
first one which was the year and I'm
still waiting for the results
you guys know still we're on week space
them I need to call them today but you
just got told it could take 12 weeks for
me yes yeah I think it's different
depending on where you are I've got mine
really quickly chase I think it depends
on the labs that they're using or
something at it yeah it went very well I
did is that some ropes yeah very well I
think it was absolutely file is
definitely much more relaxed than the
first time because I knew what was
happening but also I would stand to
these guys in the car the first time
around
I didn't she didn't say to me like this
is what a speculum looks like this is
what
like she just did it so this time it was
so interesting to actually see
everything quite close up yes I didn't
look last everything that I reveal no
this was the worst that you assume it's
gonna be otherwise imagination yeah no
so you want to be in and out of there
but you don't want that it's like a wax
you don't want that too
I'm too scared you know maybe I would do
a wax now but that's painful yeah I
generated wife's name was quite painful
like yeah how do some people say that
yeah and mine was quite painful and I
was crampy for like two days afterwards
really but that's pretty normal and it
wasn't like unbearable and it's not to
make me not though again no I think it's
just so different for every annex my
yeah totally imagine Paris yeah because
I my first one I was on when I was on
the pill when I was 25 I played that tie
in her and she said to you today okay a
common you have more estrogen you're
more like a stage whereas previous and
once I kind of since the first one I
haven't led so it could be evidence see
how the next one goes but it wasn't
anything that was so bad that's made me
go I don't ever do that again
yeah last in a period know how was your
first smear were you nervous I could
imagine you not really I just didn't
really think about it I think my real
thing is until I was well very recently
like 21 I don't really know what it was
- yeah my parents ever said anything but
no one ever told me what it was
you know public information I won't even
aware of it recently yeah yeah or I
don't know what I was testing for anyway
but yeah mine was fine yeah I'm not gay
but it's just different
yeah yeah I think there's different
things that for the different people cuz
it's funny you say like yeah that's my
worry
yeah let me know that's a big worry for
some people much of a worry oh it's
gonna work that's my big worry yeah but
in the end it wasn't that bad yes worse
about it I was only ever concerned about
the results procedure but then I have
like I pictured it with my waxing just
imagine - I actually probably had more
stress after it cuz I was like ok now in
the period I ain't missed a chance you
have to wait both weeks yeah I came out
was like done forgot about it now I'm
coming down the line I'm like yeah
interesting help yes
well I had mine I got a text box and I
had to go back because something had
gone wrong
the results were enough for something so
I said then Alex then I was really
panicking with them the tests done yet
yep I think that's really common though
I've had friends who that's happen you
know she did say sometimes you keep
bleep too much it interferes with your
sis oh yeah and then you have to go back
yeah yeah and I was just saying to these
guys and I think you had this as well
because always was really easy today I
had it where she made me put my like
hands under my banner to be able to tilt
my design
yeah yeah why don't you couldn't find
the cervix that was a pillow unto me or
like maybe kind of make fist and put
that onto my back and then they find it
more easily
mm-hmm she did say stirrups not all GPS
will have the beds with stirrups on yeah
did you know yeah I was but she did say
stirrups makes it easier because you
sort of fall into the place it was
supposed to be you don't remember when I
first heard about having this mirror at
war it wasn't that you have to have it
necessarily didn't understand HPV I
don't remember anyone like my mom anyone
it's saying it mrs. Smith you have to go
and have it it's kinda like some weird
like thing that just kind of came into
your knowledge over years but nobody
knew what it was about
yeah interesting it now that I'm all
going to have this thing we didn't we
know what it was and what it was for is
they was so informative like just even
stirrups everything but I think it's so
good we do too
because in UK you can't go until you're
25
so there's no point even talking about
it that's true yeah it's like the
unspoken like yeah when I reach 35
you're going to get the letter
yeah that's actually when we posted
about jokes trust yeah oh so many people
going oh my god it is nothing
yeah I'm sure somebody in Germany was
like we go every year yeah and I was
like actually like your dentist trip
it's like every three years unless you
so when I because I had I think my
second snare if they came back with the
I hope I was HPV positive and I have the
it was only my love bad cells but after
that I'd go I went every year for a
couple of years honestly once I was
clear like positive like I don't input
stay up like deleted test came back I
think for two years they put me back on
the three-year cycle so it really
depends I think on what your results are
but I think three is it standard I just
think that less than less people okay
because she says an all-time low
why thing is that people I'm like 28 or
just like she said that 38 people were
that were her know first means why do
you think it's people just aren't doing
people that 38 therefore first on yeah
yeah sorry he boy you're 30 in there
I think I think people just don't know
bad people don't know that many have you
know it's like straight out of fear like
I knew it was I just am I going yeah I'm
gonna only like Oh II know what to
expect
hmm there's so few things in life that
you do that are preventative
the dentist is basically the only thing
we will do at regular basis that is to
stop and eat falling just stop something
in the future and this is probably the
only other thing and so you know don't
really think about you know wait until
you've got something then you go fix it
usually so that people just don't I mean
killing at a preventative way because
there's not I don't check for other
cancers quite so that's so true yeah
that's being able to understand the
absolute benefits of it and I really
understand that it is so difficult for
so many people and there are so many
barriers that people might have yet
however once you can get your head
around the fact that this is such a
great opportunity and as you say it is
purely preventative and it's free yeah
yeah oh yeah oh yeah
there is the Jade Goody effect as well
cuz I think it peaked then you in the UK
because of what happened to her and then
I think it's like so you declined
because people you get a bit complacent
with everything don't you yes you just
get busy and don't
favoritos yeah and I think a lot of
people I come and be who I was speaking
to but they were like people just get
busy like life gets in the way and
because like you said it's not something
it's not something you're fixing it's
not something that you all
let's down camp Lyman this is the Dan
cameo is that I need to sign up to a
doctor since I moved here and it's just
like getting around to doing it yeah
when I actually don't mind going at all
I've had like STG chats it doesn't
bother me it's just I know maybe it's
not the country right-o it'll never
happen to me which is such a dangerous
ways like that took less actual ten
seconds seconds under two minutes I mean
it's really you're taking half an hour
you date to get to the doctor's yeah -
way to come back out but you think of it
like that is you're talking out but when
people take cific that was so quick I
was like wow yeah yeah you're out even
though I found mine quite unpleasant I
was shocked by how quick it was and I
think if I know even though it won't
told me which is stupidly you don't
listen
but you've if I'd known it was so quick
I would have done it sooner yeah Joe's
truss was saying that they feel that a
lot of women are not going also because
of like body confidence and how they
feel in their body lose and having the
confidence to kind of be naked from the
waist down which i think is really sad
that's really yeah I get it
yeah I'm gonna say we've literally just
like shaken hands when we walked into
this room do I know to shame
vaginas normal everyone's is different
and exactly yes oh yay
I think as long as you feel comfortable
and like happy like I wore a long skirt
today she did say like you know wear
something that's easy or you know just
feel comfortable take somebody with you
which you're allowed to do which I
didn't realize when you can air your
concerns I think a lot of people don't
feel like they can say like I'm a bit
nervous about you know you seeing my
wobbly bits or you've seen my bear
vagina or you feel better having people
in the room yeah yeah but I think I just
wasn't as nervous cuz I knew I was
filming it knew if I was on my own I
would have been a bit more like reserved
and thought over thought well they go
everyone just it's always gonna be the
most the anticipation unless something
else happens to obviously in terms of
like the nervousness and yeah not
knowing what to expect the first one
will always be the hardest so once you
get that one out the way like now like
and you know obviously I was little bit
nervous the first one but now it's just
kind of like yeah get a doctor
push damn it
yeah you we should get you to report
back in like a week yeah and she's not
have you achieved everyone is to join
this club yeah I kinda wish I knew more
about it before it was my first one yeah
that's stressful yeah these days
yeah we're just sort of imagining like
this giant like Victoria
yeah my first time maybe
[Music]
[Music]
