good morning everybody today is a
Saturday and it's the first time today
I've had where I'm not going anywhere
in a while not forever what's going on
here they're a race yeah that's cool
yeah so last weekend we went to Joe's
weekend before that I have my friend's
hen do so this is the first time today
in a while where we don't really have
any plans and I'm kind of excited about
it so we're heading in to get breakfast
myself and Alfie if we decided where
we're gonna go we're gonna do marmalade
I think we do marmalade yes there's two
of us it'll be more fun possibly so yeah
also I really fancy myself some of the
banana bread with the yogurt you're such
a sweet tooth I know I wake up and I
crave like sweet and sugar I think
that's the sign that I'm addicted to
sugar
yeah yeah I think that might be a sign
that I'm actually addicted to sugar I
wake up my body's like craving it cuz
it's not habit for eight hours nice day
today it's like the perfect temperature
sunny bit autumnal love it this is like
my perfect weather yeah this is it's so
nice I think it's gonna be quite hot
today you know jeans yeah but you don't
have a jacket so you all good it's not
you're wearing a hoodie
so yeah I will see you when we get to
tomorrow lady let's just make an Alfie
take a picture of me it's crossing in
the street the things that he does for
me to be fair I do them for you too do
you think there'll ever be a day where
it's like oh my god you use social media
like yeah believe you you still use
social media no our brains would just be
plugged into the system soon no but I
mean beyond that like we'll all be
plugged into the system but do you think
there'll ever be a time where it's like
you remember when everyone had social
media the gods left a copy in front of
the car so I said you mind if I Drive
over that they said that should be fine
okay and then you won't wait you're a
Fiat you say it's cool to switch off
like it's getting to the point now where
so she was so addictive and so prominent
of your lives that it's like
[Music]
people were liking taking taking two
weeks off of social media I like and go
and like think how popular it is to get
my fans and just like have a little
campervans ago you do you know what I
mean yeah could there ever be a time
weathers where they ban it because it's
so bad for people or did you know I mean
just like yeah I don't know could there
be a time where it doesn't exist because
something awful happens or if someone
who was like 25 said to you oh I get
20,000 likes agents come here jack
yeah I've hundred thousand followers or
yeah I don't even have a social media
account no I don't have Instagram or
Facebook when I would be more impressed
with that then I would something yeah
especially likes do not I mean yeah
especially because like everybody has it
to come across somebody who doesn't is
like like wow yeah and if anyone's
watching they're saying I don't have
social media you're watching a bloody
youtube video it is YouTube a social
media player it's okay I just don't
think of it like that I think of it as
like a video sharing like you're
watching platform but I guess it is a
social media a type of social media I
don't know I just I wonder if like a
hundred years from now people like she
remember when like
people shed everything how crazy
heading home now in the clip before this
you will have seen what I had for my
breakfast and all my days it was so good
it's the banana bread with spiced
berries and yogurt it's so good also
I've had a cold so I literally said in
my last video I've not had consoles
because I was talking about its improved
and I was like I think that's helped me
in terms of like not having it go go go
not having cold sores and then I got one
so I completely jinxed myself but I
absolutely hate when it when it's here
it I open my mouth or I laugh too hard
and I feel it split it's gonna take so
long to heal because I keep opening it
and splitting it oh I hate it I just
feel like when you have something in the
corner of your mouth I don't know it
makes me so self-conscious but anyway
I'm sure it'll go and I also looks
really good very breakfast and randomly
got like three spots I deny stress going
on Hey we have been some outside chill
time in you little bed so one thing
about Nala is how much she loves being
outside when it's sunny not when it's
raining then she refuses to come outside
but when the sun's out it's like her
favorite thing so I've put her bed
outside and she's just come outside
straight away and got in it you love
sunbathing outside don't you this is
perfect weather for you to do it because
she tries to do it in the heat of the
summer but obviously it's way too hot
for that especially as she's a black pug
she can overheat quite quickly
but September heat that's good for you
isn't it it's not too hot but the sun's
still out so it's like your perfect day
that's a lot of yawning going on there
will you have Funland you enjoy a little
afternoon sunny nap it's honestly the
nicest day this weather is so nice I
think I'm gonna come outside with my
book and just sit with a drink on the
sofa and read for a bit we've got a new
book club book for the zoella book club
this month if you've not seen on the
zoella Instagram account it is how do
you like me now by Holly Bourne so if
you want all my goodness that it's the
biggest bumblebee I've ever seen there's
like a drone so if you want to get
involved with the September book if the
Michelle Obama for last month wasn't
really your thing or you finished that
and you want something else to read then
yeah that's the one we're reading so I
want to make a start on that this is
also the bed I don't know if any of you
remember but I did a swap with Joey and
Daniel I think it was two years ago now
and they sent this bed and all I still
got it and still loves it so thanks Joey
and Daniel just had I'm a prime wardrobe
delivery sling before I head outside
with me book I'm going to try on these
bits and see if I like them so don't if
you remember but I actually worked with
Amazon Prime wardrobe last year when
they launched the service and I just
thought it was so cool you basically
order between three and eight items they
get delivered between one to two days if
you are already a prime member so you
pay for prime delivery then you can use
the service as you are you get delivered
it and then you have seven days without
paying for you to try on the clothes see
if you like them and for anything you do
want to keep you then pay for after the
seven days anything you want to send
back Amazon make it super easy they
provide you with everything you need
it's just a very quick and easy service
that I recommend people all the time as
specially if you've got like an event
coming up and you have like two days but
you want to get loads of different
things to try on knowing that you might
send five items back and only keep one
or two right I'm getting all the bits
out I'm gonna put them on the bed and
I'm gonna try them on I don't have any
mascara on and I haven't done my
eyebrows today and I keep looking at
myself in the mirror and just being like
what looks different
why don't I look the same and I think
it's that so I'm currently in the
process of sorting out my wardrobe it's
taking me a while because I let it get
very messy but also I really hold on to
things I'm so bad at it in every area of
my life photos random receipts tickets
for things I went to like five years ago
I'm a very sentimental person and
sometimes that kind of slides into
getting rid of clothes because in the
back of my mind I think but so-and-so
gave me this or but I bought this for
this event and maybe I'll wear it again
I
I allow memories to be attached to
clothes which is so silly but I know a
lot of you will do the same thing I've
been clearing out a lot of the things
that I don't really wear anymore it's an
ongoing process but there was lots of
new autumn bits on Amazon Prime wardrobe
so I I went on and picked up just some
nice kind of transitional autumn pieces
that I can wear like now I have been
buying more winter style coats and
things but as you can see from weather
today it is still that like transitional
kind of time which actually I think is
my favorite time when it comes to
clothing
hello Nala never too far away yeah this
is this is probably my all-time favorite
time to style clothing I love it I love
layering I love wearing jumpers under
like jackets or jackets shirts jackets
denim jackets I love this time of year
for clothing so I've picked up pieces
that I think will go really well in my
wardrobe but will also be things that I
think I'll get a lot of use out of first
thing I picked up is this this is by the
brand iris Lilly
and it is a sports bra and I loved that
it had a zip for easy in-and-out access
I also loved the colors I thought it was
very nice I love having a nice variety
of good sports stuff for running or
jogging let's be honest and in that same
vein I picked up these running trousers
or running leggings and these by the
brand or ecori key or I'm going to
butcher that so come on there you go
or eat which also look really good they
had great reviews as a company so I
thought I would get those as well I
spotted this biram odor jumper oh my god
love it it's so autumnal then I thought
I could wear that with this skirt I
think this is new look I love that
that's so pretty
also got myself a new pair of black
jeans so they're sort of like a faded
washed kind of black and they are by Lee
so they're Lee jeans I hear so many
great things about Lee jeans and I've
just never I don't have I've never been
in or found anywhere where I could buy
them or try them they have really good
sizes like every size you could ever
think of every half size every waist
size every waist width length size which
is usually where I'd struggle a bit so
I'm a 25 waist but I do have quite long
legs so if I'm shopping somewhere in a
petite section usually it's small around
the waist but then quite short so I
loved I could get a longer length on
these and I'm really excited to try
those on oh these are Pepe jeans London
it's just a nice pair of like small
trousers I don't know these just
screamed autumn to me and like office
days in the autumn I don't know if
they're gonna fit they look quite wide
but I'll try them on
keep this Macky another new look they're
kind of it's not really dungarees it's
more of a jumps jumpsuit overalls in
this gorgeous rust and the legs are like
it's kind of like clots very floaty but
I also just thought this would look
amazing with a white t-shirt underneath
long sleeves you can wear it with boots
high-top trainers just perfect for this
time of year and then the last thing I
bought which I did sort of treat myself
to because there was a bit more on the
Frankie side but it looks so cool and
the reason I picked this up is because
my brother actually has one kind of
similar I don't know if it's by Wrangler
but he has like an oversized kind of
eighties styled denim jacket with like
fur on the inside and I wore it in New
York I basically just kept stealing it
off him I've never been able to really
find one that has that same effect and
then I saw this and as I go I feel like
this might be the oversized denim jacket
of dreams I love it huh this is perfect
okay jumper love let me actually bring
you up so you can see in there in the
mirror
let's go flat the jumper I love it's
quite like a nice easy to tuck in it's
not too thick it's quite thin which is
like perfect for this time of year the
skirt I'm I'm undecided it's that kind
of fabric that's like I don't know it
makes me feel bigger than I am it's very
clingy if that makes any sense
I'm also not sure about the length of it
is it me or is it just a length that's
not quite long and not quite
sure I feel like it needs to be like
there I don't know let me know what you
think
okay trousers where are you hello
trousers I thought these were going to
be too big I love them they're so comfy
they fit really nicely there's enough
room to tuck a jumper in and they're
quite smart jeans oh my god they fit
like a mother effing glove they are so
nice I love them
guys I've gotten really good shopping
online I like the height of them too
yeah keeping them I love this I think
I'm gonna leave this on for today
because it's super comfy and I've just
put a white body on underneath just a
plain white body this is so comfortable
I feel like it's an adult like baby gray
the only thing is that it doesn't have
pockets which I would have really
appreciated I think okay so we found
something that I need to return this has
zero support it is not tight enough
around here for me and you can't adjust
it so that's going to need to go back
under boob this doesn't it's not tight
on my pinky really pretty though I'm
kind of sad it doesn't fit me for any of
you that might be wondering what the
style of the lead jeans were they were
the scarlet hi skinny high waist so
that's the style and then I went for a
25 waist on a thirty one leg and it was
perfect
made my mind I've decided to keep the
jeans on instead just cuz a shopper
can't they come back downstairs I think
Alfie's playing with his kendama in the
garden which is just so
and I'm gonna get myself a water got my
Kindle you can Darma Inc I'm gonna come
it out here I forgot to get an ice lolly
I just said I was gonna get a nice lily
and I completely forgot you get it what
did you have to try and do what was the
trick the one that you have to triple
ribbit look at me three minutes so on
this okay so you got like there
so the borders are spin yeah and then
you spin the thing that at the same time
that was sick
you got thrown do it again now it's got
a whirlwind you have to flick that quick
oh you so needed it again see throw it
up and then you spin this you just try
the ball never it's on a string
well you're whiplash spin the ball what
do you mean it's been the ball and
they'll be easy to catch on Spike
really Oh
I mean maybe be a you know holding me
over the edge
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Ready Steady Oh
oh I didn't mean that I didn't mean that
oh I did it I did the one where it goes
in here and then you spike it on yeah
yeah
[Music]
a little bit of a change of scenery we
were watching something on Netflix alpha
pod I think it was called the Islanders
or something is that what it was called
the Islanders and the sunset looked epic
so Island the island is a land like an
iPhone right that kind of vibe hey maybe
that's a clue yo this look okay this
doesn't look sick it looks really cool
yeah that looks so cool
so we basically just the ROO wanna like
clothes shoes we weren't naked okay you
just threw on our shoes and jumped in
the car and did like a wild drive up to
Devils Dyke to try and catch the sunset
but guess what he cool mister he caught
like two seconds after we were trying to
park the car and then when we parked the
car it was gone
every time we try and do this the
lighting is bloody it's yeah yeah your
skin looks good
my skin looks left I mean apart from
your easily allowing ones on purple yeah
well maybe if you put it here I got Sun
to hit me anymore we're just watching
the sunset and it's beautiful well drink
the remnants look at the sky ah look at
that is that not the most beautiful
thing you ever did see oh do you want to
tell them about your your van conversion
I haven't got one yet but I'm planning
basically last year I did a van
conversion not last year maybe you see
before no it was like 2016 did a van
conversion and sold off for charity but
the one thing is because we put so much
time and effort into doing up like in
tents for five days when and then we
auctioned it straight off for charity
and we never got to sleep in it and
recently I'm like I really really want
to do some like trips in a little
caravan not a caravan a camper van
that's why hey I've got the skills to
build one
have you
yeah bill one didn't either sort of
charity just you know me Dave and Shawn
yeah yeah
okay I've called the tools and a little
bit the skills to build one yeah so
that's more like it
I'm gonna buy camper van the caravan no
a van a transit van I'm gonna buy a
normal van and then do it up yeah but I
wonder in like electricity heating yeah
yeah not heating why are you building
the heat in there now you you you're
willing to get that where are we gonna
go in it I mean I'm gonna go everywhere
now I don't know how you're gonna go so
I'm not invited now you're invited I
just can't imagine you wanting to sleep
with it a garage and you've been so
scared
no I wouldn't be scared as always it's
got squat lortell underfloor heating
private security CCTV cameras I'm going
in what you just put up anywhere like
you just pull up up here sleep I hope
this makes the blog because once it give
it a couple of months from we've built
it all in everything a couple of months
we've done before Christmas
Oh hundred percent I have to because if
I buy it and just say like December I'm
gonna hate doing it up outdoors when
it's freezing cold so I'd rather buy it
like I would love to sell my Audi next
week by the van I've been looking for
the van I've also got somebody who does
our pants for their job looking for a
van for me I'm gonna buy one ASAP as
long as I can sell me out because then I
can use that money no cuz then I can get
cracking on it wait why is it's nice
weather not gonna lie that's when you
get bloody van soon it's gone then we'll
have to run up here at half three nobody
will be dead sunsets as well it's so
beautiful
at that sky sunset update it's not I
love when this guy goes like this all
like pinky something just bit me on my
neck and I've no idea what that was and
it certainly wasn't Alfie we're gonna
have another game of cards we've played
a lot of [ __ ] today haven't we
yeah it's a different one yeah no I just
love shared it's like the best game ever
oh oh
[Music]
good at this game I know thank you
bubble look it that's probably dripping
I wouldn't do that it's a proper wet
blood because every time I move it break
yeah
how will it ever heal it's never gonna
heal your vagina do they know about that
oh my god you can see what oh my god
which one do I go for Oh
ready
you lift it Oh Oh literally just one
with the worst card in the game yeah
because I very nicely for you
know who won cards you want every game
isn't it weird how sometimes we play and
I win every game and then sometimes you
playing you in every game lost every
single game oh the excitement this is
now very nice
happy Sunday myself and Alfie have come
to Sheffield Park which is a National
Trust Park and we've got Nala and we
just can have a little let's stroll
schmooze is map out Google Maps isn't
useful for yeah that's very true you
remember when we were trying to find
poppy and John that's what I mean like
this is the only kind of place where
like you wouldn't use Google Maps and
you don't have a printed map instead
yeah feel like my mum and dad when we're
going to like London like 20 years ago
that's got the map out mum's driving my
mom always used to really struggle with
math reading do you know why why well
what do me and my mom have in common
what have I inherited from Richard know
I have a great sense of direction what
can I do in the car travel sick yeah so
my mum has it bad so before before
sat-nav my mum had to be the map reader
my dad would drive and it would make her
first so sick the only bad bit when it
goes over the edge of the page and is
that wait am i turning off and on ously
don't think I could tell you how to read
a map I'm from Modena all you're meant
to come off their mum being like did you
mean to come off there yeah I bet your
dad can read a map we found a little
woodland walk area which I actually
think I prefer I love walking through
like look at all those trees
it's amazing that alfie showing me this
which is in the walk not I'm coming they
do
activities are suppose ah goal making
where you help out make charcoal that's
so cool yeah you can come along for like
and there two days and learn how to meet
your cough that's so cool I just love
being in the woods like where me and Joe
grew up next to the house are you going
this way I don't think you can go that
way
oh what's that bit for oh my god I
thought that was a bird so where me and
Joe grew up there was actually a wood
like woodland by the house so more often
than not if we needed entertaining we
would just walk through the woods so
like this is literally like my childhood
just walking through picking up stick
Joe said he used to hunt pheasants I
mean he tried I think he thought he was
like some like woodland
Bear Grylls what's that guy give tick
takes in the rich give to the poor Robin
Hood Robin Hood
it's just exploit love it you look so
tiny because the trees are so massive I
wonder how old these trees are don't say
on the document' oh yeah there's a
little bridge up here and every time we
have to make neither go across there
she just hates it and it's so
alright ok this way
okay
pick out
