we're gonna try and go ice-skating
quietly knock hi
[Music]
and we've woken up in the air B&B
everyone's getting ready to head out
Alfie and Diane are talking about
leggins
oh you're good I have my gray one is
like that yeah my gray one that is hmm
that's got to be a net right let's go my
skate in you ready okay we've made it to
Whitehall everyone's just loading out
the car we're gonna try and go ice
skating but the slot is in like three
minutes time Jo how you feeling stressed
that well everyone yeah so gonna be so
late the yesterday when he was talking
about their interval between cries oh my
god imagine imagine if Diane was a Alfie
though haha well look how slow he is
everything
and it's muddy oh sorry
2/3 [ __ ] talk about drawing attention to
yourself
I haven't are on play area so my 9 used
to take me and Joe down here everytime
she looked after us and we used to come
and play on the UH dirt yeah they've
still got the tires to be fair no
they've taken it all away that's sad but
we found the ice rink we just have to
hope we're allowed on it there's a lot
of very young people I would quite like
a banana so me and Diane can sit on that
and YouTube composure okay so this is
Diane's first time ice skating hi Phelan
always dreamed of doing it
and now that you're not doing strictly
you're allowed to go on the ice it's
actually in your contract that you can't
ice-skate
okay yeah because you can't get injured
yeah makes sense yeah yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
in our reflection
in every
now he's trying to teach us how to spin
try again
[Music]
first money
yeah
[Music]
and how did you find that love you are
like a prize Christmas has arrived
another seal egg yeah that's what so
probably like 20,000 pounds yeah one day
100 pounds I'm right okay one day we'll
have this in our spare room if you agree
to put it down no you'd still hate it
they look at the cable car that's pretty
cool that's like the most impressive one
I've ever seen yeah this is even just
look at the like it's not just on a flat
table this or not yeah
everything that's so much fun playing
all that together
welcome to white walls magical Christmas
right let's see what we got I like the
lamb it's so cool this looks magical
ah Wow they really go all out in here oh
this is so festive
we're adjourned Diane you never see like
stuff like this nice know what in
Australia now are they real Christmas
this is like a little fairy light
walking back to the car now picked up
another last-minute present Fernan some
like Jamie were some mealworms why nah
she a little bit of a weird food craving
that she gets pregnant no she likes to
feed the bird so it's for the best
yeah it was really nice of them to let
us have the ice rink cloak for a bit for
a bit on our own all right and that was
so nice it makes sense examine us we
took their shoes off to make sure that's
exactly and that was that's probably
when I favorite like ice skating times I
don't know I liked it I liked it quite
like that it was quite a small rink
sometimes when they're really big you
feel quite it's quite overwhelming but
yeah we're gonna head to my Nan's now
and give her her Christmas presents and
head over to dad just stopped off and
wait tries to grab some lunch bits but
you know what I just realized because we
paid at the thing and then we didn't get
bags we're just carrying out
you chose no receipt so it just looks
like look so we just walked out with it
well wait dad's now chill
in this vlog out and we got lunch in the
oven I chose it got some pizzas nice
Dan's got some tomato basil 400 right
that's tree I was gonna say to you yeah
it out no I don't think that is right no
yes yeah that's that's it that's right
yeah this doesn't have light Sun yeah I
told you it's a truism apparently you've
got home oh this is looking great
Alfie's on the lights because I just
can't do it
I'm terrible good
no ratio yeah how many would got let's
see if Alfie can do it I think you could
go a bit lower
I'm just going my us will be promoted in
the doctor yeah
[Music]
Oh what did you win oh that's what I
needed that day I wrap a present with
that black stuff I don't know what
[Laughter]
relation tastes Oh bye guys have an
amazing Christmas see you in 2023 all
finished do you like it dad yeah it's
good innit
ah hello you joined me at fleet service
station in the car Alfie needed a wee
and when Alfie needs away on a journey
it's a ticking time bomb so I was like
ooh a service station this is after him
mentioning once that he needed a way I
was very aware of like I don't want this
to be that's better lighting I don't
want this to be a thing that he's like
yeah yeah I'll just wait
but if Alfie needs a wee he starts yet
quite grumpy so I sort of service
station after the first announcement
that he needed away and I was like she
want to just go now
and he was like yeah baby actually and I
was like okay great so we've pulled in
had a really nice time at my dad's he
gave us some really lovely presents one
of which is a disco LP like record with
some amazing disco classics on it which
I'm very excited about
so thanks dad and a little toy for nyla
which I can give to her when we get in
so our fees has gone into the service
station and I said get me a surprise
which I feel like is every part
there's worst like thing the idea of a
surprise is really lovely at the same
time you don't want to get it wrong to
be fair I have no expectation of what
this surprise should be I know some
people do should I put this here I don't
know how to put you so I have no idea
what he's gonna come back with he's
taken his precious time though so I can
usually tell by his walk he's got quite
like a jaunty walk like he's quite
bouncy is Alfie deyes we've just been
talking a lot about next year and trips
that we want to do like big trip smaller
trips I feel like I'm at a point now
with my anxiety and in my life like I'm
30 in March I don't know how that's
happened it's just happened so quickly
that I'm a bit like okay we're not like
putting a date on kids but we know it's
gonna happen at some point so we want to
try and do a bit more travel now my
anxieties kind of at a level where I
think yeah maybe I can do that like
super long haul trip to there or maybe I
can like push myself a bit and do that
huge trip that I've always had in the
back of my mind but never felt like I
could actually make happen especially
because like work stuff is always so
busy and have the office and I am always
working on something I think my brain
sometimes can't like the capacity to
think about then taking two weeks out to
go somewhere and not think about work I
always just think oh no I don't have I
don't have the time I don't have the
time and that's stupid because the time
is now I'm never gonna be in this
position where I don't have children and
it's just me and Alfie and you know I
have the luxury of owning my own
business and owning the work that I'm
doing I'm in charge of what I'm doing so
I need to like own that a little bit
more and I think next year
touchwood I'm saying it now but I think
if we plan the trip and put them in the
diary they will happen the problem with
me and Alfie is we start getting really
busy
and then our year just gets so booked
that there's nowhere to put trips in
which is stupid because we should be
prioritizing basically what I'm saying
is we're gonna prioritize the trips a
bit more next year because we're not
getting any younger and I feel ready I
feel like I'm at a place where I'm gonna
be able to enjoy those things a lot more
and it's taken me a long time to get to
that place but I think I'm at it which
that's basically what we've been talking
about our whole car journey which has
been really nice talking about three big
trips we'd really want to do next year
and like it's really interesting hearing
the sorts of trips Alfie would like
because we're both very different people
naturally everyone's different but when
it comes to trip's like that Alfie is a
lot more like adventurous and he likes
things that require me to [ __ ] I
actually just [ __ ] myself why have you
done that come on the other side oh good
your prison you know there's your hands
out
on here are you kidding me well what do
you normally go for
Oh same thing isn't it
I think if we retired I'm excited I was
just talking about how too much game
actually you know these are the freshest
chips I've ever had yeah no I appreciate
that preciate it a lot of it
I was just talking about how we were
talking about what trips you wants to do
next year and I was saying how you're a
bit different because you like more
adventurous trips but that's like a bit
harder for me too
that requires a bit more come on so
what's the word which is always you want
to actually do but this is also why I
love you as a person because you
encouraged me and a lot of the time
those my favorite memories yeah so but
then also I love her lying on a beach
doing sod or which I'm up for doing as
well it's not your favorite holiday it
wouldn't be that but if we if there's an
option to be able to do both which I
think we can do hmm every time just FYI
I would I would want something to be a
bit more like every single little bit
out of there also when's realistic
because we've been saying like we wanted
to Australia New Zealand first is yes
and then were like is it realistic that
would be able to do it 2020 or is it not
we're trying to decide that or
what kind of how long time wise and
total could we spend away next year so
probably just carry on talk about that
now
we've got an hour left oh so have you
got miss bright I want you to try this
burger to this burger is bang it is
there anything more refreshing that is
the question this is a good burger
we've also got the worst light in I
thought it would taste exactly like a
mock chicken so much but it doesn't it's
crispier I think I prefer this to a much
chicken sandwich would you've been
having for years and you know how much
this is sometimes I'm a bit slimy 99p
shut up it's because this with mayo not
is it much chicken sandwich with salad
cream there's a difference in this sauce
I've done a lot of eating in these vlogs
look bongs in this book it's more fun
thank you for my surprise was it a good
one hmm it was either that or something
really whack from like
whatever shop that was there it was even
you imagine me drivin home with a neck
pillow and I'd fall asleep okay one hour
left let's do this I am home tires some
IET me out he's running us a bath I need
to take this off flippin Eck I'm gonna
have an early night tonight this is
probably gonna be the end of my vlog
because I know I'm gonna get in the bath
and get out the bar and fall asleep but
it's been a really nice couple of days I
would just like to feel like I'm gonna
recharge my batteries a bit like New
York one day which we also crammed in
with like preparation to go back home
and then back home and now when I say
back home I mean back to work sure
although it's interesting that I call
that home someone asked me recently
where do you call home and I was like
here but I just called back
I just called back we'll in wiltshire
home I guess it will always be my like
first long-term home Malorie is sulking
with us for going away again aren't you
not happy not happy with us at all or
just like really tired I can't I can't
decide
I think she's sulking I don't see how
he's getting on with that bar it's
probably already in it or it's
overflowed you running the bar it looks
so good what have you put in it I'm not
going to turn this around with these in
his pants Oh
muscle relax amazing and what was the
music of choice
[Laughter]
that's cute
okay Lane you can all just guess let's
go itself below GT I'm gonna go and get
myself a glass of water and then I'm
gonna get in too hot it's quite an art
running the perfect bath I think you'll
find right gonna get myself glass water
and I'm gonna end this vlog here thank
you for watching today see you tomorrow
good night
