good morning happy well there's a lot of
air coming out there happy one stay on
this gloriously rainy kind of miserable
but also kind of cozy day I'm not
wearing anything waterproof which I
realized as I stepped down the house I
got a little bit wet in my cardigan I'm
not hoping to be outside too much today
basically I went with Mark to home since
a while back which I feel like didn't
vlog it or did I just post it on
Instagram I can't remember and since
then I've not been back and I know for
sure that they'll have lots more
Halloweeny in autumn abit sin and I know
that poppy really wanted to go as well
so I text her and I said hey pop which
mattes go into HomeSense
because it is quite a drive away the
really big one that I love going to is
in church Easter obviously we're in
Brighton so it's like a 50 minute drive
so I mean that's how obsessed I am with
HomeSense I'm willing to dry for a few
minutes to go to like a really good one
but it does mean that like I don't go as
often and pop he doesn't get to go as
often so I knew she really wanted to go
and I could definitely go back so I was
like let's go oh I forgot my bags every
time I forget my bags I might have some
in the back actually the rain isn't
gonna stop me from having a nice day I'm
feeling all terminal and then I'll
probably get back and put the fire on
and do a bit of reading just quickly
Bethany young if you're watching this
you have made me obsessed with these M&S
Belgian milk chocolate rice cakes when
she came to stay with Daniel she bought
some in like a little packet they were
like tiny ones and they were so good and
now I just basically I'm obsessed of
them so I've got them for the road made
with whole grain rice I mean
it's definitely not the healthiest snack
but for me this is definitely a snack
that is much more on the healthy side so
I'm proud of myself if there was no
chocolate on it we'd all be a bit
astonished I think I've already briefly
mentioned this but I'm just obsessed
with waitress holy when I saw
Joanne waitress last week he was flippin
amazing I knew you would be
and I just I mean I felt like I was
going to see Jo I didn't really think
too much about the actual like musical I
didn't think too much about like the
storyline or whether it's gonna be good
or funny or I just was kind of like I'm
going to see Jo
I'm obsessed I've like what downloaded
and watched the film already I'm
listening to the soundtrack on repeat my
favorite songs on the soundtrack are
what baking can do and she used to be
mine but I have to say I just love all
of them I also really like bad idea I
also really like I didn't plan it I also
really like what's the one that's like I
like when he sees me I like the negative
I just I love all of them I'm gonna
listen to them now on the way to get
 because she doesn't know any of
them she hasn't seen it yet and I and I
know from experience if you've not seen
something and you don't get it and
someone's playing the songs you I think
you can pre ruin it and I don't want to
pre ruin it so I'm gonna listen to it
all the way to puppies so that I'll
probably put something else on I am a
big fan of waitress
I love the storyline I love the songs
cerebral a Bareilles Barela
Braille Allah has written some
incredible music
I mean even if my brother wasn't in it I
would be like go and get tickets to see
waitress the musical because it's
fabulous I loved it so much and also go
because Joe's in it obviously but yeah
we have four very HomeSense now which is
looking at all of the amazing
body butter this works candle yeah lover
oh honey
[Music]
you've got some Christmas decorations
bye
seek help this is all like the body oils
and the tools
oh yeah like oil diffusers but get one
of those honey I'm definitely out the
two of us I'm the one with the mustache
yeah you get rid of yours
I don't leave mine we start I'm proud
because if I use hair removal cream it
gives me spots which is so annoying
otherwise I definitely would be using
that to get rid of my little - yeah
waxing makes me go spotty as well
basically I just have to leave my top
lip alone it's an angry little bugger
oh I wonder if they've got any doggy
costumes
round here so far it's a it's a backpack
for your pair I don't think I would
absolutely not
she certainly wouldn't like look through
this and be chill I love the dougie
section oh it's so cute
look at these Ivo an egg on toast oh
just like any costumes oh dang it but
nice winter jackets I feel like now it's
got enough of those good morning
it's Thursday in our mustards and rusts
we are heading over to Tully's which as
you guys know in fact so many of you are
asking me it go tell you skin this year
because you all know I love going but
very very kindly they're letting me take
some hay bales some corn and some
pumpkins for my porch which is very very
kind of them we're actually gonna go
back and go pumpkin picking as well but
it's not open the pumpkin picking yet so
once that opens we'll also be going
doing that which we did last year don't
we we loved it oh my God we're so orange
that's what we're doing right now so we
headed over to Tully's I'm secretly
hoping the IDI lets us look round one of
the mazes I've just take them off we did
it last year to try and convince Holly
to curtain still didn't actually you
found it freakier in the daytime no but
you were ill not because you don't want
to go always it because you didn't want
to go you weren't really I was Paula oh
the Hollies coming this year
on I'm Paulie again
so yeah income of me see Tony's in the
daytime get some hay bales of gold and
some corn some corn
we're here and there's goats look at him
the event and
didn't come to myself
Oh No hello holy Macy here we filled the
car oh my god it's so funny we're not
gonna be able to drive it smells doesn't
it
smells like corn how's the ship think
sir this is the situation I wonder if
they can see both of us yeah there you
are so this is the situation we're going
to drive home like this just got the car
valeted now it's for the straw so
Alfie's gonna be like of sick sick sick
we've got three hay bales thank you so
much Tully's love you and we're off and
we've got a lot of corn
I can see holy to be fair I really don't
need this mirror for this drive do I
because I can't see anything well if you
want to talk to me cuz I'm so far full
with though oh it's because you've
pushed your chair really up right okay
right see you when I get there holy see
when we get back maybe we shouldn't go
to Burger King on the way back can you
imagine right let's go stopping off for
a little bit lunch oh thanks love we
we're going to get a Burger King because
a Burger King chips would you like me to
remove that bet yeah
I just had the car feed literally on
Thursday they hoovered the inside
Victorine Oh what Tuesday they cleaned
all the inside they cleaned all the
outside what did I do you drive for a
puddle
and then all he was like are you joking
you just got your car cleaned does like
oh it won't be dirty okay lunch has been
had the Sun is out so it's the perfect
time to try and get this look baby
pigeons come out this is a lot of
 babies like thing every time but
it actually is there's a brave one and
then and not so brave one hey it looks
like weird right let's put this up here
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
look at it Oh Deary me I'm gonna go and
get a brush and maybe the Dyson Hoover
yeah we could brush out what we can and
then our Hoover the rest okay
Carmina oh look don't worry one of the
BIM Bosch oh okay well that's gonna keep
half man okay so this is the vision the
vision is the corn here oh it's gonna
look great yeah
[Music]
e is so extra bah it's a big porch way
I'm gonna stand back right this is what
I'm looking at it just looks so extra
like beyond extra I love it I just said
to Holly do you know what I know some
people are gonna think I'm crazy but if
you've got a porch way and you want to
make it feel seasonal then bloody do it
it makes you if it makes you happy then
do it and Thank You Tully's for giving
us some corn and hay if any of you live
near a farm you should see if they have
any hail corn for your porch decorations
and also I'd like to know if any of you
know what the hell these are they've
come out of the tree but they're like
giant wet witchetty grubs why this is so
great
I feel no they did like it it's quite
extravagant it looks really good don't
you think yeah I was thinking like but
please don't say Zoe sign it all that
Halloween like time I know yeah it looks
really good
thank you it's good Lynch comes bot yeah
I wanna sit Nala here yeah okay with it
then obviously the wreath good morning
happy weekend it's Saturday and Alfie
got in last night at like half three so
I'm kind of tired and we did go back to
sleep but then once I was awake I was
really awake so I struggled to fall back
to sleep for so long which always
happens to me
past a certain time in the night had he
woke me up at 11 I would have befallen
straight back to sleep half three no
that was hard
so no plans this weekend which is my
faith it's a really lovely morning which
I didn't think it would be we've had so
much rain there's actually a woodpecker
down there I don't if you can see him
I always thought woodpeckers pecked out
of trees did anybody just hear Nala fart
then oh my god Nala turns out all they
pick out of the ground I mean he does
still peck in trees but obviously gets
more food at the ground than he does in
a tree so that's our resident woodpecker
sunny very happy about that
some point yesterday I said to Alfie
let's do pancakes tomorrow and then I
woke up just now I was like why I'm
gonna go down I'm gonna make some
porridge whose pancakes and also oh yes
I did say we were gonna have pancakes so
I'm gonna get my pancake recipe out oh
my book cordially invited it is probably
the stickiest page American pancakes
delish
[Music]
okay pancakes are done and we've got
Nutella because I thought you'd probably
prefer Nutella I literally saw this and
I was like and then I've done sliced
banana and I've done chocalate too great
on the top what you're going to go for
of course you have
oh and I've melted bisque off in the
microwave to pour on top
yeah that would be like way for a year
for my chocolate you did to her once
oh nice say I don't know why I did so
much banana look how much I've done as
only one each that's all good that was
my rationale then
no better that's just a little better
one
literally my element why don't we have a
cafe where I serve pancakes people well
I'm not doing that
I'm not doing this cupcakes and pancakes
yeah all the different cakes cupcakes
how if he's making his now mine's all
done put some grated chocolate on the
top and a little drizzle of his drizzle
Drizzy dress of oh my god I forgot what
it's called biscuits bread what are you
going for lots of banana Nutella now
what I don't have on this cloth I feel
like it's so overpowering
maybe just do a bit of grated chocolate
then yeah we're just getting on the
great kid yeah
look at that
delish looks kind of dry though without
a but then banana is slimy slimy banana
me down the aim is to cover the pancake
so you can't see it oh my god it's
actually a different day now but as I
was editing this video I was like oh I
really want to put this in because as
you're watching this it's available so I
was like perfect timing to sit down chat
about something I've been working on for
about a year so around a year ago I was
contacted by a gorgeous woman called
Gigi who is the founder along with her
sister of a led neon company called
bagging bones they specialize in amazing
lady neon art pieces the LED is
eco-friendly as its LED and not glass
neon it's so much better for the
environment for your energy bill and
does not get hot or it's not as much of
a hazard basically so it's an
independent company I love what they do
their designs are amazing and one of the
reasons why after she contacted me and
was like I'd love to do something
together I was like yes yes yes it's
because for those of you that have been
watching my blogs for a while you may
have seen the neon light that me and
Alfie have in the dining room that neon
light is a custom-made neon it actually
made with glass it was very expensive
and it is one of those things that I'm
like now it's on the wall I never want
to go anywhere near it because I know
how fragile they are and as much as I
love love love it it's not the sort of
thing I can like share with you guys
you're investing in something that
you're going to put somewhere to be a
statement and something that I mean it's
not something you're gonna take down
when it's something quite big and the
one in our dining room says positive
vibes only and so many of you asked me
about it
that I was like I think it would be so
cool to work with Gigi in coming up with
something that I'm able to give you guys
the opportunity to buy and purchase and
put in your home or in that space that
you've got that you're like I really
need some art or something to like jazz
up this space and I don't know what I
want to put there especially as so many
of you are so into like home decor home
interiors and a lot of the different
things that I've done in our home and as
you're moving into your homes or doing
renovations or kind of improving your
home it's just one of those really cool
things I was like I would love to help
design a neon we started going about it
thinking of quotes I personally wanted
to do something that was quite big so
big scale because that's the sort of
thing me myself as a twenty nine thirty
year old living in my home and being a
lover of neon I would want something to
be like quite a staple piece and I know
that a lot of you are interested in
something like that too but then I also
wanted to have something that was a
little bit more of an accessible price
that was a bit smaller something you
could put on a shelf or you know sit
somewhere like a dressing table you can
move around you could mount it to a wall
if you wanted but you had that option of
it being small enough that you can kind
of move it around so there was two
different options a larger more
expensive option for those of you that
have a big space you want to fill with
something that you're going to look at
every day and just love and something a
bit smaller a bit more of an accessible
price that is gonna add something to a
space and make you smile so we came up
with the boobies I will show you the
neons a little bit more up close after
I've done this little spiel but we
wanted to do boobies because and
actually this was so fun to design the
original boobies were like porn star
boobie
and we were like I just don't know if
the majority of the world's boobies look
like this so we've made them a much more
natural boobie shape which I love it
comes with stickers for little nipples
so you can choose whether to have hearts
or crosses or little stars on the nips
or if you don't have to put them on at
all if you don't want to and then for
the bigger piece which now you're not
going to be able to see but it's filling
this entire wall says wouldn't it be
nice I am obsessed the reason I went for
wouldn't it be nice is because and trust
me most quotes are already in neon well
we were looking at things like oh my god
I love this quote no it's already a neon
am I gonna love this quick one did it to
be a bit unique I wanted it to be
something I'd not seen before and I
wanted it to be something that would
bring happiness bring joy when I see it
when I look at it and I think yeah I
love that and a lot of you know that my
favorite song in the world a song that
pulls me out of an anxiety attack a song
that makes me smile whenever I hear it a
song I put on if I'm in the worst mood
and actually makes a difference to me
personally is the Beach Boys song
wouldn't it be nice it just makes you
think of all the things that would be
nice
I don't know I just I love it so I stuck
with that because my heart was like yep
that's the one and I think even if
you're not a lover of the Beach Boys or
you absolutely hate that song I mean I
don't know how you would how anyone
could it's still such a lovely quote I
love it and I wanted it to be in that
italic font I wanted it to be quite big
I wanted it to be a statement
oh I love that smell
Oh focal oh I'm so torn do I want orange
or do I want the warm white no the big
okay I like that the color this this bit
I think that's rather why yeah that
means you
I just might like it still looks like
something I just don't know if you'd see
that the only reason I'm going for the
white not the orange is because our
other one stands up so much charts are a
bit more subtle it's like we could eat
me the pain hi table tennis in their own
smack it and it still wouldn't break
that's genuinely a selling point because
when you were hanging this up as well
the fact that you're not going to
accidentally break it yeah that's it yes
actually that's more likely that you're
not going to break you and put it on the
wall you know I mean you could throw
something over to hit it yeah it's a lot
softer to the touch and colder cooler I
thought it would be like yeah it doesn't
get as hot as neon it's it's not as um
hot is it LED yeah mm-hmm and low energy
consumption then as well correct Dave as
we're developing these I was like I'd
really love to partner with charities on
these because it's for me this wasn't a
money-making project it was more just a
fun thing I've always wanted to do so
that wasn't a priority for me it also
really wasn't a priority for GG we just
wanted to create something really cool
together to be able to give you guys to
have in your home know that so we
decided to partner with charities on
both the neons and just donate a hundred
percent of all profits made from both
the boobies and the wouldn't it be nice
sign to two charities now the two
charities that I picked this one
I think won't come as a shock to you but
I chose to partner with coppaFeel
for the BB neon so this is going to sell
for $39.99 and 100% of any profit made
on this sign is going to go straight to
copperfield they're an amazing amazing
charity encouraging everyone to check
their boobs regularly giving people the
most incredible information and just
generally
a real positive breast cancer awareness
charity which is fabulous anyone who
buys these boobies is actually raising
money for coppaFeel which I just love
and then for the wouldn't it be nice
sign I decided to choose mind as the
charity that 100% of profits would go to
mind is a charity that I am the digital
ambassador of I think they're an amazing
charity supporting and helping anyone
with mental health issues they are a
huge huge source of information for so
many people also and just thought it
would be a really nice fun way of giving
back and raising money so the boobies
which are much smaller are $39.99 and
then for the bigger neon art piece of
the wouldn't it be nice is 395 so there
is quite a price difference but it
really depends on how you're buying it
where you're putting it those are the
two pieces that's what we've been
working on I'm so so excited and so
happy that we've been able to do this I
just it was so fun and working with Gigi
was amazing and I hope you guys love
them they are both available to buy
today so I will leave a link in the
description box so we're gonna do these
by pre-order obviously they are very
special they are made for you once you
have ordered them in fact another reason
why we're doing pre-order especially on
the larger neon is that you can select
what color you want our four colors I
chose four so you've got the classic
neon pink you've got a neon orange which
is in the office which I will show you
when I go in and you've got a warm white
which is the one we have in the bedroom
and then I also did a red which looks
very cool and it's one where you can see
the neon when the neons off as well as
when it's on so it really does become
kind of like a piece of art I guess and
also just to minimize waste we don't
want to over order and have loads lying
around we only want to be able to make
them for you and send them to you so if
you're planning on getting somebody one
of these for Christmas
please check the details on the website
for Christmas
delivery's I don't want any of you to
like stumble upon this video in like the
middle of November and be like oh I'm
gonna order one for someone for
Christmas if that's you please check the
website because obviously if they're
being made to order and pre-order then
we you can't guarantee something we'll
be there for in time for Christmas if
you're watching this quite late after
I've posted it so yeah check the website
there's also going to be a giveaway over
on the zoella Instagram account for any
of you that might just want to grab one
of these enter the earn to the giveaway
and win one you can also go and do that
and I think that's everything I'm trying
to make sure I've sort of ticked off all
the very important vital things but let
me just show you the neons up close a
bit more so here we have the bee bees
this is in the classic pink neon which
you can also get this one in if you'd
prefer that I just thought the warm
white would be really lovely in our
bedroom look how cool I also really love
that the reflection in the mirror
projects onto this thing as well and if
you do buy one or both I don't know just
depends on neon crazy you are then the
money is going to two incredible
charities so I forgot to actually put an
ending on this that you've just watched
on the end of another vlog that I'd
filmed before and edit it so now we're
coming on here to formally say thank you
for watching this vlog and we'll see you
on Sunday for another vlog I think
Sunday but yeah let me know if any of
you get any of the neons can't wait to
see how you start them in your homes
tag me on instagram obviously oh wait
