good morning everybody feels very weird
to be I'm like hanging out of a window
feels very weird to be vlogging today
because I haven't robbed so far this
year I've attempted too many a time and
I've gone back and looked at the footage
and hated it because I feel like I
haven't done it in so long I've
forgotten how to vlog like I said open
in the office okay I'm gonna go start my
vlog now guys I've forgotten how to flow
like that you haven't I just get this
thing and it might just be because I've
been doing this for so long
but whenever I do vlogmas and I'm doing
it solidly for a whole month
I put down my camera over Christmas it
gets to January I obviously start my
year I come back in the office we have
like a major like what are we going to
achieve this year things you want to
change goals you want to set and I kind
of put all the groundwork in here and
everything else I do and YouTube then
just kind of sits and waits and then the
longer idea that the harder is to pick
up my camera so I do apologize that it's
taken me a while to pick my camera back
up dust it off dust myself off and
remember how this works
you would think I've done this for a
long time you would come very naturally
to me but I can tell you I'm not one of
those vloggers that it comes very very
very naturally to unlike Alfie you can
like walk down the street on his own
with his camera out proud and loud and
Here I am vlogging I'm not one of those
people I'm still very like and I feel a
bit like that at the moment just because
I haven't done it in so long I feel like
camera shy I actually felt a little bit
anxious at the thought of starting this
vlog today listen the car on the way and
I was like I can't do it I don't
remember what to say it's been too long
they'll have left me they don't care
about me anymore
I have nothing interesting to give you
know all those lovely self-deprecating
thoughts that happen when you're a
creative person I got up this morning
I've got a very very exciting day today
me and Alfie have come into the office
he's had a few meetings like I said I
obviously been coming into the office I
haven't been
off the face of the earth through
January but we've been coming into the
office getting a lot of stuff done
hiring loose ends on things and starting
new and exciting things also yeah that's
kind of only we need to fill you in on
today I am actually working with a brand
but I have loved for many years if you
have been watching this channel all my
other channel will be following me
anywhere on social media for the last 10
years then you'll know how much I live
in love HomeSense
and the fact that I am working with them
is like that's a life goal checked for
me I'm so so excited
so me and Alfie are actually going to be
heading out to two home sets very
shortly but I will touch on that in a
little bit like I need any excuse to go
to home since you guys know it's pretty
much my second home at this point so
when I walked into the office this
morning look what I was greeted with how
cute is they basically it's like a Zoe
shrine I was like what is going on here
I was very confused and then I realized
that the team had done this 10 years
that is how long I've been doing this
guy's and then there's a little bit each
year of all the highlights and things
I've done 2014 was a very big year 315
2016 2017 2018 2019 with something
covered up Oh
to be continued how cool is that what a
lovely surprise
for any of you that don't know I started
my blog in February 2009 and was it 2009
of fab basically I started my blog and I
also started my youtube channel which
was called zoella to 803 nine-hour at
the time and that was a whole ten years
ago which I mean it doesn't feel that
long ago but when you look at it all
laid out like there a lot has happened
in the last 10 years 2014
oh he remembers this with Holly and fell
loose women teen awards band-aid did the
Vogue shoot company shoot
zoella Beauty launched girl online
launched got Nala bake-off life
highlight wax figure in Madame Tussauds
2016 Oh 2013 was a fun one interviewed
One Direction zoffie were confirmed by
Jim Chapman more so out of logging
Channel this is so cute
don't I have the cutest team and then
all these photos ah oh my god they were
terrible vody look how old this is
we've all been talking about like our
favorite memories slightly
self-conceited morning but I didn't do
it myself it was a nice surprise and
then they also wrote in this card which
is so lovely I won't read them out to
you because they're nice little personal
messages oh my question to you is who
has been here for the whole 10 years do
you think there's anyone I know
everyone's looking at me and you have
you been here the whole ten years guys
yeah crazy ten years the whole decade I
just said to these guys if I like I'm
retiring I feel like this is my
retirement party
bye II can't wait for the next 10 oh my
god and wonder what will happen in the
next 10 years because I couldn't have
predicted anything on that board yeah
[Music]
captial who wrote like five things we
thought was gonna happen in the next
year and then we just made it out
although did they happen was it no to
something oh we've just don't know just
on it okay yeah next 10 years
scary we just all had a team pizza lunch
Shh are we bad deeds you didn't have any
he'll the guys got me some crosstown
donut I've never tried these before but
I've always wanted to because they
looked so delish this one I am very
tempted by that is a banana cream this
is my least favorite photo ever this one
I don't know I just I hate my hair it
looks like a little dog chod on my head
I know and I've got big bags under my
eyes it wasn't a good day thanks Holly
we are now heading off to home scents
and we're gonna go to the churches to
HomeSense which is the one that I always
like to go to I do love the one in
Brighton but the church is so honest
it's a little bit bigger so I don't mind
doing like the extra bit of journey
because it's worth it it's the one that
me and Mark always always go to well so
he's coming with me but he's left his
phone in the office so he's just run
back up together so I quickly thought I
would talk a little bit more about home
scents and the fact that I am working
with them for this part of the video
which as I said in the office it's so
sniffing exciting because I genuinely
love home scents so so much Here I am
setting my car in the car park talking
about how much I love home scents so
normal if you are not familiar with
HomeSense home scents is the place where
I tend to go home hauling a lot if you
are a lover of your home then you will
love home scents HomeSense is basically
a home lover's dream I would go as far
as to say a third of my entire house is
from home sense I love it
home scents is part of the TK Maxx
family for any of you that don't know
and they stop so
many amazing unique brands that will be
like up to 60% less than the recommended
retail price which is why so many people
love going there to get themselves like
a really really good deal and one of the
reasons why I love it so much and the
reason that I'm always going especially
seasonally because they have such great
things in is because they actually get
several deliveries per week and in those
deliveries are thousands of items so
they are constantly getting new stock
which is why it's so exciting every time
you go because you just don't know what
amazing things you're going to come out
with I think one of the reasons alvey's
coming with me today is to kind of stop
me from going to crazy home scents have
kindly given me a gift card to spend for
the purpose of this video so that is
what we're going to be going to do it's
one of the main reasons I want to go
into home cents today is because for
Valentine's Day this year
Alfie's not actually here he has got a
job that he needs to do so he's going to
be someone else or here he comes
so one of the things I'm going in
HomeSense to do is to get things for a
Palantine I know a lot of people call it
galentine's but obviously mark is a guy
so he's not a gal so I call it Palantine
is that I want to do a pallantides
evening and why is that
let's get that car on I am cold where's
my boyfriend on Valentine's Day this
year I'm off on a trip I'll freeze away
sorry that would be really nice to get
some bits and pieces to do a pallantides
evening money away for two days it's not
so bad we can do it no you know I've
actually put my flights on land at 6
p.m. so we can have the evening together
ok great so me and Mark can do I could
have I could have flown at 2 o'clock or
I could have flown at 9 o'clock and now
I'm would have got me into like one am
sorry I just like Valentine's Day
together
I do believe that Valentine's isn't just
about like couples I think it's nice to
celebrate like friendship and other
types of relationships as well so I
thought it'd be really nice to get some
gifts some like pallantides gifts for
mark and I mean I can't really get you
any gifts without being really obvious I
could pick them now if I'm in the video
my head looks eight times bigger than
yours comes closer I mean it is but
what's also closer to me where yeah yeah
I'll freeze just having a little snack
we go in we literally could have bought
any person driven through a door it's
like a driver just one we just need one
yeah it's great I was toying with over
we wanted one of these or I get all get
a trolley
Supermarket that's so much better it's a
lot of greenery loving all of this look
they've got like a fiddle leaf tree is
it real that's handy don't need to water
it
we're not in here to get anything for
Easter but HomeSense do seasons very
well like look how amazing that is my
mom would love that
I mean we don't need to pound the cards
I love the HomeSense cards they're so
cute look at that one that is really
cool I think my office just put in like
my camera equipment in there or
something or like why is nice it's
really cool it looks very light
industrial I like that it's quite like
edges on it Julian yeah rather than just
like they have really nice planners I
love this section that's Nate they're
got the lamp section which is always
Mark's favorite section he loves a good
lamp I don't feel like getting him a
lamp for like Valentine's is probably
where I'm going with this so a big storm
I honestly think this is one of my
favorite sections the kishin's what have
you just reminded me though we don't
need any more this is my favorite
honestly you could have a blog
background for your channel would be
this just all cushions
it's cool just like Collins says also
picked up this really pretty pink fluffy
cushion I found this cute mug and now he
had a really good idea that I can put
pal I can change the V into a P and it
is a cute little mug and it says I will
love you till the oceans run dry till
the sea meets the sky to the fish learn
to fly through a giant meat pie r RP
nine pounds
399 what a bargain gin mug that's where
more that's a bit of you as well isn't
it can't be buying your Valentine's
gifts yeah there are so many mugs it's
like a wall of mok's I mean I've seen
people that have a lot I think we have
more than Tonya and Jimmy at this point
for Houston that's cool isn't that so
you've got another furniture section and
you've got the kitchen and cookware pets
which is always our favorite as you guys
know already
I pretty much dress Nala in a
head-to-toe home says yeah dog bones
they're from here yeah the ones in the
office are the ones at home are look at
his pant er that is a fair Oh
also we were literally just saying how
much do these chairs look like the ones
in our dining room look how good is that
so many lovely
he'll exactly like hiding behind the
wall so I've managed to find lots of
sweets like Valentine's themed sweets
there's literally so many all different
heart-shaped things I thought if you get
some cushions to kind of make it look
all nice and then I found these which
Alfie wasn't as keen on were you there's
not my kind of thing
I love sweet peas but anybody else at
that sweet peas knows that they die so
quickly so I just thought these were so
cute so I got two of those and they just
look very Valentine's II to me and then
a couple of candles may have also got a
call that like a little it's kind of
like a coffee table foot you could sit
on
[Music]
just brought everything in from the car
null is giving it the city of approval
what you think I love that we don't know
if I showed this in the vlog probably
just I'll be putting it in the car but
and then I bought some lovely pink rock
cushions to go with my Valentine's theme
and a fluffy one here look at that
fluffy cushion these two planters this
is my plan I've just popped it in there
bought this faux plant and then also
this little green velvet foot store
which is in a really cool hexagonal
shape and then I'm gonna take take this
through here and go through these bits
I bought these kind of unrelated to
Valentine's Day or a gift but I bought
these really pretty
painted Goldy flecked Easter eggs
decorations for my mom because she has
all those like pretty twigs that she
decorates so I know she would really
like those pallantides gifts for poppy I
bought this I am obsessed with this it's
like holographic it says girl power and
it's a 20-19 planner look how gorgeous
it is inside it's like a really lovely
lilac and baby pink and I just thought
that that would be a really nice gift so
I got her that and then for mark I
bought this one that just says I am very
busy in holographic then as I said when
we were in the shop I love sweet peas so
I bought these and I like things like
this especially if I'm gonna like
decorate a little Valentine's style
table or Palen tines
just really cute love them I'm gonna
leave them like that
two little candles oh how cute we've got
what's it called when you put thing in
something into would inscribed one for
poppy one for mark and one smells like
ocean and sea salt and the other one
smells like grapefruit I think that I
think that's a great fruit smile love
that I just thought they would be a nice
little gift never go wrong with candles
which is why I also walk myself one well
the Sun is this again just a very fresh
smile this is Mediterranean scented so
got myself accountable to and then I
also bought this for mark because he
loves a faux plant in his flat and I
thought that one was very mark faris and
then the last oh and then I did already
show this but a little Valentine's mug
watching had changed a Palantine Sookie
[Music]
I got each mark and poppy some sweets so
we've got read my lips and Valentine new
rock how cute am I what's going on with
me err then just a tongue like heart
sweet how cool is that pink jelly babies
which are strawberry smoothie flavor
raspberry yogurt covered pretzels they
sound delicious they just repinned come
pretty so I made some of those then
we've got look marshmallow hearts
honestly this is gonna look so cute and
then some like heart drum ease any
excuse
eat pink sweet pink sweets are always
the best sweets anyway some raspberry
and champagne truffles which were in the
sale for three pounds so exciting and
I'm most evil days because Marc loves
white chocolate and raspberry and
champagne so those are his perfect
truffles and yeah those are all the
little bits I picked up I just loved
HomeSense anyway but they always have
the best gifts for people there is
always something you can find that would
make the perfect gift whether that
seasonal like buying my mum these or
Valentine's themed or Christmas or
Halloween or just all year round they
always have the best things if you are
ever stuck for a gift it's just perfect
I genuinely do recommend everyone goes
to home since I tell my friends I tell
my family I actually get excited at
certain times of the year to go to that
shop and see what they have because it
is like a little like it's like walking
into a treasure trove you just don't
know what you're gonna find in this so
exciting and I just flip in love it so I
would definitely urge you if you've
never been to HomeSense
I mean I don't know how that would ever
happen but if you've never been check on
that website for your local home scents
and I encourage you to go along and see
what you can find because the quality is
amazing the pricing is amazing and the
experience is really nice I love that
everything has its place and everyone's
always so helpful and the store is
always so tidy and it just it looks it
always looks to me like so when I worked
in interior design I always had to help
dress the window and I always think that
HomeSense just looks like a perfectly
put together like window display in each
section and probably not explaining that
very well but I just think every section
they do just looks perfect whoever they
have doing their like displays is
amazing definitely recommend and I hope
that poppy and Mark like these little
bits and pieces and that our palantine
tonight will be a success with all these
sweets I should imagine so I'll probably
get asked like a
laughs is as well and find a good film
and then we can yeah just have a chilled
night
so thanks HomeSense thanks for being a
part of my pallantides evening mean
Alfie are gonna have dinner now and I've
got the fire on I'm gonna take my coat
off I don't think I've taken this off
all day it's quite thin it's probably
more of a spring coat and it was quite
chilly out today so I do need to like
wrap up but I think it's about time I
take the coat off Niall has been playing
with buzzy all day haven't you yes you
have no she's been really cute and
really sleepy
good morning it's now Thursday and
myself and Maddie are heading to pool
this morning because we have a very
exciting meeting with lush I don't know
how much I can talk about it so I'm
gonna check with Maddie first and that
will reflect how the rest of this book
we visited last July I want to say God
that feels ages ago but it also doesn't
and it got some like initial exciting
things rolling and now we are going back
today it's about two hour drive and
we're driving there and then driving
back again later tonight so it's a big
old day of driving but I don't mind
because I do love myself a long drive I
might also see if Maddie wants to do a
little Q&A in the car so I'm going to
ask if any of you guys have any
questions on Instagram and then if
Maddie's up for it as we're driving
there because me and my do always have
some of our best chats on our long road
trips and I just thought wouldn't it be
nice to include you in that and also see
if you have any questions for us so if
she's up for that I'll also do that and
now we need to hit the road
you're staying here though okay she
always follows me when she knows I'm
going somewhere cuz she's like don't
forget me but in this instance Nala I am
purposely forgetting you oh well he's
having like a party in the kitchen this
morning are you so having some trouble
with this tripod
it just will not stay on we don't know
how long this is going to stay up for
but it has been up for a good five
minutes so we could start with some
questions a lot of questions this sounds
quite nice because we've already talked
about it a little bit because of your
ten-year oh yeah what's your favorite
memory together I wrote like I mean I
wrote about epic road trips oh yes we've
done some like oh my god please let you
take over
really great trip that was that time the
boat I play songs yeah got attacked by
swarms as it was that errand okay yeah
yeah I don't really know why we were
there either
I hope he was there yeah I think all
that was in another road true yeah we
just come back from a meeting I think we
were very like we needed to stop and get
some air but that was a long road trip
I'm going to remember we were about to
enough petrol
I mean I'm forever running our petrol so
bad why I'm actually running a bit low
I'm gonna have to get some at some point
momentary where are you going we are
going and I am allowed to Keir Hardie
because I asked my D so we're going into
lush and in July we went to meet them
I'd never been to the actual vain and
lush factories before but they're
amazing and we met Jack was Jack's an
official title
like it's time essentially events
products yeah
chief inventor and he is the son of mr.
and mrs. luck not there actually that's
not their name so we're going there to
create a bath together for charity
that's what I'm allowed to say right
yeah yeah which is very exciting
yeah and you guys know how much I love
action of love - since date so yeah love
love since day one and it's very
exciting to be able to create something
with Jack and the lush team for a really
great color so that's what we're doing
and you've come up the concept yeah
Roy question which out the friends
characters would you date oh I know
normally it's who do you think you are
not who yeah Chandler yeah yeah I think
I would I think he's like I like quite
like a sense of humor but he can also be
sensible I'd like romantic he's like a
solid like they agree I think
I'd be between Ross and Chandler yes the
latest series I just found so funny
areas Gatti's funny generally I feel
like one of the things I did want to do
more this year was to kind of scale back
a bit didn't I I didn't want to be
working on so many projects I wanted to
not slow down but I wanted to be able to
really focus on a few things there's
also another thing that's coming out
later on in the year which is very
exciting
yeah I just wanted to really focus on
fewer things but put more of my like
energy into them yeah and also
everything we do takes so long on
simmering yes headaches like reddish in
this light it does and I've got like an
air very bright situation oh maybe we
should put this like a halo effect well
that's better
yeah hey get off what do you feel is
your best achievement so far that hasn't
been to do with your career my biggest
personal achievement is probably my eggs
like how far I've come with my anxiety
for sure because even before I did any
of this
it was so bad and I feel like I've got
into a very good place where I
understand a lot more I understand like
how to feel differently about situations
and how to handle it manager basically
what's yours I was just thinking
it's hard to think of one that business
hasn't affected yeah I'm just trying to
think personal only and I don't want
this to sound really because yours is
obviously so it's such an amazing
achievement but I do think I move my
breaker oh yeah you like whereas
Lancashire I went through just to give
you like a two-second summary pretty
horrendous breakup when I was 27 I'd
been with a guy for like Neron ten years
so it and we had a house together blah
blah blah from her like I think that was
one of my biggest person watching
have like I think ornery but that will
come out the other end of hill it's so
much
positive yeah and like that I'm a
stronger person as a result yeah that's
probably definitely I feel like bad
relationships bad breakups waste like
yeah yes regret it do you wish like you
could turn back time or whatever
I always say no because I just think I
wouldn't be oh my gosh even though it
was awful and yeah of course like I
think the one thing you do wish you
could get back his time because I did
what I thought you know I do feel like
there's a lot of time wasted but what I
wasted in time and lost in time I feel
like I gained in like life experience
like exactly which yeah it's so
important and it's so important to go
through those things to know what you
would and wouldn't want in the future oh
for sure and if you don't go through the
badge how are you gonna know what's good
because at the time I didn't realize how
bad it was and now you get everything I
know
especially for so long yeah for so long
we were those normal yeah and we were
also saying cuz we carried on
conversation when they come yeah saying
how the universe will only ever deal you
something that you can handle handle
yeah
that's kind of what you believe in yeah
I hope I wholeheartedly believe yeah and
I got to go through things and if you
just don't if any cuz you can't go
through life not having ups and downs
it's just impossible
no day is impossible everybody goes
through ups and downs but also if you're
never going through ups and downs you're
living on a very like more no like scale
how you also won't appreciate you
exactly that's what I mean like and also
if you've always had like that way boy
only ever had like good things when
something inevitably bad happens
oh my god that was really like the area
yeah whereas I feel like I'm a much
stronger person now
me too and yeah you definitely are as
well yeah three good things got like two
blondes or brunettes have more fun I
think they both I think both have equal
fun yeah I've been a brunette before as
well but I really just felt like yeah
well we go chase my yeah it just did it
it just didn't look right I can't
imagine where Sabrina you're naturally
brunette though so you're always going
to see you but
it just didn't work top tip do not
change your hair color after going
through a breakup that's what I did I
was like meeh meeh gonna change
everything like Carrie Bradshaw does in
Sex in the City and everyone thinks well
I personally think she doesn't look like
herself
yeah I wonder doesn't look bad on her
but it's not herself
yeah and I think the worst thing you can
do is just completely change who you are
that's oh yeah you still want to feel
like you you know certainly ha yeah
exactly and then change you back you've
got a good maybe doing favorite trip
snacks well we got strawberries
we've got mini eggs and I've also got
crunchy if I call crunchy rocks like the
little bunnies in which case how big is
your vagina how big is your land from
Henry Chafee thanks Henry Tracy can be
cheap
the words deep I really don't all I know
is what I think yeah something with
someone named Maddie
I've known Maddie since 2012
was that right or the 2013 you know I
think if we're being real specific now I
think it's January 30 but actually no
because it starts to clean and I
actually sort of new way to communicate
indicated prior to that no in a weird
way like in the work I was doing before
I was working with bloggers
spoke to Zoe then so are these questions
do you really need to know
okay the square root of 24
bull yeah same four point eight nine
maybe there is I'll be honest I think I
was 16 the last time I did any square
roots of anything it's not it's not what
well that was trick question
take back its four point eight though so
I wasn't far away same thing which is
like how do you kind of jump in friends
and working together
I like that question because I didn't
feel like it kind of crosses over
see what I'm having a crisis I go to
Mario's like Maddie but also is like
manager yeah sure it's true it's like
it's one of those things that I think
you go into and I don't think there was
ever a moment where it was like now now
with friends now it now we were talking
work it's always both yeah I agree
do you know I mean unless good balance
unless it's literally like a Saturday
afternoon and we're going for brunch in
which case in which case that's just
friend it's just like the rest of the
time it's it's always just both
yeah I would actually say like talking
if anyone's interested in top management
like
really really like the important part of
it is the relationship than ever before
you build with your plan
I'm super sexy if you don't get long how
can you really manage that person the
way they should be man initially and
there are work there are really hard
times and you've got to like like my
ghetto sound so something like there's
so much about so that's what you're
always fighting for and that's what
you're always trying to get the best for
and if you didn't care then it wouldn't
work you would be bad at your job really
really hard and it works both ways as
well and yeah I'd say that is like the
most important thing about this type of
relationship is that you've got
French was yeah and that's
and also there's so much trust like
deploy an P like like monies ain't good
times bad times like
these are a lot a lot day we always say
this don't we one day we're going to
like sit back and be like yeah I know
what I thought our kids are playing
staked ideas oh my god I've never beaten
a day I've never been in a day like what
did you do did you just tweet chat
online oh yeah and then we stuff like
like some point--and but has like
friends it's true you have good yeah you
didn't have that like no I've never met
this person before and here we are I've
never done updating yeah I've never done
the whole like or meeting a guy off
tinder look yeah
don't be done any of that so I'm
probably not the best person to ask to
be honest but I mean even like when
you're together though it's still nice
to have date nights and stuff oh yeah I
will have done so have you done anything
that like from a date night point of
view that you thought
this would be a really nice just first
day or any date I think something now
you can like get to know someone's like
personality and sense of humor like the
cinema I don't think is a good idea
oh no that's terrible because you just
get it next to each other eat your food
I mean the only thing that will tell you
is if either camera yes you go to cinema
you absolutely have to do drinks
afterwards or dinner before or
afterwards yeah it can't be the ability
think you do if that's what you video
it's like a team yeah it just doesn't
count I think like the crazy girl I was
gonna say crazy so my liaison my
favorite dates are more like activity
they are like over-the-top activities
jungle skydive Joel and I did crazy got
one of our first day bother you can be
playful like there's so many in London
actually it's probably everywhere where
it's kind of all I can like buy them a
drink yeah I know that Leigh so those
who I
that I thing and then I always think
make fun dates one way you've liked
research somewhere specific to go so
like in I'm sure this is against a we're
broke up obviously I live in London
there's loads of like pop up lots of
kind of like mini like little festivals
and stuff like that something like you
put a little bit into yeah I like that
like dole State had bought us tickets to
the London cocktail week which is
basically like this thing in
Spitalfields market were loaded two
different bars come and set up their
little corner
it's very like it's very shortage yeah
but you go around with coupons and I can
get different drinks and it all like
really crazy dreams and that was really
fun
like a Christmas market day healthy be
too many a Christmas market about what
was the last thing was probably not the
last thing because actually I feel like
we were last
Mr benét over one of the things that
gave me crabs of last when we got to
Berlin I had my backpack on and I was
like and I had my coke booth my backpack
I looked like a tiny little hunchback
I was here with an outfit called someone
made reference to in Harry Potter in the
I was crying so was I quite a few
questions I hope you enjoyed see you
and even after money talked about nearly
running our petrol the very same thing
almost just happened so bad we were too
busy chatting that I forgot that I had
maybe that's true with four miles left
there was a service station so thank
goodness right let's go inside and see
what the day has in store
[Laughter]
we're gonna go yeah with this thing
about the society like is it lust is
versus just straight up
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
[Laughter]
these women sexual this side and then
this side these are the synthetic I'm
not going to use any synthetics in this
with it Thanks
so some of those things we were talking
[Music]
everybody organizes their perfume organs
in their own way but it's traditionally
they would be high notes middle notes
base notes but we don't do like we do
alphabetically because it just works for
us also works for person has to put all
the thought or expressed or or actually
take night with the sulfur so sometimes
they put something like rose for example
in a big vessel put a solvent in
retrieve all of the solvent and there
are just left for the wax something
I think so nice yeah oh that's that that
sona is scientifically shown by working
work university to calm the mind
wow I've got a happy one with it in
today not funny see what should we use
that's that point lovely not 0.25 please
hey one more drop okay
that would be okay Wow no no that's
lovely
yes so relaxing isn't it yeah really
relaxing
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
should I do it yet
all right no I think that neighbors okay
it's just a losing point we just have
like this the red text
and just like just on top sprinkle a
little river living like a lady is you
want to mound a healthy moment on in
each one see
that's like a marshmallow
you got clouds yeah you can really see
though all the mistakes at this point
look over they're not clouds now that
looks cool yeah it does
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
or maybe it does need a bit more like
orange yeah we finished I don't know how
long I got because my battery's dying
but we were literally just saying how
incredible the entire team on both
Maddie and I are feeling very inspired
and we smell great it was so good I'm so
excited I know obviously the bath bomb
has a bit of a way to go that was just
the first prototype yeah but it's so fun
getting to do that with Jack and such a
great great team I know I could have
stayed there I he was like probably
thinking okay pick up my kids and we
like just came so slowly I was like I
just don't want to go over it's so
precise so I was just editing at this
vlog and I realized it ended really
abruptly because my battery died for
some reason that day everything was
trying to make me not film it so weird
my memory card would fill up
batteries will fill the thing wouldn't
stick to the window very peculiar anyway
just wanted to end the video and say
thank you very much for watching I hope
you enjoyed it
it was incredible spending the day down
at lush and creating a fragrance for the
bath bomb with mark himself which was so
cool and then working on the creative
with Jack which was so much fun we do
need to work a little bit more on that
and hopefully this will be a really
great product to support a really
amazing cause so yeah that was my week
and I'm gonna go now but thanks so much
for watching this vlog and I'll see you
again very soon
