good morning everybody it is flip what
day is it Thursday me and Alfie have
come into the office really freaking
early because apparently there's a man
that's gonna fly over the pier
okay Alfie we're down at the beach
please explain I know just as much as
you I'm just incredibly excited there's
a guy I shouldn't know same but I don't
know people there who was about to jet
pack over Brighton here
that's my goal no I'm frightened okay oh
yeah this pile of people okay but where
are our friend weeds everyone meet by
the donor is that Sean is shown coming I
think I just saw him
oh my god tell you what I need to start
my couch to 5k oh that is Shawn hello oh
he's over there
hey hey where is he guys I'm not really
too sure what's going on I don't know
why you'd want a jetpack over the pit
but I bet it's quite impressive coach
give you that another time agreed are
you on
oh my goodness flaming 100k there's two
of them there's no my boyfriend bye
are they doing
[Applause]
[Applause]
so Sean's just said it was to break a
Guinness World Record that makes sense
so it's like the fastest time to shoot
on a jetpack so was it just the first
guy the other two were like support I
think so that's what I feel but I'll let
you sound like a plane didn't it was
faster than I thought
[Music]
I'm now in the office and I'm starting
to defrost because my god I didn't
realize the man would have multiple goes
and I wore nothing on my legs under my
dress which was a big mistake just got
into the office and we've all just
watched the John Lewis and it was psych
you wasn't it
so yeah yeah yeah Maddie and Maurice who
else thinks us the best one Harry you
are so weird thank you Karen if anyone
else's favorite the dog on the
trampoline I think that's my least
favorite one
Dickie I'd you know what I think it was
it's because it was the first year that
wasn't like a tearjerker it was more
like I loved that I think that was so
good they nailed their back yeah because
last year was the Elton John one and
that wasn't everyone's faith was that I
know it felt more like an advert
like magic yeah we were saying yesterday
that they have that Queen one like a few
months before let the kids play oh no
that was the Christmas yeah so very
coolly this part of my vlog is sponsored
by LG which is a brand I use and love
and because we didn't need a TV at home
I was like I do know one place where we
could really do with a serious upgrade
and I was here in the office so they
very kindly sent their new huge TV
speaking all your now we're gonna try
and like get out of this room oh it's
not too heavy she's just looked at me
like I'm joking this isn't gonna be hard
I can read your face oh well yeah you do
oh okay here let that puts me to shame
doesn't it we do already have a lg tv in
here actually but it's an older model
and yeah it's gonna look so cool up
there isn't it so this is the older one
and we are going to be replacing a
bigger one especially when both of me
remember
yeah when when we've got them both open
if you're sitting down this end I can't
really see
so it's chilly in here oh I'm so excited
it's the new LG OLED TV thin Q OLED
display dolby vision and a I sound forty
watt there's something about getting a
new TV that really excites me don't
think though it would be nice I'm
putting this up on the wall because it's
a little bit bit - a much bigger screen
but also it's such good snap
and amazing fulfillment we're doing like
a little Christmas film evening we're
gonna get pizza have multiplyin and
we're gonna watch the holiday together
and get all cozy and with deities
decorate for Christmas anyway so it's a
really nice excuse to get the Christmas
lights in here and have a festive
evening we're watching the holiday which
carries never seen I know I know I
really hope she does I hope it's not
what I think though we will really hyped
it so while we wait for a professional
to arrive to put the TV on kids let's be
honest if me and Holly you're in charge
of doing that there would be two broken
TVs actually that's a lie you'd be able
to do it like hey I could do that look
at you you don't even need me oh so yeah
as I'm saying we're clearing the room so
we can like
[Music]
so much room for titty Oh purple first
we're not from no this is all great so
the only thing could be actually
potentially them can barrel yeah
[Music]
so Harry's been putting up some light
I've been setting up the TV so the guys
came in let me turn it down a smidge so
we had the guys come and put the TV up
on the wall and oh my god it's so much
better than the TV's we have at home I'm
like dang it
maybe I should have put this up at home
but I knew that the office needed an
upgrade on there so that's fine we're
actually going to put the other one in
the down this end somewhere so that
we're able to have screens in both
meeting rooms which would be great as I
showed you earlier this is the LG OLED
55em9700
I don't know how you would describe it
it has like a Rolly bit hair and then
like a cursor so that comes up on the TV
which I also love and has made it very
easy to set up it has perfect black and
super rich color it also is 4k HDR and
it has Dolby Atmos surround system so it
gives you like the ultimate cinema home
experience or home cinema experience so
they currently have a November offer
where you can get the TV for the lowest
price and you get 40% off the original
RRP I will leave a link in the
description box go on over and check it
out if you are in need of an upgrade or
you want to get something new in time
for Christmas because it is a really
really good deal or the price will also
go back up after Black Friday so it's
definitely worth checking out in time
for that and now we're going to finish
decorating in here and sit and watch the
holiday I'm gonna have to start it from
the beginning I got to eager I wanted to
make sure I got it all up there ready
honestly this is just one of the best
Christmassy films
right I brought myself some Christmas
PJs from home because I wanted to get in
the spirit and be comfy look at this
it's all done look amazing I'm so
excited to sit here eat mince pies
chocolate popcorn drink and look what
else have ordered don't add an Pizza
face I'm like in my element it's
currently 726 my eyes have only just
opened I wash my face but I'm heading
out to get my brows done it's Saturday
morning I love you Claire perfect brows
at Seven Dials it's coming in and ached
for me a puppy which is so nice /
because my worlds are in desperate need
of sorting my god it is cold today
Oh feeling a very wintry
which way should I reverse that's my yes
it's feeling very wintry Connie fill me
ants hey wait brows are done twice out
and poppy have come to marmalade
favorite breakfast spot ever and we
called Alfie on the way here who was
asleep naturally and we were like do you
want to come to breakfast mate we made
him he wanted to be was weighing staying
in bed sleeping or coming out I decided
to order a hot chocolate day I've never
had a hot chocolate
oh my god my favorite toasted verdi
branch with spice very German
home now
I can't better take this hat off because
it's just chilly
it's one of them days oh here's Alf
Alfie went and met his dad for a coffee
after coming to meet us for a coffee and
breakfast or so I've got Fred Claus on
Sky I've got their Christmas channel
back and I'm very happy about it and now
we're heading out I need to take me
slippers off and put me trainers on
because me and our fear sitting out to
test go to grab some royal icing because
Poppy's having like her friends over
tonight I think they're just like
chilling and one of her friends said I
really want to ice some cookies and
poppy was like oh I don't know how to do
that and I was like I'll help you so
probably is coming back over here and
I'm going to try and help her with some
of Steph's tips if you saw my vlog where
we iced cookies with baked by staff I've
asked her how to kind of nail like the
perfect royal icing so I'm going to try
and help poppy we're going to make the
biscuits I'm gonna send her off with
like loaded bags of loc I'm gonna send
poppy off this evening with like bags of
icing so that her and her friends can
have a little cookie icing sesh but it
does mean that it's gone by royal icing
which I only realized the other day when
I was buying like just normal powdered
icing sugar then you can buy royal icing
in a box and they sell it next to the
other type of icing sugar I just always
thought there was one type of icing
turns out there's not you can however
make royal icing if you use normal icing
sugar with egg whites but I think if you
buy the royal icing boxes and all you
have to do is add water and because one
of puppy's friends is pregnant I don't
know if she can have a raw egg white so
it's better to get the box just to be on
the safe side so I've put everything out
I've got all the cookie cutters all of
the like icing I also found these little
pens little black pens butter all the
ingredients and just like a ton of icing
piping bags see that's what we're doing
now and we need to I know I put that on
her no I have not shown my vlog this
little area that we curated all I match
in like your trousers on my top oh yeah
I'm wearing some gym shirt plugins yeah
this little area we curated so we moved
that plan which was in the corner where
Christmas tree now is this I think was
from some flat this is the piano that
was obviously down here we've now put
the table there I mean I'll show you
later but I really like it we've made
more of an area of it like it just looks
so nice I think the main difference is
because this isn't empty here like if
there's nothing here we just put stuff
yeah but now we've dumped them they're
[Laughter]
puppies coming up one yeah yeah yeah I
just don't think I could be bothered to
do makeup today I guess it's gonna be
one of those days where I just do not
bother my friends came last weekend for
our I think I mentioned this in another
vlog for our light and your Christmas
get-together where we all give each
other a Secret Santa stocking like what
oh your tail come here okay Bubba there
you go that's better
yes and my friends came last weekend
which is why it was way earlier than
normal but none of us could find the
time for all of us to be available so we
did it last weekend and I just I did a
little Christmas decorating just to get
people in the spirit we couldn't all sit
around giving each other our Christmas
presents and not have some like festive
nice going on I will a hundred percent
ramp this up at some point but I think
it's quite nice for now a little bit of
subtlety and I also started on the
Christmas tree in the conservatory but I
didn't finish it
in fact the box of decorations is
literally still in front of it but
that's why we moved the table was there
with the plant behind put that there
move the table there which I actually
really like because this light comes
over it's by the fire but how I quite
like it there box decorations and then
everything else is kind of as is it
makes it feel bigger having the table
touch there that's where the piano was
the new sort of layout it's not messy
but decided to try AK what's it called a
crow yoga so we're just gonna see what
happen just gonna try it out you know oh
happy on quite scared we need like a if
you feel like I'm gonna fall what you
didn't do you across the room but the
backwards ones really freaking out
because the minute I lean you don't have
enough strength mmm you don't know yeah
why you know sent me swatting
break my spine here goodie yeah but what
do i do my arms and then now I'm gonna
move my hands see keep slightly brief
slowly why not I want your feet on to
the bottoms
you ready yeah no gonna sit up slightly
me yeah and then I'm gonna put my foot
no no they can x-ray x-ray you know take
one foot away oh this is so painful but
scary oh stop Gloria will you need to
okay okay okay come down
oh you like oh and then I put one foot
under your bum and then select watch you
were a freak in your heart
so she's leaning up slightly not only
because he's already supporting her oh I
know he's not straight leg yeah so now I
need to go to the bottom of your feet
and then I don't know how I can take one
of my feet away because she's got like a
solid core what's just straight straight
arms
oh my god but now no leaning forward
leave with your legs down a bit
no no yeah yeah and I will get running
standing on me oh my god lady in dived
you need to be just jump do it and that
book would pick those up straight down
straight down nice and lean on them down
you know what it is because I can't lean
on your your longer than your heart but
if you look your arms that watch her
arms okay get a press stop okay so
imagine that yeah yes but I can't do
press ups but you could have your arms
straight down on me
so look come here nope got me showed you
a few more here no not that not enough
yeah now lean on me now that your legs
up that's where the weight is here do
you see what I mean yeah whereas now all
the weight is on your hips back yeah
okay your feet are in a much better
position here this is not so now we're
gonna try and take that right leg out
and around slightly yeah and then yep
and then the other one I think we need
to go to a car so don't think this is
for us like what we can do the first bit
I mean we go on that really hard I think
I've just like nice my spleen
I hope he's having a go now yeah getting
involved we've already got two Lots out
of the oven so they're just cooling down
and then we've got two more in the oven
and another tray no oh my god me that's
so annoying no no wait and go on I don't
know if it'll fit on Karen that should
be okay perfect okay we've reached the
point where we're going to start trying
to do royal icing so I asked death as
she said put water on first then add
your royal icing gradually and then
obviously we're going to be putting
different icing into different bowls but
then you also need to split that once
you've got your outline consistency add
more to make your flood consistency so
this might take us a while there's lots
of layers but I think we'll get it
and we're done look at those colors so
these are the outline and these are the
flood so what do you do with these ones
pop the flooding ones yeah to fill in
and then these runs are to outline and
do like pattern I suppose I don't know
why we thought we were gonna have so
much more of this which is why I use
these massive piping bags but I do worry
that it's gonna come at the top of these
ones so however you get on let me know
then you've got your cocktail sticks too
if you're filling in just to make it go
to the edges and then I've put and then
I've given pop these as well some
glitter sprays and then where are the
little pens here we go and then the pens
to draw you'll have to send me updates I
really want to see like who's the best
icing the cookies who do you think it
will be do you think a little bit later
now myself and Alfie arias show might
not actually be it could be anybody
we are heading into town to see our
friend Sam performing on his first tour
how exciting yeah he's already done
quite a few different places and venues
and tonight's his Brighton one so of
course we want to go along and support
him so we're heading in I think we're
gonna go to
Zac and lottie's and Steve's me if then
we're gonna get some food first and then
head over but my gosh I'm tired
Alfie's already had a little sofa nap so
he's fine fantastic now yeah the fire
was on I'm a laptop playing a youtube
video and I say John the TV poor Richard
right because I was watching ice ages
are oh my gosh that's such a cosy film
and then I saw watching YouTube videos
like I don't want to miss Ice Age I'm
going to pause Ice Age lost and then
yeah but pop he's got all her ice saying
she's text me some pictures she's like
laid out like cheese and like snacks for
everybody and then laid all the biscuits
out with the icing and we were saying
that we're definitely gonna like do it
again and make a night of it invite
people round and we'll do like mulled
wine and decorate biscuits I think it'd
be really fun I think quite therapeutic
like you found the shoes because when we
did it in the office with death
it was so therapeutic I think you'd like
it
Ruthie yeah you just get eat it
afterwards
exactly I spend ages working on and then
especially well that's the point this is
to be honest [ __ ] oh I think it's good
quite a weird way which way are you
gonna do oh okay the way you're gonna go
yeah
they make it
[Music]
[Music]
Lucas oh you gotta sing bad you know you
can't say you're old who live while you
[Music]
lay up some turn to this book that's not
original my not invisible
just Iraqi wrong
[Music]
[Music]
