right we're in push me you just wanna
make know Alfie
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah morning coffee you ever know
[Music]
good morning everybody may now fear
currently in Harwood Range Rover I'm
just getting something checked on our
car
so that is why alphas having a coffee
from here I imagine oh maybe we could
set a trap it's a little flat track WG
else if we got hair mmm do you think
we'll have time to get our tree uh-huh
okay hmm I think that being optimistic
and others being real about time
planning to go and get the tree this
morning but our he's been doing work
stuff looks like the led into the day
yeah but you still just did other things
yes very true and then later on in the
office we're doing some reef making with
guns the florist which is gonna meet so
much fun
oh that's why you didn't land it yes
crazy oh yeah we were just saying about
copyright anytime
you sing a song just sing it just say
the lyrics you get copyrighted gone over
days of us listening to Christmas songs
in like half a vlog yeah people
wondering why we never from concerts
anymore what we never singin along why
everything is just quiet in the
background I haven't earned from one of
my vlogmas videos yet anyway so so now
if it feels like you're doing a cover of
a song which let's be honest that is not
what YouTube will copyright because
their lyrics are copyrighted so me and
Mark singing last Christmas copyrighted
and then what what are we singing
yesterday oh the one yesterday the
Carol's Carol's done we are finally out
of Range Rover car is all ship-shape
perfect and now we're heading to
wilderness woods which is where we get
our Christmas tree from
I feel like I can speak properly now you
know and it's like really quiet and
you're so aware of like your
surroundings you don't want to speak too
loudly I get that's just me and like
public vlogging if it's quiet I'm like
hopefully we're gonna have enough time
to get our treat but it might be a quick
visit I can't be too fussy today I have
to find the one and we just have to get
it now enough to be foreseen pick a good
one yeah but we might not time to like
get hot chocolate fair enough but I am
really excited I really really wanted to
get our Christmas tree before we went to
New York because I just think coming
back from New York which is so so
Christmasy to a house without a tree
would just be so sad and they'll be
quite late into December as well yeah we
get yeah we're getting back like late
into December and I can't leave gang the
Christmas trees that long so this was
the only window of time we could go and
get it we won't be able to decorate it
today Alfie's going snowboarding at ten
and it's like an hour and a half way so
unless we have a surge of energy like we
did last night after our naps and you
get back with your light flashing on the
Christmas music and pulling me out bed
like a little Christmas elf to decorate
the tree then I don't know that it will
happen but if that's just happen then
I'll let you know but I'm really really
excited I just love the smell of like
Christmas trees and I feel like this
really get me in like the Christmas
spirit because I'm not really feeling as
faster
yet isn't that festive for you
especially I know I need to have a day
of like doing all I might do on Saturday
actually or maybe Friday when you're I
think we need to do some Christmas
shopping that will make us feel festive
like I haven't bought presents yet I
have I've got a list of presents on my
phone but I haven't got presents like
physical but the problem is is that you
do a lot of Christmas shopping now
online and that isn't as well then let's
go to London for the day yeah we could
do that yeah so figures yeah sounds good
see ya I like you know when we get to
Wilderness
yeah oh
[Music]
maybe not maybe just dumped in it Oh
next to this car just here perfect right
we're in we are going to select our tree
we're going for one between seven and
eight foot so I'm hoping one of these is
the winner I mean this one looks pretty
good already and this one there's not
actually that many left and it's only
the fifth of December which is kind of
worrying there's all that money here is
there I think I found the one already
you would say that you would say that
big this push me you just ran it to me
Oh way too big I don't think it is we've
got big feelings I'll be nice
no that's too big a fee that's too big
too big for what our living room
yeah don't forget it goes don't forget
it goes in a stand it's a nice tree but
that is way too big that would be good
for the conservatory but also it's a bit
it's a bit flat this side yeah we give
it a little spin a row it's good it's
too tall though a tree one can we can we
look at this oh this one or you know
this one you joking me no this one's
quite gassy actually yeah I'm ready
that's tiny oh it's not very big but no
why no I think it's chunky at the bottom
but the top of it is like there's empty
from here not much it I think it's the
big original guy that's too tall that is
way too much Jim recently
oh no Alfie I told you oh that's not
good that's not let me have a look okay
I think that's a good one on my camera
stopped recording it's very um it's very
gappy yeah good thank you do you like it
I told you I told you if you could see
how
[ __ ]
the bottoms not as good is it or do you
think it is
can I see transforming is good it is
good it best so different tree like
that's so different
yeah do you know I mean this one's more
of a Christmas tree shape but it is big
I don't think our ceilings are that tall
I'm very torn let's get this one
come on hold this one I'll put this one
back yeah perfect
how we doing very good very good that
Tommy year again this is the one is it
yeah come into the little cafe getting
some food sat by the fire it's so cute
in here I think in chili con carne I
think I'm just gonna go for her
children's been some taste really
although I was considering the cheese
ham and chutney or the tomato mozzarella
and basil the toasted sandwich look at
that Cheers
oh my god we're now walking down to the
bit where all the Christmas trees are
grown in a field very muddy healthy
probably regretting is shoe of choice
there yeah I knew I knew of the mud or
we be careful mister balance
[Laughter]
look how nice this looks
this is the perfect day to come remember
last year was really like gray yeah it's
so quiet by dead he just means like
empty people just right you set your
lingo is not always apparent it's very
quiet at the moment there's not very
many people around so this is where all
the trees grow and obviously people come
and pick a tree and then they come back
and cut it down should go for this one
yeah Oh a lot more than four years oh
there's some really good ones in here
but if you undo it you can see how to do
it right so if you accidentally sold a
Sophie having a conversation because oh
let me see he's still not solved that
puzzle that I solved
the triangle one and he's getting really
annoyed he's annoyed because I solved it
and he keeps saying here but you don't
know how you did it and I said I did I
did it three times so that's why I got
the camera to try and secretly record
him having his little discussion you've
got it yeah okay fingers crossed this
goes in
okay off he goes thank you
[Music]
oh my god I think I am you know I'm a
lucky gal only you could lift me over
your shoulder like that actually you
probably could hello hello
you get it just about yeah I think I'm
gonna be late for my grief making lesson
is that a nice angle when you say you
think I thought you were mrs. realistic
I know I'm gonna be late for my wreath
making that's it which makes me really
sad and now we're stuck in traffic I'm
annoyed on the way to brief make them we
wanna drop to your home
ambi can you change car and we were
really hoping we would have time to put
the tree like at least in the stand to
take off the condom but the tree condom
now if you're not wearing a condom yeah
also I was gonna say don't use condoms
like this guys probably won't be the
most effective at recon done we wanted
to get it out and actually put it up but
we're not gonna be able to do that so
why should we have to leave it in the
porch we'll have to do it on Saturday
I'll be patient usually I lose my mind
station
it's a good day donar definitely doing
it on purpose but whoa I know that it's
called faded I'll be faded right I
literally run out of the house I'm
running so late but if I haven't said
already this roof making class is kindly
being run by guns which is a local
florist to brighten their incredible
always buy our flowers from there and
yeah I'm really excited this one yeah
this was buried I this is IV which you
have and it grows everywhere in the
garden but when I was up something it
turns into Barry Garvey so it changes
its form make it as mixed as possible
the more Mixy Mixy is the more Colonel
Kenzie and it's do look okay so you
don't if you just use one
[Music]
the Reese is gonna hold up the wreath
for me and it's mine here's my finish
free with a little ribbon I love it back
home now it's a little bit later got the
fairy lights you are Papi's here and
we've just treated ourselves to the
dominos
the boys are out snowboarding somewhere
so we were like nah no thanks so we got
pizza instead I mean I know
yeah we're just sat watching TV probably
showing me her some of her favorite
clips from The Apprentice and we're also
watching a program called Buy It Now for
christmas which i think is like a hybrid
of like The Apprentice and Dragons Den
and the x-factor poppy has gone home and
alfie is still out snowboarding so I
have come up to bed I'm just getting
cozy and I think I'm gonna read a little
bit of my book the book for December's
book club if any of you want to get
involved which we do over on the zoella
website and on Instagram is it's not
this this is the last book we just read
let me get it still loving my Kindle by
the way twas the night shift before
Christmas by Adam Kay let me show you
what the front cover looks like well
it's in black and white but this one I
read his first one which I think was
called this is really going to her or
this is going to hurt and it was so good
it was one of those books I literally
just could not put down so I've really
high hopes this and it's quite a quick
read I think it looks quite small so I'm
going to start on that
and already won't be long until I
completely fall asleep because I was
literally falling asleep on the sofa
when poppy was down there so there we go
thanks for watching BAE
