good morning happy Tuesday I thought I
would start the day off doing my makeup
and have a little chat it is a beautiful
day today so sunny I am looking so
incredibly pale you can tell it's
February I cannot wait for a bit of Sun
by the way I'm using my favorite
concealer the collection lasting
perfection and I'm gonna use my trusty
NARS sheer glow in the shade Mont Blanc
just a little bit running out need to
get some more of that real techniques
brush yeah I'm having one of those
periods of time where I just hate my
skin my eyebrows my hair and I know it's
very normal to feel like this and I'm
sure you're watching this like oh yeah I
feel like that sometimes but you go
through days where you're like oh yeah
we really feel it myself and then you
can go through stages where you're like
I'm just not loving like I'm not I don't
like you'll get a foundation on your
face got knowledge sniffling around yes
so I'm just having one of those moments
where I just hate what I look like
which I know is fairly normal and but
how do you like how do you get out of
that like funk it's so hard
I'm getting my eyebrows threaded on
Wednesday and I'm getting my nails done
on Wednesday so I think that will make
me feel a little better because my
eyebrows are like caterpillars right now
I've been using the what's it called
revita brow because I have a couple of
gaps in my eyebrows I have half years
where hairs just won't grow let me see
if you can see in here and then there's
a gap here and so I've been using revita
brow in those gaps
and I I don't feel like the gaps are
filling in that much I think this gap is
filling in and that to be honest that
was the one I was the most nervous about
but I tell you what it's made them
darker and it's make them grow much
quicker everywhere else actually they
have filled in a little bit at the front
so if you're thinking of using it and
you want fuller brows in general or
you're really struggling I feel like the
brow has down here have grown so much
they get long really quickly and they
start going like curly which is like
when I know I need to go get my brows
done but yes that's what you're trying
to fill in give that a try I bought the
I bought the revised brow and I bought
the rapid brow but everyone was saying
that revita brow was like way better so
I went in with that and I'm not too sure
why I'm just not loving my skin much at
the moment I think I must have used
something on it that just didn't like my
skin and my skin isn't great for a
really long time I've been loving my
skin oh just to let you know I'm using a
little bit of the Armani concealer it's
called power fabric concealer I really
like them if you're interested to know
which of these items have been gifted to
me because as we all know there's new a
essay and CMA guidelines which let's be
honest is confusing the hell out of
everybody I will I'll list which ones
were PR gifts but I don't know boy
saying yeah I think something's reacted
to my skin I'm not too sure what but
just not loving my skin it just feels
very bumpy it's not necessary spotty but
it's bumpy which does make me think it's
like a reaction to something I'm using
the slate and a Chanel Chanel bronzer
I'm just like stippling it on I've
decided I'm gonna grow my hair out a
little bit it's currently at a length
but I hate is at like an in-between
length and this is usually where I'd get
it cut like shorter again because I feel
like I suit the
shorter hair and I feel like I suit it
slightly longer I don't feel like I suit
it at this length at all so I'm gonna
stay what's the word patient or as
patient as I can and I'm gonna try not
to get it cut I'm gonna try and leave it
see if I can get it a bit longer and
then I am gonna go back to blonde guys
I've loved being a brunette
again because my natural hair color is
pretty much this and I do think it looks
great I just I don't know it's like
something's missing I really liked the
very bright blonde and I just I miss it
a bit I hope you're loving all my hair
chat and skin chat and insecurities chat
this morning please tell me you have
times like this I've got a lot of
exciting things coming up this week
which are well of course take you along
with me for I have a launch event on
Thursday which will be in this vlog for
the exciting collaboration that I have
with a brand which I will probably share
with you later on today because I can in
this look I just don't feel like right
now I can give it the attention it
deserves because I am gonna be running
really late for the office okay i'm
using the anastasia dipbrow pomade even
now i just think i looks so dry I look
like a raisin I need a good old
moisturizing face mask I think I need to
drink a ton of water but anyway enough
about me how are you how are you feeling
this week tell me in the comments below
geez Nala I'm really excited for the
launch event on Thursday it's in London
it's actually where I shot the images
there's lots of people coming who I
don't really get to see that often or
have never met before but we talked a
lot online and I just feel like there
aren't many events like that anymore I
loved going to events ages ago where it
was like a chance to meet people that
you'd been speaking online with and to
be honest I I don't love events not even
for myself there have been many
occasions where an event has been
offered for something I've released and
I've declined because I find them very
like anxiety inducing and I just used to
find events so incredibly stressful that
I just stopped having them it was just
that I found them very hard and that was
even going to them too I just I always
found events really really difficult
with my anxiety and now I just feel like
I'm at a place where I don't really mind
too much like I don't I'm just not
overthinking them in the same way
anymore
really nice to not have that like
anxiety building knowing that I have an
event in the diary like that and yeah
tonight I'm excited I've been excited
for an event in a very long time I'm
very big on this eye shadow and I am
done not majorly loving my hair today
but it'll do I just need to put a bit of
like texturizing spray in it and then a
bit hairspray and then we'll be fine
I do need to leave though I need to
leave like 15 minutes ago
well texturizing spray I used is the igk
beach-club texturizing spray right up my
nose let's go oh and also the shirt I'm
wearing today which has a number of
Safari animals is from Zara I need to
tie this back up though because what the
hell is this and then I've just gotten
some Zara faux leather trousers
no idea what shoes I'm gonna wear
probably some boots I don't know what
Jackie I'm gonna wear either but we'll
grab and go at this point I think
perfume of choice today is going to be
okay I'm going to go this one this is
quite a nice spring one this is the dip
teak ombre floral and since it's a
lovely sunny day did it ever mark faris
there drowned myself impactive do you
got perfume up your nose
so really Oh shouldn't have been
standing so close
so I decided on this coat this is just
my beige like a sauce one but I really
love the length of this and then my and
other stories mustard boots the suede
mustard boots that is my OOTD office day
she doesn't know we're recording
Danielle I wonder celeb all she ever
find it
all right let's try and get a
semi-decent angle going on here you may
notice I am wearing a completely
different outfit and I am now back at
home well I went to the office had a
meeting had like two hours a very deep
intense chats just what I needed and
then I came back here with Maddy and
Sophie and we just filmed a little Q&A
for the collaboration and then they've
just left and I thought so I thought it
would be nice whilst have still got me
makeup on and a look send me alright but
I would chat you through the exciting
project that I have been working on
since the last year basically the thing
is that I've been working on and the
brand that I have been working on it
with is a makeup collaboration with
color pop now the reason this is just so
exciting for me is because I have used
and loved color pop for years now if you
watch these videos or you've seen any of
my favorites then you know how much I
adore the matte liquid lip I just think
they're a really fun innovative makeup
brand and they approached me and asked
if I would love to do a collection with
them which of course I was delighted to
do so this is it in its little PR
package but I will get things out and
share them with you I don't know where
to start so the first thing was coming
up with a theme and color pop have done
multiple different ranges with other
like makeup people or influences brands
they work with Disney a lot which is
amazing some affair like palettes are
incredible I have like so many of them
already and so I wanted something that
had
been done before but that kind of
reflected my personality a little bit
which is sometimes quite hard to do
especially when you're doing it with
like a color product so the theme I went
down originally was kind of around
Valentine's Day so we had hearts and it
was very Kitsch and retro and very pink
and red kind of like humor Lenny or
pinks and reds and I think originally it
started as that because we were aiming
to get it out for around Valentine's Day
but I didn't want it to be about like
love in the kind of with your partner
sense I wanted it more to be a
celebration of the other love like your
friends and the people that are there
for you that might not necessarily be
your other half so it was kind of gonna
be like a galentine's Palantine thing so
we kind of scrapped the like valentine's
palin teens but kept the kind of mate
date but like a mate brunch date I'm
probably really rambling but for any of
you that are interested in a bit more of
the back story I thought would be nice
to share it for any of you that just
wanna see the products feel free to skip
ed that was kind of the thinking behind
it and then with brunch comes things
like eggs and pancakes and waffles and I
just thought it would be such a fun
makeup range to base it and the names
and some the colors around that theme
the reason the seventies comes into it
is because for me the packaging the font
and the colors are very 70s and I am
like obsessed with 70 style 70s home
where I'm just a little bit 70s crazy so
that's sort of trickled into this a
little bit and that's why the 70s comes
into it too so there's kind of three
elements to it it's like going on a
brunch date with your girls or your pals
and the 70s but mostly just amazing
formulations and colors that I spent a
long time deciding on I didn't realize
how difficult it would
for me to put together my perfect pallet
until we started and I sat down with
every single eyeshadow I owned and I was
like right which ones of all of these
across all these different brands do I
use the most and that is essentially
every color in this palette is a color
that I would reach for the most ever so
if you've ever seen a makeup look that I
have done that you thought oh that's
nice there will almost definitely be a
color that represents that in this
palette to me this is the most perfect
palette I've ever owned because I have
been able to curate it so specifically
to all the colors that I love and also I
was obviously considering colors that
other people would love and I know that
not everyone is experimental I myself am
NOT a kind of experimental extremely
talented makeup artist so I wanted this
to kind of reflect just my love of
makeup and the colors that I like to use
and that I know a lot of people who
might not necessarily be as adventurous
that they would also love to use too I
thought I would show you this because
this has been in my makeup bag for at
least two months now and every single
eyeshadow look that I have worn in any
vlogs for the past about two months has
been from this palette so if you want to
go back through and look at any makeup
looks specifically eyes there is an I've
not used any other eyeshadows apart from
these for the last two months this was
the original palette that they sent
which had my chosen colors in and then
up here was me deciding the name so I
put them in this order in this palette
this isn't what it looks like just
doesn't FYI you can pick the eyeshadows
but then everything needs to go into
production so I have only just received
this like a week before launch which is
why I've not been able to share
with you any sooner because I wanted to
be able to have the products to share
them with you yeah that is my little
makeshift pallet I've been using and
loving just thought I'd show you that
first things first are the lip bundles
which are packaged in this adorable like
milkshake style boxes so I wanted to
have three and I wanted them all to be
the ultra matte effect because that for
me is like I mean it's my go-to is what
I wear every single day so to have all
three as ultra mattes was a very
important decision for me so let's start
with this one inside it's like little
eggs so cute this one is the red this is
in the shade self-love Club picking the
names was like my favorite bit but also
so hard to come up with something that
hadn't been used and that kind of
matched the vibe of the range and then
look how cute this is in like this
gorgeous baby pink it's not actually a
bit of a pink inside it's red to go with
the red and that's in the shade named
bossy so you've got bossy and self-love
Club next one is the little one now
those of you that know me or have been
watching my videos might know that
little one is alfea's nickname for me so
I thought it would be really cute to
have that as the nude this nude is gold
yes again I've been wearing this a lot
and then the lip pencil is also nude and
that's called little one as well this
one is the one I currently have on and
this is cooled at me and it's a really
beautiful pinky nude I feel like this
might be my favorite because it's such a
pretty subtle like pink hue like it's
still nude but I just really really love
that a lot and I actually thought the
nude nude who threw my favorite but I've
been reaching for this a lot more than I
thought I would
and then the liner to go with it is
called oh snap
oh now so those are the lip bundles we
have two cheek products look how cute
this is it looks like the little egg
yolks this one is the highlighter and
it's called swipe right and it is this
shade sorry I do not have to do this and
it has a really beautiful iridescent
pink undertone to it it's a powder next
is the blush again same packaging and
this is called soulmate and it's a
really beautiful kind of pinky
Coralie color next up it's eyeliners
because I thought if we're doing an
eyeshadow palette I'd love to have
something that gives it a bit more depth
and you can kind of finish off the eye
look but also the color pop gel cream
liners are some of my absolute favorite
eyeliners to use because they are so
creamy and they're so easy to put on
your eyes and they're so easy to blend
they're just perfect
so I was like please gonna do some
eyeliners because I flippin love your
eyeliners they're like yep this
packaging is cute it's mustard and it's
got little pink heart strawberries and
again with the little egg inside
packaging and then the actual cream
liner is orange with the gold foiling
and this is xoxo and this is a black but
it has a very subtle gold shimmer in it
which is very beautiful it's not like so
intense that you wouldn't kind of wear
it on your eye in the daytime this one
is called Sincerely Yours again same
packaging and this is a really lovely
deep brown I really wanted a dark brown
because with a lot of these kind of more
neutral shades having a brown liner
again this has got a little gold Fleck
in it
very pretty this which looks like a
little carton of orange juice I full up
and love it it's called group hug and it
is a supernova shadow bundle so these
are their like liquid eyeshadows two
shades they both look semi actually no
you can kind of tell the difference on
these I wanted colors that again were
kind of subtle but could be buildable
into something a little bit more like
nighttime and also I loved this like
more of a rose gold copper and then like
a champagne II rose gold so this one is
called Bellini and this is the more kind
of coppery rose gold this is more of
like a metallic sorry if you can hear
Nala snoring Sheen and then this one
which is called oh gee is a little bit
more of a nighttime one and this one has
a really beautiful like silvery glitter
there you go you can kind of see it in
there this one is slightly more coppery
this one it has a beautiful like silvery
shimmer in it both lovely both can be
worn underneath eyes shadow or just as
they are for the palate look at this
packaging it's so cute
picking the shade links for this was so
much fun I actually think I have some
footage of that which I will include
after this so this is the palette really
going in with that 70s vibe I wanted it
to have a mirror that was very important
to me because I much prefer to have an
eyeshadow palette with a mirror in it
and then these are the colors how much
do you love them this one is mimosa this
and that's a matte kind of very warm
toned Brown this one I've worn on my
eyelids just on its own blended out and
it looks really really nice this one is
cinnamon sugar which is a very beautiful
coppery shimmery shade this one is
skinny latte which is a shimmery
pinkey taupe shade then we've got french
toast which is a matte kind of burgundy
brown which I have in the crease today
pancakes please which is one of my
favorites I have worn this to death I
absolutely love it it's a very pretty
kind of I don't know the best way to
describe it is kind of like a topi
champagne but very easy to wear no
fringe but very easy to wear over the
entire lid then we have champagne toast
which is this very beautiful light pinky
champagne shade then maple syrup which
is a lot of people's favorite again I've
worn this a lot just over my I also wear
this in the crease a lot it's a really
lovely warm matte Brown this one which
is the one I have on now and that is
called Sunday Funday and it's a gorgeous
highly pigmented shimmery pink then
you've got the sunny side up which is a
really pretty light baby pink really
nice for like the inner corner of your
eyes so I wanted a very cool dark matte
brown so this is called americano and
this is amazing for the crease but also
for eyebrows that's kind of what I was
thinking here I was like if I forget my
eyebrow like color I know I'm safe with
americano brunch Club which if you have
seen my Instagram I've been wearing a
lot I flip in love and electric blue I
have so many amazing blue shades and I
wore it so much last summer I always
avoided it because I thought blue eyes
blue eye shadow bit nineties I'm loving
it I also really want to see how people
do like a more neutral look with like a
pop of this like maybe under the eye or
and then this one which is a gorgeous
brown with flecks of gold glitter this
is incredible over your entire eyelid if
you are going for a night out and you
want to look
sexy smoky that's your boy extra slice
and then all the names are on the back
I flip in love it I mean it would be
weird if I didn't because I've spent a
lot of time on making sure that these
products are perfect but I am just so
excited about them and I really hope
there's something there that you really
like the look of I think for me because
I've never ventured into color cosmetics
before it's it's been a really exciting
project to work on I'm sure you'll be
seeing more of it throughout this vlog
because I as I said I have the launch
event on Thursday and I will be wearing
this now for the foreseeable future
until I run out so the entire collection
will be launching on the colour-pop
website at 10 a.m.
la time which is 6 p.m. UK time I
believe on the 27th of February so yeah
next week I think right now I'm going to
insert any previous footage of us either
trying to come up with names going
through formulations and a little bit of
a sneak peek of the behind the scenes of
the photoshoot so enjoy oh I look like
home I look like a q-tip that's been
left in the wash bag
I think lion-o
yeah then there's no idea oh that's cute
Oh mimosa for an orange e1 like Bucks
Fizz I think that one could be champagne
Holly the top that top one yeah or like
champagne toast champagne toast
yeah yogurt
cinnamon waffles blueberry pancakes
waffles croissant brioche chocolate chip
syrup lion mimosa I feel like one should
be syrup maple syrup or something I
think the one no I think the one above
that should be maple syrup yeah that one
[Music]
the whole theme of the range is around
like right so it's like Holies like
[Laughter]
these are ideas yeah we do need to
deliver them today americano
let's go americano with in the dark one
yes Rose honey something honey
yes good name keep going honey button
will sit on um granola no yogurt honey
honey
oats
in case you didn't gather we are
currently coming up with names for the
colour-pop EXO ever so well that X color
pop eyeshadow palette so we're sending
over all our ideas they could hate all
of you it would work
olive shade shadow palette OB
I can't wait a bit of yeast extract
Holly on this one and there's another
one bit of early start on there I'm
taking sadly Holly did not get one in
very happy with these I will read them
to you because I think it will be
interesting to know if any of them
change so we've got blue one which we've
named blueberry and we've got brunch
club with a kiss brunch date pancakes
please champagne toast sunny-side up
best babe galentine's french toast
spread the love extra slice americano
Sunday Funday be mine cinnamon sugar
maple syrup amber mosa that does sum up
bro summer a galentine's brush you could
call it little one which is alphas
nickname for me or is that bit well
should I do that with for the noon yeah
and then
have like a real kitchen loved one know
it half the time it's buttface
oh but face a little one front face for
the red lip and then red I feel like it
needs to be like every like it needs to
be something that's like self love do
you not I mean like loving yourself not
being loved by somebody else feel like
it needs to be like girl power
what about self love love love yourself
love Club it is currently the 5th of
December and we are putting together my
eyeshadow palette so we've got
everything in front of us we've got
basically I sent loads of colors that I
loved and used a lot and they have come
back with these which match my
preferences which is exciting and now we
have to put together the twelve final
shades you've got three slightly
different variations okay see ya see ya
oh yes that was my chair not my bottom
[Music]
so it's slightly more copper hmmm orange
and this one
just stop like they're amazing
oh wait to get double button sorry I'm
getting ahead of the game yeah right so
this one is this is exciting oh my god
guys yeah it's beautiful yeah oh my yeah
that's good gorilla paradise which ones
do you think like immediately I have to
have it I'm gonna learn about it
you've got five left how many maps of
with it's one one under one remapped I
definitely want these I don't buy a
super like shimmery oh yeah three ready
to go I know I feel like this would be
quite a good everyday can I just put
this next to it cuz I don't want them to
be too similar
yeah if you were afraid
yeah those three I could bottom and top
one
which is your favorite he's taking a
good one I love me a taste out those one
of my favorite that's that one so I'm
happy about my and I just wanted to
track my final palette of these shades
what we think inlaid is we're all trying
the eye shadows Dan's with other blue
which looks yep we don't know yet we
need to assign a new name yeah no sir
cinnamon sugar then I think this early
one of the sparkly ones I think this one
[Music]
oh did you just have my stomach I need
to go and kick myself some dinner now I
haven't had any lunch and I feel a bit
wired because of the lack of sleep so I
think I'm gonna cook myself some dinner
run a bath or just chill I've got an
episode of called a midwife to watch an
episode of Baptiste because we all know
how freaking amazing the missing was and
now there's a new series this
jean-baptiste just being his Baptiste e
self and I want to watch that and I want
to watch famous and fighting crime there
are so many things I want to watch and a
little bit of team on UK so Alfie's
probably very happy that he is in London
tonight another night because I've got a
really fun night planned good morning
everybody
it is now Thursday and it is the day of
the law and we are back which is very
good shape yeah look men and women is
that do you stick your head in it
no it's a hand dryer big enough your
head gone then big difference too much
Hey eating
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah the toilets are so cute and look up
a little like pears so we show you my
outfit I've got a polo neck I've gone
Estee and Davey collaboration necklace
and this is a little suede play suit
from Zara which I put on top and then
some boots I've actually forgotten where
these are from
so it's not very useful
your outfit is very much to buy the
precepting yeah that's what I was sort
of going from when you when these guys
see inside except what's in it yeah yeah
I know it's like nuns it makes me want
to decorate my house like they're so
cool drinking my dancers going to the
cabinet little in a ball and then
we've got where's my phone I've left it
somewhere
[Music]
would you call it an entertainment
entertainment and they are called the
bumpy and you stand in front of them and
they just fade into your anything and
they're like disguise there are none of
it and they write about based on what
you look like but in a positive way much
like poppy doesn't actually want to do
it it's just the paper I got next thank
you next Sofia Meg's have had theirs
done photo had a pretty serious dent
orthodontic take clover situation and
big glasses and you haven't realized
they've been a swarm almost
you almost got very offended but don't
worry there is nothing Katie's having
heard
[Music]
[Music]
let me know which ones your face hey
guys my bum bass style where everything
is effortless yet meticulously detail at
the same time you notice every little
thing and you always have you don't get
crazy about it though you just have used
your talents to put together perfect
outfits and beautiful living rooms but
you don't throw at other people's lack
of aesthetic sense you are humble about
your perfectionism and you know how to
keep it in check making girls jealous
has always been a side effect of being
you to say that okay because having
amazing hair as you do I'm not even fair
the rest of us add the chiseled chin and
a baby face the equation I think you may
have missed your calling is boy band
leader not even considering you may not
able to carry a tune
we have me factory my friend okay
fetch me my friends everywhere nine
point a traitor oh you had to buy yeah I
got nine point oh yeah
we're officially a cool family just
taking a goodie bag for Diane it's now
Sunday and my Thursday launch vlog ended
with me reading Jo's thingy with him me
and Alfie are just in the car we're
having a very busy day of editing today
but Alfie needed to get some stuff to
help him finish editing but I just
thought it would be nice to end this
video nice to end this video but I just
remembered a really funny story which I
quite want to share like it is kind of
the right way but I just did not mean to
go where I have so the other night me
and Alfie were asleep must have been
what 2:00 a.m. yeah it's just that
normal middle of the night kind of vibe
middle of the night and Alfie leans over
in his sleep opens my bedside table I'm
fast asleep like he was fast asleep and
in my bedside table I've got like you
know there's four packs of whispers I
mean only reason that in there whispers
Oh chocolate whispers a chocolate bar
yeah and the only reason I have that in
though is because you had them on the
side of your bed because you were you
ate no one let me go yes you legend
thank you and I was just tidying up and
I just thought I'll put them in there
and then if I ever fancy a chocolate bar
when I'm doing like editing in bed or
something no what happened is that you
know if they were out I would eat them I
can't eat them but I never normally put
chocolate in my bedside table I have it
on my bedside table occasionally and
never have it in so Alfie leans over at
2:00 a.m.
opens no draw over me I'm asleep leans
over me opens my bedside draw I sort of
wake up
like what are you doing he pulls the
whisper out starts opening ASA Johnson
and because I'm half asleep I was like
y'all right I have half and then in
silence we both ate half a whisper and
fell back I don't remember any of it I
didn't until a Zoey said to me last
night did you eat chocolate or not like
oh my gosh I did but also my favorite
bit is just that you didn't even know
those whispers in there so I don't know
why you were opening my bedside drawer
in your sleep this is some conspiracy
theory going on like I I knew it was in
there but without knowing but why when
you were asleep when you like now's the
time I mean that was only chocolate why
did I possibly need each ball so I was
asleep and I was like yeah okay I'll
have half I was asleep I didn't want to
surprise you I did you both get it off
and get it off and then just fell asleep
I don't even really remember eating it
at all I don't we just wanted at home we
literally just ate an alpha like wasn't
any crying with laughter and I told him
that it's mornings I was like do you
know they were in there he was like no
but don't ever sleep walk or sleep
search you did unscrew a light bulb no I
did and that was it go so I think he
ones great that light bulb anyway guys
just thought I would add that funny
little story on the end but I really
hope you've enjoyed this video it's been
so much fun to edit there's no your
weirdest sleepwalk in talking XP oh yeah
please do in the comments but also let
me know what you think of these are let
x color pop palette it's coming out on
the 27th which is next so it's the 24th
today also it's in like three days I'll
put all the details in the description
box for postage costs and you know which
countries you get it in blah blah blah
but it is it will all be on the
colour-pop website so
yeah very exciting and thanks for coming
along on the journey with me and I will
see you again very very soon bye oh
right
you need more sleep and less whispering
in
