nothing cute like no one wants to watch
that gonna be so my eyes out look at my
eyes
[Music]
yes this is vlogmas i know that so many
of you been asking me if i'm doing
vlogmas this year I feel I can to sit
down let me take a seat this stool is
too small okay here we go is this broken
stool well soon find out
so yes i am doing blackness but my plan
was always to do a very kind of chilled
laid back no expectation type vlogmas
which is only on myself by the way i set
the expectation i set the boundary the
boundaries i set the bar way too high
every year I spend so long trying to
edit down like two hours of footage and
trying to give you guys like the best
version of vlogmas ever and this year
was always to be a little bit more it
doesn't matter if it's not 40 minutes it
doesn't matter if there was anything
particularly festive that day because
the more and more you put pressure on
yourself to do that the more and more it
doesn't feel like real life and you feel
like you're orchestrating something so
that's what I originally intended to do
a very laid-back version if there was
five minutes on one day there was five
minutes on one day I mean it would have
been hard for me to do that let's be
honest but I was gonna do it because I
can't do Rob mas how I've always done it
for the rest of my life there's always
gonna be a time where I want to change
up a little bit do something a bit
different not film as much it's it's
gonna change depending on the year and I
don't know how I'm feeling but I didn't
film anything yesterday and yesterday
was the first of December recently I've
just not been feeling great like mental
health wise and I really what's annoying
is that I didn't really want to say that
and I was like why don't I want to say
like I'm a mental health advocate I am a
digital ambassador of mind it's what I
preach I'm always telling people to talk
tell someone how you feel acknowledge it
it's
totally normal to feel like this most
people will feel like this at some point
there will be hundreds and thousands of
people feeling exactly the same as me
right now and I'm always saying that's
people I'm always reminding them that
like they're not crazy and you know it's
far more common than you think like one
in four people have mental health issues
and I'm constantly talking about it and
I'm constantly like encouraging
everybody to speak about how they feel
and I didn't want to do it I didn't want
to do that I didn't want to sit down and
be like my mentor hurts not great which
is stupid so I decided I would sit down
and talk to you about that because that
is real life and vlogmas isn't always
going to be twinkly lights and smiley
happy faces it might be sometimes and
for a lot of people Christmas is like
the best time of year a hundred percent
but this is my real life and I didn't
start vlogmas yesterday because I just
had a really awful day I needed that day
to just do nothing and cry a bit and I
was mostly just worrying about vlogmas
which is stupid and I feel like the
majority of you will probably be
something they're saying just don't give
it because I know how lovely you are
please don't do it we love it when you
do but it's not worth it for your mental
health but I enjoy doing this and if I
don't put that pressure on myself and I
just think if I want to film that day
I'm gonna film that day and if I've got
something flump flump flump planned
I've got something fun planned then I'm
gonna take my camera along but just
gonna hold my hands up and say I have no
idea what this rodimus is gonna be like
because I don't feel great and I mean
I'm not saying for the whole month I'm
gonna feel like this but right now I'm
just not really feeling a hundred
percent I didn't want to like start this
and not mention that because I want to
be real with you and
I am all about this like I'm always
encouraging people to speak about how
they feel and to be real I could have
covered this over I could have not
talked about it then you're all going to
be watching me decorating my Christmas
tree thinking look at her having the
most amazing December and that's not
real life I'm gonna film if I'm when and
that could be every single day if I wake
up and feel like it or it might be every
other day or it might be like a cluster
of days I have no idea but there's no
way that I'm not going to try and upload
some content for you guys because as
much as you enjoy watching these and
thank you so much I love that you love
love me so much I I think me filming
will actually make me feel better
I've got a lot of really fun things
planned this month and if I'm feeling
good that morning and I want to go and
do it I'm gonna want to film that and
sometimes filming makes me feel better
so that is what is going on and that is
probably not the start to vlogmas that
you are expecting but if anything I hope
me saying this has made some of you feel
a little better if you are also not
feeling like that because I was like I
can't not feel like this I'm like mrs.
Christmas everyone knows how much I love
Christmas I can't I can't start a
vlogmas
crying into the abyss like that's just
not that ain't cute like no one wants to
watch that but yeah I hope I hope you're
excited for vlogmas
i already feel better just saying it
because at the moment I've not said
anyway that i'm doing vlogmas because
i'm too scared to say i'm doing it
officially because this is the 2019
version of vlogmas which I'm not even
really sure what its gonna be but yeah I
hope you like the intro I also didn't
really want that to go to waste I'm not
gonna lie I did consider not doing at
all
a lot of people advised me not to do it
they were like look
you've done it like every year it's free
content if it's not there it doesn't
matter focus on you and I know a lot of
you'll be saying I know a lot of you
because you're so full in lovely and
considerate I know that that's what a
lot of you'll be saying but at the same
time I know how much real gross means to
a lot of people and I know for the
people that are having a crappy day
whatever I upload is what makes you feel
better so that's why I've come up with
this kind of compromise of I'm gonna do
as much as I can um but yeah love mr.
Lee 19 a little bit different so today
we do have a plan so even though
yesterday's path went firmly out the
window today's plan was like way too
exciting for me to even like consider
not getting the hell out of bed and
sorting myself out to go do the Natural
History music nauseam Natural History
Museum have opened that ice rink for us
and whoever wanted to invite to go on
and I skate on it which is fully thing
amazing and I'm really excited about
that I actually caught him the last time
went ice skating I think it was when we
went to Edinburgh like two years ago
maybe is that the last time really
excited about that and then went to
Wonderland have hooked us up very kindly
with like a cabin and karaoke I think
which I'm really excited about as well
so also you might be watching this being
like Oh boring like she's not in another
country that's what they've done for
like the last three years yeah we just
did I very nearly organized something
and then it just the time just
disappeared so maybe I'll save that for
next year
but we do have a trip and it's epic
we're going to New York
and that's bloody help us this week okay
so that's come around quickly so yeah I
feel like I need to give you a little
bit of a taster of what vlogmas is gonna
be like cause all I've done so far is
kind of on it
gonna be nice things we've got Christmas
in New York which I made can it get any
more festive than that wreath making I
have a surprise for somebody oh I can't
say who because I think they might watch
this but I have a really nice surprise
for somebody but I can't wait to like do
yeah I promise there's like great things
now I've done that I am getting over my
calendars because what calendar cause I
didn't open it yesterday first of
December I didn't open my chocky
calendar so we've got this one I not
being funny I just I love a classic I
like this noise and I like the chocolate
in there so and then that one's for Nala
let's say from one because Sam you
didn't mix much from day one guys it's
the Christmas countdown oh why don't we
get what is that
Oh a reindeer I think mmm I'll eat that
number two can you do a Christmas dance
um no what the hell is that I really
struggle with these I think it's the
Grinch he was delicious
sorry I'm eating now that's annoying
this is why I was using as my tripod
just now trees looks I would say the
best savory Christmas snack there is
what would you say is the best it's
savory Christmas snack let me know in
the comments happy vlogmas to you dogmas
ah oh why is your tail down is it
because I didn't give you your tree for
those of you that are interested because
I've got a few comments about it
my smear test that I did that I recorded
came back unconcluded like they didn't
get a reading from it which journey did
say in the video that might happen
because my cervix bled so I went back
the other day and did another one I'm
getting quite the pro at these didn't
film that one but it bled again so I
think I think I am having to change my
contraceptive pill because she thinks
it's that but for any of you what
wondering like what were your results um
I've done it again and I gotta wait till
January now so I'm trying to find
there's this program that Phillip
Schofield does that I really like and
it's called something to do with
Christmas is it on channel 4
Rylan is on every channel right now he's
killing it
yes Rylan itv it's gonna be an ITV if
it's Phillip there is series 3 episode 1
okay I'm gonna sit watch this now while
I wait for Alfie to get back he's
literally just text me this boyfriend
points right there I'm watching this
Phillip Schofield programme and I'm like
where do I know that Christmas jumper
look at it guys who had one of these
Larry press play
it's the gnarley' Christmas jumper the
Alfie released
that's funny
we're on the train these guys are we we
don't magic feel like serious I kind of
want to go inside the natural yeah
by their natural is joy yeah I love the
mat-su Museum you're gonna wait in my
field I know what you're like what you
do but with anyway I skate yeah to the
natura be so near
[Music]
areas
[Music]
[Music]
Oh hold up a little reggae I think you
can actually do one Mady and Joel look
at them they're like speeding rounds
[Music]
they're like speeding round
whoa steady on Dave
I believe over yes
[Music]
ice-skating is done we just got in a
taxi and come to winter wonderland
Alfie's just done the spiel about how
it's been like how many years did you
say seven I thought it was like four
your thinking separates I don't think
I've been here since like 2012 2013 but
we're now coming in however we got
dropped at the wrong part so we're
walking through the park at like minus
one
temperatures oh this is what its gonna
be like when we're in New York she
actually wore the whole time yeah
because I think it'll be colder or is it
not right now not sure we should check
it but the thing is going to New York
I'm prepared it's going to be cold you
not I mean yeah that's not gonna go out
without gloves on without asking well
evident you've currently got on yeah but
I need to get some heavy-duty gloves you
need to get some of my leggings I've got
on underneath a camel again this camel
guys poor brightness green guy okay so
when did he say this okay all right
poppy and Sarah are back there somewhere
have a little chinwag
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
look at a canvas oh that is terrifying
so it's shutting now what is going on
with my hair honestly I did come out
with curls and they've all gone it must
be the cold because of rainbows I really
want one of their just go and ask him I
[Laughter]
just said when marks had two pints he's
like he's my favorite version of mark
he's literally asking for one of those
oh well you never ask you never know
exactly yeah I was just saying to mark
that two pints mark is my favorite
because he's a bit cheeky bit Croydon I
know do you think anything is a cynic
it's Christmas
[Laughter]
five you don't cry my eyes out look at
my eyes
[Music]
let me start it back I completed this
one this one's a level three you have to
take it all apart we're back
it is late it's half past midnight and
my makeups all smudged and I can't take
this coat off because I'm sort of
warming it it was such a nice evening oh
my god
so nice of winter wonderland and the
Natural History Museum to give us those
spaces tonight from in there mr. Mack
I've already had some edamame I can come
pick up one of these
I love these me for the rest of December
right I'm gonna end this here thank you
for watching I hope you enjoyed it I'm
gonna go and get into bed
