love to disrobe accommodate here yeah
you know much he's gone like Oh looky
there
[Music]
okay so should we all get a colonic
irrigation
[Music]
good morning me enough we have got ready
trying to make a bit of a plan for the
day but first things first breakfast and
I bought this the other day from
Sainsbury's just because I was very
intrigued its mince pie flavoured
porridge but I've just checked
ingredients look at this this looks like
pretty smooth plane ish
porridge doesn't it I've got a weird
thing about raises oat flakes sugar
skimmed cow's milk powder raises so I'm
gonna try it probably like six raisins
in there raisins I'm not sure why I
don't like raisins but one like great I
love grapes raisins are just dried
grapes right
supposedly yeah if you love raisins you
might be a bit disappointed with this
porridge - raisins in this whole poll
that's great yeah it's great for me but
I mean why bother okay right so I need
to put a to fill bullion water up to the
line that I was thinking I'm gonna use
that in but for some reason when you
swap if you have to open your mouth that
was a bit too strenuous for my liking
it's not to get out time is yourself I
do love to taste test at Christmas food
for the website we taste-tested loads of
the festive sandwiches and let me tell
you that was one of my favorite things
we've ever done
do you know which came out top for me
too two subjects were times y which I
said this sounds horrific but I'm not
gonna doing this at all breanne great
that's why he needs buy things I tell
you all the time you might be with a
good restaurants and buy the same thing
every single time that's me
need switcher ask me yeah but you're
mister I'm going to order three things
all at once cuz I can't decide
yeah sorry what was your favorite my
other favorite was so as we were doing
on it or like going around to all the
shops and buying all the Christmas
allergies you walk past cafe Nero when
do you ever go and narrow like no
offense narrow I just yeah I know
Brighton hey as one very not working
they have a huge presence in [ __ ] so it
used to go there a lot and bar and
London let me tell you it's amazing what
era yeah I just never think to go that
it's also sandwiched between a coaster
and Starbucks so it's like if you're
gonna go for like one of the more high
street coffee chains I just feel like it
gets a bit left out and missed through
like let's go in there and they do this
vegetab note was a vegetarian was it
sausage vegetarian sausage they had a
vegan one and they had it was
caramelized onion and sausage and
something else
and it was just so good I'm not big on
the Christmas sandwiches why what's not
to like about Christmas sandwich I do
like stuffing shake for breakfast yeah
we haven't got any milk money there
seven of chicken soup oh no I'm just as
gutted as you are very odd no no but we
don't have another choice
well so what are you microwaving it not
in the container did you do that
I kept in here well I think this
porridge is thickened up now potentially
cooled down right I'm excited I'm gonna
try it I'm not the biggest fan of
porridge the only parts that I can
really eat is like Ready Brek or like
oats so simple but with like a whole
banana cinnamon golden syrup or massive
dollops of biscuit
basically I'll eat porridge if I can't
taste the porridge that's the only time
I'll eat dirt this is very stringy is it
good
oh my god
try this I'm just mind of Christmas
vibes of food you don't have to be into
the Christmas vibes tonight yeah uh-oh
my brother's show that why that is what
kind of smell like nothing should taste
like that oh you are right about that it
does taste like a Christmas candle yeah
I could literally eat three mouthfuls
and then it would be so intense I
wouldn't be able to like consume a meal
do you know I mean that the whole
portion that is a strong flavor do you
know I think yeah that I feel like you
already finished or you know I actually
quite like it it's just cinnamon your
taste day look did you eat a lot of that
liking you eat the whole thing
but that's what I mean but you need to
eat your whole mail whatever the flavor
is I would give this a 3 out 5 probably
I'll do it this way
you're right it's nice for like a couple
of mouthfuls and then it's a bit much
probably accommodate here yeah me and
how are doing our cute little couples
editing not speaking we just sat edited
we're also like planning and organizing
which makes me feel like such couple
girls because we never that was one part
of our relationship we're just we don't
really sit down and like plan things
together like this like I feel like
we're getting things done we've got New
York coming at the end of this week and
we still have a few things we need to
like organize we've just done one big
thing which is hit that off just small
things like we have no accommodation and
someone didn't apply I mean I feel like
what I don't think right now whoa that
lighting though that is very mini ask
that's cool I look like I'm doing like a
mini shoot right now as you know Alfie
or you might not know at all actually
Alfie's been working with mini a lot
this year and actually I worked with
them I did a sponsored post with them in
the summer time because I am a mini
lover through and through mini is my car
my dream
you got a mini for like seven years 2013
I bought my first mini but the new one
next year so you say 2017 oh yeah I'll
watch the 2017 feel like you're going
after a song I know you just said you
work yeah I worked with them previously
I'm not working with them right now but
I have worked with the previously
disclaimer this is not sponsored but
Alfie is doing work with mini which is
why he's going to New York it's like
last part of the campaign that he's
doing with them and I mean if after he's
going to New York
Christmas at Christmas I'm obviously
gonna tag along so that's I'm kind of
the tag along so lofty we're going with
Lottie and Zac who are our friends but
also obviously Lottie works with our fee
so she'll be taking a lot of his like
mini content because I mean if Alfie
left that just up to me I just don't
think it would be as good
I'm good at taking photos I enjoy taking
foods but it's definitely a hobby it's
not like like lot II can get the shot
and it looks really cool if me and now
if you have to take pictures for each
other that aren't just for fun
doesn't really end well not never I
don't know how people in couples work
when one has to take all the photos for
the other person like that is I salute
you because that's hard and I feel like
everyone who's watching this who is also
like some kind of blogger or like
influencer or has like a partner that
helps them in their business you know
exactly what I mean it's good to have
that person that can come in and take
the pictures instead of your partner but
also because we're all friends as well
we just thought it would be really fun
so we kind of like dragging Zach along
as well and we're gonna have some fun
times but if any of you have any
suggestions for what I think mainly
where to eat because I feel like if we
have a really really long list of
amazing places to eat we won't get stuck
because I know when you're all really
hungry in a bit jet-lagged and you're
like we don't know where's good and we
don't know where to go and we don't know
where we need to book or where might be
really busy or where you have to queue
so stuff like that is amazing so if you
could send me any Instagram DMS I'm
gonna do like a little maybe a little
questions box on Instagram as well at
some point just asking you for like food
recommendations maybe Christmassy sites
I really want to try and go to Dyker
Heights that looks incredible lights
Christmas lights yeah oh this is the
place just outside remember you say yeah
like look how cool that is
I follow quite a lot of amazing girls
who already live around Brooklyn and New
York and they have great suggestions but
if you have any where that you're like
you have to do this especially at this
time of year then let us know you can
let Alfie know do if you want he doesn't
mind
or let me know in the comments here and
on my Instagram see those
oh my god I just got like a nervous
you know when it like takes your breath
away we like oh my god don't know why
I'm nervous
well I mean it is scary for me but
that's probably why I'm a mess but yeah
we're just editing right video is all
done and scheduled and we are about to
head out we're gonna go to the lanes and
just like have a little mooch get some
Christmas presents and bits but I
thought would come and do my chocolate
calendar while I wait for Alf
so drew number three here is happy
written to Santa I mean we have to
remember these calendars are for
children right what are you you're just
a father Christmas good and true a
classic if you're wondering what
calendar I bought for healthy or which
one out he has I got him this this is a
an espresso calendar which I thought was
such a good idea every day you get a
different coffee to try and now if he
wakes up every morning and makes a
coffee so I just thought that was
perfect what did he have today Oh blimey
bit of a strong one yeah
how good is that for the coffee lovers
in your life a little Nespresso just
thought I'd do a little low TD Classic
so here we have the mirror for anyone
new here this is a twits quote by Roald
Dahl and it says let's all turn sideways
a person who has good thoughts cannot
ever be ugly you can have a wonky nose
and a crooked mouth and a double chin
and stick-up teeth but if you have good
thoughts they will shine I can't see out
of your face like some beams and you
will always look lovely on to the outfit
of the day hat is like five-year-old
Primark this um jumper that I've had on
all day is from and other stories and it
has like a zippy bit here this
is an urban outfitters plain white polo
neck the coat is just black and that is
under the stories this has seen me
through did I get it last year or the
year before I can't actually remember
but I got it a while back bag is and
other stories I like how short this is I
like having it like right here I also
quite like the thick strap jeans are
Topshop mum jeans little rip in their
boots are dr. Martens I've had these for
like when did I get these 2014 and they
still look new like warranted I probably
don't wear them as much as like I could
but I really need to like break these in
and like bash them about a bit because I
feel like that's sort of the point of
dr. Martens but yeah this is my little
outfit for this eve and you're gonna go
and see buzzy yes you are
your little Christmassy harness can't
really see there you go me and I'll fear
and now
in the lane those of you that don't live
in Brighton or like to see Brighton look
how fast it looks oh it's not focusing
there we go it's very quiet isn't it I
know
oh hello Alfie spying puzzles this is
one way you have to get the stick out of
the jar
that's like Houdini do you remember when
I first came to Brighton I always loved
that fudge shop really or they look
they're making function right now yeah I
used to love like the smell of it just
like walking past oh look at that oh my
god I actually love chocolate fudge so
much I decided to want to get some
picker mix for after-dinner carols and I
can hand them around and everyone can
also enjoy the picnic so I got it love
the smell oh just strolling past the
narrow just our friends yeah my new face
he looks oh how cute is this bike I've
got my think of X I actually think I
went about you know much you got like
look at that and I've got big hands
yeah but everyone's gonna really
appreciate them just use wait
yeah you just you wait you don't know
for anyone any yeah I will I made sure I
got enough of each so that if someone
took bananas I'd elaborate I thought
that was a chocolate mouse
we're just heading to Oaxaca now for
some dinner
the path is very narrow oh my God look
at that Christmas tree I love it
it's I always forget how cool it is in
here also how big it is
yeah right I'm checking out the menu to
see what I want
they've got Christmas menu I like this
under there also like the sound of the
cauliflower and this but my ultimate
classic phase if you're wondering the
black bean and three cheese quesadilla
which is what you got you drink every
time I come here that's what I go can I
try it it looks like me and you're just
being greedy with space
dealin
takes like a Jake - I I love me a J - oh
I need to get rid of my cheering go and
delve it so these are the puzzles that
Alfie bought yeah oh you got a three in
a two not 2 and a 4
this one's a 3 yeah don't you worry
so yesterday on the train I had one of
these I didn't really fully explain what
it was it looked like some weird like
gadget I kept my handbag doing a lot of
these puzzles what are they good for
just like your brain logics time wasting
distraction which is how I kept it in my
handbag which was perfect for the train
so if you are anxious traveler whack one
of these in your handbag and just sit
and try and work out so there like you
have to disassemble and then reassemble
the puzzles Alfie literally has like 50
of these at home don't you get mad when
you've done it and then it's just like
okay oh look who's there
[Laughter]
Merry Christmas yeah yeah wherever you
like oh how annoyed I hear that I just
did it oh you're taking a long time out
okay
I wonder why you were planning Ellen
yeah cuz I hope he's not done it yet
oh my god it's crazy oh I've seen oh you
I put us in our pitch yeah well you have
to whisper to that one
come on al you've got this
bTW boy that's a link then if you have
to get anybody any stocking fillers this
Christmas these are great stocking fill
again
especially for someone who you feel like
has everything
but also it keeps everyone occupied like
all of Christmas Day
yeah all right now we're done anymore
are you doing I say are you having a
nice day I'm having a lovely day thanks
I'm happy now I'm here and now we're
gonna head over to where we went last
year which was the pub where there was
the faith snow and we also have a road
and it was raining last year so much so
that the pieces of paper we were opening
with the lyrics on were like make sure
it's not raining it's so festive and if
someone take the piano and I once got
like a beer and it's so much fun so do
that now and I've got my pick of X which
I'm sure we'll be delving into could you
pass me that well I managed to work this
one out
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
everything I think
Westwood
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
an outfit that he was feeling really
cold so I offered to run him one of my
speciality bar
Who am I gonna put in it I don't even
take my cut off yet oh my god I get it
[Music]
we're gonna get into some cozies I'm
very into loungewear right now and there
are so many nice places that do really
lovely cozy lounge we're just trying to
find work found them so these are from
LA and lush be the from Zara I'll put
them on now and then I'll show you what
they look like on cozies on I love them
they're so comfy they were kind of
spenny though I'm not gonna lie I think
I mean I don't know what they're made of
but it was nice quality and yeah very it
is very soft just what you want
yeah very interlude we're wearing in and
wearing out where you can I think I also
ordered some from mango so I haven't
actually opens that package yet maybe
I'll open it tomorrow at some point but
yeah really nice quality cozy Cheers
maybe a joke you too yeah what is it
root which is that watching TV all right
sometimes I actually didn't like myself
laughs evidently watching Google box and
so many people say that me and Mark are
like Jenni and Nicole is it Carl I
actually don't know his name
there you okay he's got pet on his head
I didn't why that made me laugh so much
sorry what's he gonna do then wrong sag
[Laughter]
sorry sug I'm sorry I just really
tickled myself I think they're checking
to see if it's practice oh isn't it Lee
yeah can you call my opposite neighbors
neighbors and if you want to hear all
about our did you say it was the things
were leaving behind in 2019 oh yeah and
the things we hope to achieve in 2020 go
over to marks blog um but yeah I thought
you drowned in the bar in bar how how
was your bar was it good your weekly it
wasn't good
why oh oh my god we should do that well
dick our arms up a cow's our news our
news a natural mood made that film an ax
or a moon oh my god I know it but I
don't know it come on a farm with you I
think I'd be sick you don't have a gag
reflex that mine is really bad so I'd be
like you do that bit mark I'll do all
the traveling no yeah anything truth PO
if you do that okay I'll try yeah well a
little group sesh I would generally do
that no sorry I have a booked in for
2020 I would but you know what I'm just
a little nervous about that sensation
that everybody talks about where it's
where it's full of water yeah dogs
enough to fill you with the water
holster but everyone says that that
feels like amazing no no like that like
that moment you're gonna explosively
[ __ ] yourself but you don't feel like
you have any control
engineers do you do that oh I think
you'd be fun
seriously actually I actually don't be
more nervous about someone looking at my
[ __ ]
well I've had something up there I've
had people see my [ __ ] so that fear
for me is not their [ __ ] fear is not
that Remainders know about having a
smear test yes yeah yeah
so that's uh maybe it's I hate very
deeply they're not made for anything up
your butt in a spear know it okay so
should we all get a colonic irrigation
yeah come on a vacation let us know what
you thought no not all the time
well one office good I don't know if it
is though because it's good to have a
good amount of bacteria in your gut and
I know it empties everything so I think
have to be careful what you oh yeah
might be wrong I know there's gonna be
some maybe it's one of those things
that's like you should do it every once
in a while but it's not one it's not
good to do it all the time yeah I'm up
I'm just so interested to like know how
much comes out that's my like pizza
pizza and sweets
[Laughter]
anyway I'm gonna stop this blog now just
talking about buttholes and I'm just not
sure that where I want this to end
was that what you're watching she drunk
that poo and I was in the kitchen no
we're talking about pregnant cows oh man
had his whole entire arm yeah upper cows
on YouTube you know how I did the live
smear live if we do it on 100% blog you
know you would not film that tube if I
don't film the tube it's good as nothing
even my Cuban good off film there
YouTube's not gonna love it it's gonna
look good is that oh let's be honest you
think yours would mine would look super
clean again mom that is definitely
something you would do is definitely a
hundred percent I get around to it
yeah why would be absolutely worried
about why I'm putting my body after but
I like I reckon it's not as simple as
just getting it all no notes out yes
drink water do great chat guys yeah back
to you back to you yoga
