someone living in my car oh my god show
back inside oh oh thank you
[Music]
season Night Fever you know how to show
it show it show it yay marks hey it's
our little Christmas Extravaganza day at
the garden center
oh you just malfunction just sat down
there she looks like that fake toy that
Joe bought oh she knows what I think she
now worries that we're going like
somewhere for a long time which is
really sad it's taking me a while to get
ready today guys I'm not gonna lie I
said to mark I feel like my date I'm
going in slow motion I have so much I
need to do I just can't do it quick
enough you know like in a nightmare are
you trying to run away and you're not
running very fast it's like that did you
last night let's share that dream
stories on the way oh no who died you
died I'm pretty sure Linda would bloody
care I mean I know Linda and Linda would
care
we are heading out to the garden center
a lot of you might be thinking sewing
mark you've not been to the garden
center since there's been Christmasy and
you would be right there
we haven't where's December gone Ferris
it's stressing me out man we've
literally had no December well that's
the lie we have but it feels like we
have it
what tree oh it's me oh all right start
right look well it looks like literally
looks like I've been punched in the Marg
no you tell me yeah
you've got cat I think someone's
sleeping in my car
no honestly every time I go there it's
like there's so much condensation in the
car so you know when you have all the
windows up and everything that and your
breathing it gets will mister you like
Titanic yeah what else would it be cause
an AK if it's locked like they can't
really lock a car they could unlock it
really lock it
but then I also think someone's in my
flat are you on the our wacky baccy I've
been sleeping in my spare room I'm so
scared so I woke up on my bedroom door
was wide open and check was that or
maybe you go up the middle and I prefer
to I was like I've gone on Smee
do you open a window therefore can't
sleep with window open you know that
noise as well when you're like half
asleep and you still wake yourself up so
you go like that I heard down to my bed
yeah so much so do you think it someone
sleeping in it both have you seen those
videos of their that woman lives up up
in that man's cupboard she comes down at
night and pisses any sink you never see
that they took a picture and it was just
this man you joking I'm gonna have
nightmares I think people that make
animal noises I can't fire them
I can't fire someone living in my car
even if they couldn't look it I don't
know how you do that maybe all my I say
Wolverine to your eyeball I think it's a
radio yo ray did oh I miss doing it
didn't feel right cuz I kept texting you
and I was like say
[Laughter]
[Music]
I got scared sweet always select this
time of month that I feel like people
start panic that they're either not
having enough fun not being festive
enough haven't got everything done
haven't seen everyone they want to see
but feel a little bit down and there's
like so much pressure that we were just
saying like I don't know if any of you
feel like that it's okay you don't have
to be like a hundred and ten percent
every day of December
like sometimes you just don't feel it
you do what makes you feel good you can
celebrate like you don't want to go to
the Christmas party don't like Christmas
on Christmas come early while we the
coldest heart yeah cool
yeah sounds like a little Cardinal cold
ballsack you know who I love ion's you
an Avon ladies reindeer I'm not wearing
anything remotely festive what is wrong
with me let's get a little hot inside
let's go let's go I mean we actually do
yeah I've never been in the toilets in
hey I have but you know oh okay that is
marvelous I can smell I could smell the
food
I'm loving it oh wow my gosh jordu food
first yeah
Oh wowzer
oh my god and let you but you make
behind you like three presents bug looks
so festive right now yeah I'm excited to
eat this polish business yeah say what
you just said I said I'm really excited
to give you your presents but I know I
said you say that every yeah he's like
I'm so nervous to give you your present
I like light last year I thought like
they are gonna be things are you know
you need oh I'm excited yeah but I think
I've done really well I'm still nervous
I'm nervous yeah I know that one of them
you're gonna be
[Music]
yeah what you dumb fairy it's what
you've done you go oh just not be bloody
coffee oh oh wow roll oh my god smell
the air oh my god smells like get it for
your balcony
go on tree sell dead wow oh okay let me
have a look hang on let me do a sneaky
spin around
I mean a bit that's a Christmas tree
sure back inside I'm pretty sure this is
a Christmas tree oh god I'd take over
that is like oh maybe page mark wants
these Harry Potter candles how do they
hang where are they
I'm sorry I know oh you're supposed to
put them in the trailer
those battery-operated
look okay they are pretty I'm very
tempted by this necklace I just don't
know when I'd wear it you know marks
just find someone's glass it wasn't
found that style really see if I can say
should we take them to reception yeah
they've got a little fish theme going on
here so I'm gonna buy this little what's
this called squid surely fear me I love
the open clam yes okay there's more over
here
wowza oh look at the octopus that's sick
I might have to get that one too
[Music]
that is a big wha reminds me of what I
used to be like in the Christmas play
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah beautiful tree head back that's it
back can you believe this half 9:09 why
is the time like a sunrise
so jelly beans which are what flavors
listen what same innocent for bad about
it I said what do you feel like he said
harrybo jelly bean every flavored beans
I can tell you now you thought the best
baby trainer let's get ready
that's good ready let's go ready to
rumble are you ready are you ready
God my sinuses
start you out okay
[Music]
[Laughter]
in my in my what could be something that
someone can say during sex
[Laughter]
I can't think that looks McKay's violent
[Music]
[Laughter]
just stepped up and not get the sex talk
I know you're gonna have to put an age
restriction on that warning
mark and zoo talk about one good day for
the door waiting for me these two are
trying to film the balance thing have
you tried it the other way around you on
top oh man [ __ ] didn't we do it an alpha
we did it mean yeah yeah so all we could
do I reckon I recommend Muk might be
able to do it have you guys just you on
top and then sit bit more forward I mean
about
need to put is half of them you need to
convert the interim off the edge of our
legs because your feet are never gonna
have to go here really Inez I know of
your name Missy like you know I hit me
enough to make me your doing back see
you got a button can you hold me that's
it yeah you know yeah yeah yeah this is
that this is it mean oh wait why are you
warning me
what do you know this [ __ ] I swear I can
make a compilation of this exact
conversation for at least three years
running okay this is the worst one oh
stop sorry I saw them I was just like
this will last your lifetime or not
lifetime a long time and you like them
sweet of the 90s we're gonna demolish
the little sweet shop
thanks love you know me so well like I
said then on the best one go okay fine
I'll never say again nothing is not the
best way that makes it even oh my god
what is this don't say anything what do
you mean what is it because it has a
theme okay so that's just something for
your fridge light duck and kick do you
think your head cups in the fridge yeah
I don't know yeah keep my eggs in the
fridge your eggs but no your egg color
oh you're fancy packaging thank you keep
that use that next year yeah my dad was
like you need to show me those reaction
to opening this am I gonna the chair
right I didn't know how to make him so I
just got you the extra bit and you can
put them in the little thing welcome
I love these early Christmases
yes saying no what is my dream
you can probably smart Eddie you think
yeah oh my god she was that you all over
that I'm getting this out right now oh
[Applause]
cool cool that looks so soft
oh my god you're gonna have a hard time
getting me out of there oh look at that
well great idea thank you yeah well
perfect
Merry Christmas
yes thank you
oh okay what cuz I get nervous I I don't
know I just hate giving presents but I
like them can I tell you something I had
a dream that you had that and you opened
it in your life I've got one Hey and
that was there I can't imagine anyone
else unless those friends of yours that
I don't know getting you something like
this kind of thing right this is more as
if this I know this is genuinely serious
okay you might already have fun it's
similar
oh my god
do you notice it's yeah is it to put on
my playstation so it makes aiming in
games a lot better
my cousin is like trigger grips they go
on the back of your triggers yeah
and then these kick over the thumb so
you can have the different ones for what
you prefer you see my playstation
controller it is covered in makeup so
this is obviously amazing and then this
is just something random oh I'm so easy
to buy ball oh no I love what's his name
is in droid car isn't it oh my god that
is so thank you so much know what it is
do I have you told me my god I literally
ran out the small end yeah thank you so
much I'm happy with it yeah reusable oh
my god I love that piece up we need to
pack our trip in we're staying in here
yeah the cabin by the river oh my god oh
my gosh no amazing you know that's why
I'm a bit frisky in there sideways
oh oh oh are you [ __ ] joking me I
just literally just saw that amazing oh
my god that is the best Christmas
present ever
sorry mark its carded type entitles you
to a sari club night owl I will come out
with you on a night out for presidented
oh we've presented with this card give
me enough time to prepare though we just
may what like my law you're not whatever
you are you sure have you seen my
private
oh my god oh thank you trip away in June
oh my god thank you so much guys I love
that thank you
anytime one of those really love you
buddy you got a knife happening can't be
Brighton I'm right he saw set mm-hmm you
you do the night out and you say to me
nice tonight
well no you just got to be able to oh my
god how the hell I did it I don't know
how I did it like everything oh this is
so typical yo now watching this new
documentary on Netflix called [ __ ] cats
no don't [ __ ] character called don't
[ __ ] with cats it looks great
