myself exact are about to head out to
breakfast oh my god this looks good Bon
Appetit now we have come to Dyker
Heights
this is great
[Music]
everybody it is now Tuesday just got
ready I'm wearing another I'm wearing it
in the track see it's just few comfy and
warm and I just I don't want to give up
the tracksuit life right now so it's the
same one from Zara
but it's cream and I love it
Alfie and Lottie have already gone out
for their mini morning and myself and
Zac are about to head out to breakfast
going to some way Sunday which I'm
excited to check out because it looks
like they do some ethnic pancakes that's
my morning had to retail my hair after
yesterday's rainy sesh looking okay not
the best but you know and I'm gonna take
this Brawley because I don't trust that
it's not gonna rain again it's currently
not raining but I can definitely see
it's going to so there we go I'm going
to go down to meet Zac now I think I've
got everything I need
here's a little mirror shot before I
leave let's go
another very unflattering ask tracksuit
yay
so me and Zach are out having a little
stroll around Brooklyn and we've come
across this fabulous wall that we've
just taken some pigs in front of well I
asked McAfee to take some pics of me in
front of it
to be honest just because it's really I
don't know the colors are great and
actually I didn't intentionally plan my
outfit to match it but it's all did yeah
hello coordination
I know or my bag was pink or like my
shoes are pink or something so now we
are heading back towards look at that I
curled my hair this morning and I was
all dropped out already so humid very
humid indeed we're now heading back to
Sunday's which we actually walked fast
to get to that wall so we're gonna head
back there now are you hungry
no that's the same as me I think yeah I
could definitely eat but I don't feel
well so I don't know how big the
pancakes are so I have to be nice I
wonder if you can just get like one
instead of like a whole stack they do
look good but they look chunky yeah
proper chunky yeah how do you know
foods arrived he's getting the shot I
was getting this job Zack went for the
super eggs yep something about devil or
hell something and I've got the pancake
which looks insane how you could ever
have a stack of three of those I will
never know but I'm excited to try it
I think it's brown sugar bag oh my god
this looks good Bon Apetit back right
finished up in Sunday some day in
Brooklyn this is what it looks like
that was lovely that was great little
spot I would 100% go back there
I've definitely zoomed in all zooming it
even more Oh Zack I'm scared it's a red
hand yeah I'll look how cute it is one
thing means a Catherine enjoying is
coming across really cool walls look at
this one by Claude ah it has a little
pooping dog where is it there it is so
cool and massive we've also just
realized that they've stuck a load of
dog toys on as well how cool is that
that's so funny they just think so much
better than that I know that adverts are
so much cooler yeah apart from maybe the
TV what I don't know he's painted this
though
doesn't say curated by the dogus hmm I'm
sorry I don't know who did this one if
you did it it's really cold yeah she's
so tiny
No nice to meet you no we have come to
Dyker Heights it's quite a Misha way not
gonna lie if you are planning on coming
here put aside good hour and a bit to
get here if you're staying like in
Manhattan or like Williamsburg area of
Brooklyn but oh my god so the taxi
driver just told us that the winner of
like whose houses the most Christmasy
gets a hundred thousand pounds I didn't
know that dollars sorry dollars so yeah
of course you're gonna like try and all
out beat each other I bet it gets well
competitive on this street
I mean I gotta look into that I don't
know how legit that is we've literally
just been told it oh my god that house
is like in same ok I'm going to turn
this round
[Music]
[Applause]
there's a chair this is crazy
have you ever seen anything more
terrifying store that during the year
here's a big old boy oh my god
look at this one this one's beaut I love
this this is so festive I feel like this
is what I would aspire to have this is
crazy because they haven't got big
statues this is I mean yeah this is what
I would try and do just I would just
cover absolutely everything in as many
lights as I could
oh my god I just love it I feel like for
all of you that aren't gonna get to come
here or it's too far or you come to York
and you don't get a chance to do it I
feel like you'll enjoy this section of
the vlog because I'll try and film as
many as I can okay it's actually
starting to rain which is so annoying
but look at some of these houses are
incredibly impressive
that elf's kinda creepy not sure about
him
what did you say Wow look imagine having
an entranceway like that yeah I wonder
who's like who judges there I'd love to
do that like the most festive house
being able to judge literally bought
like an ornament of a deer and then
rapid I love it this is so flippin
festive
that's called Christmas decorations
residential and commercial was like a
company someone else had that too
house number I've lost track
ah threes pretty cool
Merry Christmas I love that archway
always inside the greenhouse
oh wow this blue one is insane I kind of
love how they've stuck to one color it's
so pretty and they've put really big
balls in the tree which I highly
appreciate I feel like this is a very
classy one don't you think this one's
like super classy yeah
found another top contender look at the
tree above is beautiful so we've got and
these are real trees they've like
literally cover the whole thing in green
and like white lines on the trees
outside I know and they've got Christmas
music it's the first one with Christmas
music oh they have got them with
donations Wow
okay this one's giving me all the Festa
Phibes I think it's because it's red and
white I love it look at the REE
it's the symmetry I just love it yeah I
love the symmetry on this one I just
love it oh this is magnificent look at
all these three okay we're gonna do one
more and then we're gonna head back
right
that's a kind of creepy swing imagine
that just like swinging in the night
yeah that's terrifying
I don't know but it smells like donut
doesn't add weight does it smell like
doughnuts what does it smell like or
chicken I can't tell ya I can't work out
I had a savory week earlier like it does
smell a bit like McDonald's it does
smell a bit like McDonald's yeah it
definitely has a bit of a savory smell
yeah or maybe just bad doughnuts yeah we
went to this one oh yeah we have oh
we've done this one Oh No maybe it
wasn't on I don't remember this oh it's
so sick its proper like America love
that
[Music]
I'm back in the hotel room
Alfie's gone out for another work do and
I'm just having a little bit of a chill
arthur christmas is on the TV so I'm
super happy I haven't actually watched
this this year yet so this is the first
time I'm watching it just ordered some
room service but now I'm so aware that I
have to stay awake and I think that's
going to be really hard because she said
it could be between 25 to 45 minutes and
25 minutes I reckon I could just about
do however 45 minutes I think he's going
to be very hard to try and stay awake
then maybe them coming to the door will
wake me up do I risk it or not I just
don't know I'm just so tired
