yeah you got a basket yes I happen film
at miracle 1 million downloads
[Music]
good morning my class has told me the
outside temperature is 1.5 degrees
Celsius that is freaking cold your eye
it's currently half 7:00 in the morning
early five minutes I'm going to pick you
on that now the reason to be a mark
being up so incredibly early this
morning is that we are going to
homestead but this part of my vlog is
currently sponsored by home said Matt
would you believe that
they're just one of my favorite
restaurant where dream I'm just totally
get to do it together with like bad dude
to get this really excited about dead
but also just I mean we're probably
doing this today anyway we do it all the
time it's amazing at like thank you so
much yeah they have kindly given us a
gift card of which we both have to find
the best bits it's kind of a bit of a
competition but not yeah are we timed
HomeSense is the place to find the most
amazing bits and pieces I love it I
think my favorite thing about Holmes is
is that every time you go in there is
different and yeah there's always new
things I like discover it's a bit like a
treasure hunt like I love it I feel like
if I'm ever stuck for a present which
you think is why it's amazing the
Christmas
there is always something in fact I'll
know for sure I will get a present in
homes and also their Christmas
decorations are like my favorites
oh yes muscles well done mate
yeah whoo oh yeah I got a try story
why is it mark yeah
just sick on me who do you still need to
buy Christmas presents like who do I
mind
my dad and my sister I've got my mom in
my own
that's exciting yeah I think I'm going
to get some like stocking silhouettes so
I have a Secret Santa stocking person
and I wanted to really get some because
I feel like crimson is amazing first oh
my god yeah so I'm gonna so I do want to
get some more Christmas decorations why
we're here we've got a basket each look
at him he's off already by then
Holly's here as well morning to strength
are out at 8 a.m.
I'm gonna start down here because this
is the Christmassy section and oh my god
this Christmas card section look
actually haven't bought any Christmas
cards yet so I feel like this is
probably a good start this is always one
of my favorite sections because I love
all the wreaths they have look how cool
these are they're so beautiful
I'm trying to decide if I need another
wreath or not I probably don't I'm not
gonna lie I kind of like this trailer
okay look how cool it just looks covered
in massive ball walls I love it
how you getting on good you found lots
of little treasures doing this little
time gun
you know let's see what once bought its
competition who currently in the food
section which always has the coolest
things for presents I think like the
most beautiful tins of biscuits the most
amazing chocolates hot chocolates in
like adorable mugs so I definitely want
to get something from this section
because it's phenomenal look at the the
jars of sweet oh my god oh you going
upstairs we're just in the gift for
gifting section look at all these
amazing gift boxes
Polly wants this one I really like these
the flat-pack ones such a good idea and
then people can keep the boxes and reuse
them or give gifts back in them again
like I have so many gift boxes I also
think they're great for Christmas Eve
boxes this section has proven very
popular by all three of us it's got all
the sort of little like champagne
Stoppers like six fruity Stoppers to put
in your champagne and like gin kits and
like the shimmer that you can put in
cocktails overall a very good present
idea section my god this won't fit in
any stocking or be a gift that I'm
looking for but that is amazing thank
you used all right we're in the dog toy
section because we obviously both have a
fairy friend in our lives very friend
fairy child and they have the best
Christmas toys Wow oh my god a dog
creeper oh wow this is like got me
caught we read a ended so as you know we
came in early we thought we'd be done by
9:00 what's the time oh great
six hours coach past nine okay I think
I'm nearly done are you nearly done I'm
done you done okay should we head down
and see the damage who spent more do we
think I think maybe they know you've got
it looks like you've got a lamp in your
basket so yeah you got two basket yes I
happen these are so good
these are great presence this section is
always for me without fail where I will
find something for somebody I love their
notebook selection like it's actually
incredible do you know a friend's fan or
a Britney fan no I love Britney fans
just browsing he's got any throw so you
think you're coming in under budget and
now we're heading back to the car with
all our bags you got your bags I'm so
excited to see what you got so I went
slightly over the budget and Mart with
Linda so overall I think we were very
well-balanced my dad would be so proud
only the small tasks now are fitting all
the bags into the back of the mini do
you not want to go and get coffee yeah I
was out of Reva that is ridiculous I
could have stayed in there for another
hour as well yeah we're very quickly
going to show you what each of a Scott
and you can decide who you think got the
best gifts let's know in the comments I
just think this is so cute and I'm gonna
put it next to where my balcony doors
are so everyone going on one of the
first things that I picked up was this
how cool is that as a gift to somebody
someone who likes to make cocktails so
we bought cocktail mixes in like every
single flavor you could ever imagine
and they're in quite small bottles to
fill that sometimes the cocktail mixes
are so massive that you'll never get
through them all so I just feel like
that's okay a perfect stocking filler
episodes have amazing dog toys so I've
got Teddy this tree because she loves
her toys it's Christmas - Christmas safe
I got this amazing 2020 organizing
calendar which has columns and stickers
and I just thought that would be a
massive gift perfect look at these I
think these are great oh nice he won't I
tell her not she got watch your vids so
yeah my mom likes like little coffee so
I think this is like the perfect amount
and she has a little stack it looks
really nice and it will go with no
kitchen
oh gosh this is a karaoke microphone I
love it
stocking prison yeah it's got little
crystal ball at the end um so I got this
for and I'm just gonna hope people in
the office don't watch this but we do a
secret santa where we all buy a present
and I got that for that someone's
getting there someone's getting their
Christmas socks okay pretty obvious I
want to be festive on my cake absolutely
you not yet yeah never make a really
cool gold watering can not gonna say who
this is for but how cool is that I
really like that yeah lovely a face mask
for my sister I feel like she really
like this I want to try to rob a mosque
before and she was like oh my god I
really want to try one by going from
America and look what I found in
HomeSense
the robber mask amazing couple of bags
of bath salts so this one is a sweet
gingerbread son oh no with warming and
relaxing melting crystals and this one
is frankincense and myrrh
I love the design yeah so nice it's
really nice way of discovering like
really cool breath it's the best place
to discover new brands days I'm a
massive fan of bubble teas and I'm
trying to get on I'm trying to get
everyone else on the bubble tea type
thing Oh
these in cocktails so yours is Prosecco
yeah mines gin G and then little by
little bubble bath and a burst of flavor
fun to your Prosecco yeah and they're
really healthy as well obviously no
HomeSense haul cargo short of a candle
peony petals oh my god like summer in a
jar
I hate that get a landing under my tree
this this smells of the perfumes I used
to make out of flowers in my back garden
ah well you did very well because the
ones I made did not smell ah I bought
this really cute stainless steel straw
set with cleaners and a little spotty
pouch to carry them oh I got Teddy some
Christmas socks snowman editions I also
got some finola I got a hand cream that
comes in this lovely little tin oh very
great so mini yeah didn't remind me of
the greatest showman but also I just
think anything in a tin at Christmas yes
they can keep the tins yeah and I did
like element so hand cream I got this
because on Christmas Day me and my
family loved to play retro games all you
do is plug it into the TV and you can
play all these little games and I feel
like that's as far as my parents can go
with games this would be really Maddie
oh yeah it says momager mode it has
pictures of Kris Jenner on it and I just
thought she'd love that that's corny
she's my manager that's where the joke
is in that and she's like a second mom
she is more stuff for teddy
I got our little winter John Paul just
so she could walk around town and look
bossy I also got this candle how cute
that's cute
it's mellow well hello actually don't
know
I've got a gin and tonic yeah so it's
like all the little bits that you can
put into gin like all the little like Oh
added touches like juniper berry got
such a nice gear scrying them amazing
Freddie like gin and tonic lovers like
gin and gin and tonic is like a real
popular drink right yeah and then you
just add these the drinks and it makes a
little a little bit more fancy and it's
got a measurer as well which is nice I'm
nice yeah also got this one which is
Spice Girls
and it says spice up your notes oh I
don't know I'm gonna give this to you
but I could not leave that on the show
it's amazing okay how adorable is this i
flippin love it
it's a question a day journal mm-hmm and
it says like this journal belongs to and
it's just got things like my favorite
movies how would you describe your
clothing style what celebrity would play
you in a movie about your life love that
okay so I did get a couple of packs or
Christmas cards because they had the
most amazing song yeah look that's
pretty good this snow globe and that's
actually a snow globe - I went for a
themed moon how cute are these Soviet
Christmas serviette says they say oh
what fun sixteen serviette very useful
for Christmas Day
I got a reusable Christmas tree ball I
love that I think I love the design and
it's saving the planet exactly couple of
little bits bonala
I got her these toys now she loves tiny
toys mm-hmm and these are like perfectly
she also loves the scrunchie ones look
at these else how perfect today finola
tiny toys I also got her this was for
her but also I just really liked her
it's one of those barroom toys oh yeah
oh oh
[Laughter]
my mum's dog has like teething bones
which aren't like swallowed straightaway
so I got her this as a little like
toothbrush yeah yeah and she can't like
swallow the whole thing yeah no that's
nice and chewy a cheese board Oh because
if you kind of change that Christmas
this is my mum she'll love that
and finally you at the end almost yeah
oh I've got a lovely little lamp and
some makeup sponges nice yeah and that's
me done you've done so well thank you I
know this was really lovely this is a
little like a lark aid kit okay yeah so
it's coffee talk like a stencil gift set
which includes a mug a stencil cinnamon
powder and vanilla flavor latte men and
you can do the little stunts yeah I like
that
excuse me very cute okay this was kind
of for me and for like the fam so I have
some puzzles that are like a thousand
pieces and they take me too long so
yesterday we were discussing get like a
500 piece puzzle they had a really good
selection of puzzles I feel like it's
gonna be really hard do you think a lot
of red and orange yeah so I know this
might seem really random but I think
colored like colorful pack stuff it's
such a nice kick beautiful so I got this
for I'm not gonna say hey but very
reasonable as well yeah oh I love this
gift I feel like you'd like this this is
a travel sized aromatherapy like
diffuser yeah my favorite thing with
four oils that's good isn't that such a
nice gift yeah I got some Christmas
pudding flavored vegan sweet hmm just
really intrigued me yeah are we going to
you
it's for me
oh yeah it's not it's not this not so
it's like gold feathers that make up a
tree with a little star on the top it's
beautiful I want to put it in that
little cubbyhole operation know why my
eyes are going for me whoa see ya you
did my loads I've got a wreath so it's
like a half wreath which I'm quite
loving this year you've got like the
wicker and then you've just got like
half don't says yeah parties going on
down here
yeah I love that they're pushing
I love that gold yeah like that will go
with a lot of the interior stuff I have
in the house
I'm also something I think is a great
stocking Villa hmm like pretty matches
to light candles that you can keep like
on a mantelpiece or on a shelf how cute
yeah you swipe it down the side noise
yeah you know I got this dish oh yeah
very scandi yeah I love that little
casserole dish but we mac and cheese in
there yeah oh look at this you'd love
there hmm
it's a I've got bits of wreath on it
it's a room diffuser but you stick this
little flower in the top and that's how
it diffuses well with the flower
the smell is European you are enticing
aroma of red berries orange and peach oh
yeah I miss that I feel like either I'm
gonna give this to somebody or I might
keep it it's a very pretty
never seen nothing for yeah really cool
and then last but by no means late going
down a very similar route to you a
little mini cheese board yeah with a
little cheese board and then three
cheese knives I think we did so well so
well I feel like I've kicked off so many
boxes yeah I think I've
spoil my dog a bit I mean you always do
always do exactly so I just want to say
a massive thank you to HomeSense for
giving us the gift cards and working
with me on this video and with Mark yeah
thank you see had the most fun yeah it
was just like an everyday thing for us
exactly and also guys honestly I mean I
don't need to say this because you all
know how much I love home sense but it
genuinely is like the best shot that
ever existed it is just full of anything
you will ever need like the most amazing
brands the most amazing value and you're
always going to find like the perfect
gift in that lovely little knickknacks
yeah precious stuff that you didn't
think you need that you end up buying
it's great come into town just nipping
into the office to say hello to everyone
while I'm here
Mark's leaving bye then
[Music]
you were too gaudy spoil his picture on
the wall
bye mark see you soon
Oh Marcus how cute is Holly she's done
this Advent and every day there's
something else the first of December is
a Sunday you see which means we're not
in the office are we so let's start the
Advent a SAP she was one lucky person to
choose a present under the tree in my
absence fret not must you for under the
tree find a box labeled to open it up
and reach inside oh my God why is she so
cute it's so cute and she's got
different things in each one and there's
presents for each person la simian Alfie
I'm walking down to the beach to catch
the sunset
I think Zac and Shawna around here
somewhere
oh my god okay this coat I love it
because it keeps me warm but I go from
like being the perfect temperature to
boiling hot in like two minutes I'm in
the boiling hot territory look how
beautiful you are literally where Hannah
sleep yeah I am
and I've got a leather jacket underneath
this as well smooth oh yeah
and I I think I thought it was a bit
colder than it actually was
me an outfit yeah rewind in my film it's
just bein Alfie adjusts at basic needs I
can Shawn we must have passed them
they've gone the opposite way so after
that track across the beach we're
sitting down just to watch this last bit
of sensor which is amazing and then I
think we'll probably head back up
towards the beach but cool thing
happened today I don't if it happened
today or yesterday film app very cool
1 million downloads it was not so cool
for anything they don't know film app is
the app that I created with Elsie and
Emma or beautiful math when did we
release that actually was August July or
August whoa can you see that ray of
light where
this one eat sure oh my god that was
literally crazy did you not see that oh
there was a beam of like clear clear
light just like of just daylight like
literally let you know when you see like
Batman or whatever were like the lights
in the sky are like big clubs or
whatever it was literally like that
laser beam no it was like thick clear
light like literally what the hell if
someone said God's really shining a
light down it was lit so mad how weird
that when you look that way it feels
like it's still light and then you look
behind and you're like oh it's actually
cut it's getting quite dark down there
um so yeah it's the app where you can
edit video effects and filters and I am
loving how much so many of you are using
it and loving it which is incredible
it's always nice to hear feedback on
something that you're like working
really hard on but yet reached a million
downloads so I'm so pleased of that so
cool no picture in a panoramic mode
anyway little update on that actually
film will soon have the capacity to edit
clips together which I know will be
useful to so many people so if you
haven't yet got the subscription now is
the time to do it because the price will
be going up once the capabilities are
more I'm already using it because
obviously we've made it but it's epic
you can literally film things on your
phone and edit them and put them
everywhere like you don't have to use
any program you can just use film it's
amazing but it does mean the price will
be going up slightly so if you haven't
yet got a subscription for film and you
want one do it now while it's at this
price because once
editing comes in it will be going up so
yeah I'm really excited for you see that
look at out there doing his panoramic
shot this is beautiful
I am a big fan of a win to some subset
of a winter sunset
they're so beautiful and crisp and clear
lover anyway I'm not too sure what the
planets now maybe I'll get my photo
gelato ice cream that I've been wanting
to get for like the last two days we
shall see either way I think I'm gonna
go here and have a bath tonight
I wonder if Alfea will run we run me one
since I ran one for him this is very
calming this is just what I needed I
need to get down to this Beach more
often when I lived down here in Hove in
a flat I used to come to the beach like
most evenings and I just feel like being
on a beach is good for the soul knowing
about the waves or like the calmness of
the sea or I don't know what it is or
the expanse of horizon that's like in
front of you I just find it really calm
especially when it's like this like you
literally can't beat it this is why I
love living here so much not that I like
being in the sea or being on the sea
mind you at all in fact I like looking
at it yeah anyway I'm gonna end this
little spiel and we're gonna get going
my hand is gonna drop off but is it
sculpture look at the floor in line yeah
we gotta go this way aren't they pretty
hey Spa see you later
good good Nala can you see her oh she
spotted me Ola Lakota Christmas lights
yes I know I still have hay bales or my
stuff oh because I can't lift them so
I'm kind of just waiting for Alfie to
one day decide oh I know I'll move those
hay bales what you saying what are you
doing what are you doing I'm gonna say
I'm too tired I don't know what and say
I'm setting an alarm for 28 minutes I'm
gonna sleep for 25 what's the other
three for then until I fall asleep
also three minutes to fall asleep and
then twenty five minutes for the actual
sleep do you want to join me like I mean
who naps now if you can't nap its temp
are seven you watch me it's gonna be
great it's gonna be so fun
any other day I'd be like oh my god and
well up for that especially because I've
been so tired in the evenings recently
but I feel like I'm just getting out of
that Lobby our party's over what are you
doing going casino
yeah what's happened here why are you
the one cutting up cuz I just got back
from Shanghai right I'm going sleep
28-minute os-- where's my alarm at three
two one Oh accent Enix 32 seconds thanks
okay place your bets in the comments now
do we think this is a good idea and the
Alfie's gonna wake up in 28 minutes or
refreshed yeah really this is not good
okay I don't know if I'm gonna nap
because I really don't feel like it and
I know for sure if I do that I'm done
for the evening why don't you just like
I won't be able to wait behind me and
then just massage me and close my back
was lower than ever now oh I've got a
little dreadlock going on back here
I've got a dreadlock Oh Sam's gonna have
to try and get rid of that Friday um I
know I don't think I'm gonna do that but
if you ever want to do that for me I
would love it you don't need a nap I'm
the one that needs to know I've needed a
nap every evening for like the past
month and you've not come and curled up
behind me and rub my back I'm inviting
you into the nap all I'm saying is we've
got times ticking the goose yeah you've
only got one minute to fall asleep or
maybe but I need to put strict me on and
like get cozy straight now no I can't I
can't nap with nothing on in the
background okay all right enjoying that
yaw was a mess see you in Xena yes haha
my hair see you in 24 minutes
Oh Oh 26 you've got one minute to fall
asleep mm-hmm can you do that okay oh
how was your 25 minute nap I'm sure
they're all dying to know I can't see
you it's focusing on the man's face on
the DVD I wasn't too successful what
happened what happened I'm gonna blame
it on my lawn moving off it did go it
went off I don't I don't think it did
telling you right now it went off we may
have woken up three and a half hours off
from a nap both Joey and I unpacked my
hands out that's my fault because it is
my idea yes it's clearly hot money but
muscle my dinner I've just put some
chicken in the oven
oh yeah didn't I say yeah I said that
would happen I said no and if I join in
that's me done and I did play with your
back
did you actually yes I'm glad you
remember oh it's probably all thought I
slept so long then you probably may be
so relaxed
I have serious period pains right now
too
what a lovely thing to wake up to have a
little nap have a long nap since I've
essentially just went to sleep at 7:00
really didn't I and now woken up an
uncle like the worst period pains ever
so I'm gonna end the vlog here because
I'm probably just gonna go back to sleep
now I'm going up to bed or do you think
now both of us are gonna be like can't
sleep yeah I can't no sleep now
our fees buzzing obviously not yeah
right good night everyone
