it's kind of snowing we hear this tree
is huge
oh my gosh
holy cow
[Music]
everybody it's just me and my butthole
coat it is cold today
I've got a bun so it's not quite working
out for me here but I feel very cozy
always I can't hear anything we've come
out this morning for a bit of fresh air
Alfie and Lottie is shooting some stuff
I'm just coming along for the ride
because I wanted to get a bit fresher
and it is a chilly ride oh no my laces
undone I'm gonna fall and it's um it's
kind of snowing look it's like sleet I
think it's gonna get more snowy later
but it is cold I'm so glad I brought
this coat I'm very nearly didn't bring
this do you remember your like gonna
bring this cow and I was like I love a
little early morning explore you know oh
this is my rough trade this where we win
so yesterday I got in as you saw ordered
my room service add a little sleep but I
set an alarm Brad a brush
piece of bread and I got my room service
ate like six mouthfuls and just fell
asleep all night until 6 a.m. this
morning I think I really needed that
these guys went out to a bar I think but
I just slept so sorry I didn't really
end the vlog - needed that and today
we're moving over to Manhattan so once
we've come out here and got the shop we
need we're gonna head back in edit up
the videos get some breakfast and then
me and Zach are heading out to Manhattan
- of course a sign in to sign in to our
Airbnb I can't even tell you how happy I
am that I put this coat on
I love me my butthole coat come down to
get breakfast or for doing a little bit
anything and work stuff I've got a car
no this morning all the lights
ballocks good just with the stretch your
hand on the outside
Zack have packed up everyone's backs all
in the baby and we're now heading over
to midtown to the place that we're
staying for the last couple of days
oh my god cash cash giant inflatable rat
our field lofty are doing their final
work thing this morning and then they're
gonna head over and join us and then for
the next couple of days it's all just
Christmas fun
you're gonna fight he gave up yeah
you did well with another they become in
half way it is died if you holding your
breath was a good thing when I breathe
it a bit too much and then you always
like oh yeah then you enjoy town yeah
that's what I did you actually need to
not take the fletcher's right now yeah
you need to just breathe in normally we
are
come on
one point five miles away we had to
water
we're here and we walked in to this
which made me very happy friends on the
TV and a Christmas tree could it get any
better than that feel like I just missed
out on the perfect channel or
opportunity there could it be any better
than that
okay right I'm unpacking because one of
the things we couldn't do in the
Williamsburg hotel because the room was
much smaller and me and Alfie had a lot
of luggage was unpacked because there
was just nowhere to put anything
so we've been living out of a suitcase
for three days so now we're here I am so
excited to actually like get stuff out
I'm such an unpacker I don't know if you
guys are too but I just feel much more
like rooted and like homely when I can
get my stuff out and I can see it all
properly and I can like put things away
if you like that or do not really care
and you just grab and go but yeah that's
what I'm currently doing so I thought
well we'll just do a little time
[Music]
okay so in that last clip you will have
seen me unpacking
since then applaud a shower wash my hair
person makeup on and join that again
literally and now we are walking around
New York a Sun is actually coming out
which is so nice so we thought we'd head
to Bryant Park which is just behind the
library we've discovered and check out
because it looks super festive and
Lottie and Alfie should be joining us
soon they look good yeah you should get
a practice
this tree is huge it looks so cool
though
we've come inside to get some food to
drink I'm okay thank you
I've just ordered one of these
[Music]
oh my gosh have you ever seen anything
like that in your life literally looks
ridiculous
okay verdict on the desert is like the
looming good but really hard to eat
exactly having a little try now
impossible to scoop it out but it is
good very very good we're just waiting
now Alfie and lofty who it says on my
like finder friend finder I can't see
them look for the extended Alfie armed
with the camera on the end then you'll
know can you are they gone in I said CPA
to shower no just that one they just had
lunch I doubt they'll want food they
just properly walk inside Oh idiot I do
sense you walk in oh my god look at the
tree
slice that's my favorite tree so far it
is busy we thought we were going go to
the top of the rock turns out you have
to put to get an advantage you get to if
you go to the top in hindsight that does
make a lot more sense so we put some
tickets to go out tomorrow instead but
Zack really wanted to get up there for
sunset because it's been so nice out
today it would have been really pretty
fingers crossed it's sunny tomorrow I
think it's meant to be
this is busy
[Music]
the contrast between Manhattan and
Brooklyn white the ice-skating is down
it's not that busy though
being Lahti I found the perfect spot for
the Christmas tree
[Music]
oh and then the ice rink
oh yeah you need to be back far or they
were waiting for the light display B oh
my God look at that bus without phone
that's kind of cool
I think it plays every 10 minutes from
4:30 so we're here at 4:30 what's the
time for 25 minutes this has been the
longest 12 minutes of my life yeah it's
actually do you wanna guys gonna like
that yeah I'm excited to see it
we're still waiting come on
they're one minute late minute building
up the crowds the height everyone
wanting more
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
is actually so so one thing we've never
done i've never out rehab young enough
that speed into Grand Central Station
and I would say to Zack earlier that
I've never been in in fact was I can't
no me neither
and neither had love day and we just
walked past so were like let's come
inside and see it it's warm inherently
many people's yeah holy cow this is
crazy
[Music]
yeah yeah this is so fancy
oh my
this is really cold
this feels so fun anxiety like
like it's quite like even though it's
full of people it's a very like calm
environment like the lighting is really
nice and it's really like and you know
no one looks like they're leap they're
trained do you know I mean like no one
looks angry like piss rushing around
everyone's just like chill chill during
the day back at the place was saying and
Zack is currently matching himself up to
the sofa nobody see oh my god
this is dedication this is your little
feature isn't it on your Instagram
little hashtag matchy-matchy
doesn't look good just going to do a
little tour for you because when we came
in I didn't actually show you around but
and it's gonna be super quick because
alfea's already done the full one on her
so I don't really want to have to repeat
that because I also did it on his for
his channel toilet ensuite and then this
is mine and our fees room and it has a
door that hides away which is quite cool
and also closes so you kind of feel like
you're part of the living area which is
down there and then this is our bed
looks very cozy TV wardrobe and then
down here got a little bar area coffee
area so first a Christmas tree which I
highly appreciate and then the stairs
and then up the stairs we go and then up
here
is the dining area kitchen area another
TV they have like a TV in every room in
here hi
nice big fridge and then another shower
ensuite and then this is Zack and
lottie's room little green bed I
actually love the color of this so much
and then upstairs there are two more
bedrooms and a really lovely bathroom
but none of us are using that because
obviously there's only four of us so you
need require two bedrooms so we're gonna
leave those untouched but yeah it's very
very nice it's in a really central spot
so I feel like we're right by everything
which is really nice because obviously
over in Brooklyn it was quite quiet it's
quite a contrast so what we doing yeah
yeah oh oh I'm so cozy I would love a
little foot rub he offered me a blanket
no sauce what I should put my but then I
won't feel the foot massage you know
when you've been walking around so much
your feet feel like they're on fire and
they're like throbbing that's what yeah
that's what mine feel like so this is
this is a very appreciated thank you
making latte give you of massage day I
will afterwards if you just and I'll
just put this blank we've ordered food
and we've gone for Joe's only a small
one guys look at me I'm excited
is it over
yeah one day loti you're just gonna how
can you not get it ever not even when
you get back this piece is amazing mmm
Joe's pizza count one then oh that feels
so good
[Applause]
[Music]
I think people pull them look bomb
currently 6:00 a.m. and I'm about to
edit this vlog but I know for sure we
didn't end it because we all fell asleep
on the sofa at like 9:00 so that is the
end of this vlog thanks for watching I'm
gonna edit it now
