good morning it is Wednesday and I'm
heading into the office super early I
basically woke up early and was like do
I try and go back to sleep or do I just
get up do my hair and makeup Chuck some
clothes on and go and that is why I
decided to do so I'm gonna get to the
office earlier than everyone else but I
quite like driving in at this time
because there's not as much traffic I
got gnarley' with me and alfie is coming
into the office a little bit later it's
10:00 to 8:00 so I'm gonna head it now
and I'll see you at the office right I'm
here
turns out the time I left was gnarly
enough [ __ ] all the traffic it's taken
me Oh 40 minutes to get here and it is
not a 40-minute journey so first start
to the day in Allah she's got a little
jump run today cuz it's actually the
coldest today of autumn so far for sure
today is like you have to wear a coat
day not just I want to wear a coat and
I'm not sure if it's gonna be cold or
not like it's cold
I've got jumper and coat and boots so
it's one of those days it's one of those
days Bubba should we go in man should we
go in yes so [ __ ] cute okay no just
wait it's so sunny Malcolm I've made a
rock era of dressing for the outdoors
but not for up very high in a very well
linked sunny building so the coats gonna
come off that's for sure
I made myself a little banana loaf
yesterday morning so I've brought in a
slice of that from over at first not the
healthiest but it's better than we're
running out the door and not having
anything so I'm gonna sit do some
editing and eat my banana bread
I think it's lunchtime and I haven't
really done much filming but I just
thought I'd share with you what I got
for lunch so I've gone for a what they
called the halloumi maple man bagels in
it it has avocado halloumi spinach
hummus and a like chipotle sauce I think
and then I also got a little side of
hash brown and more of the sauce which
I'm going to share because I'm not going
to eat five hash browns but yeah that's
my little lunch update I'm hime I didn't
really feel much today
I knew Oh going into the whoa going into
the office is always gonna be either
have loads to film and I've got my
camera on my desk and I just remember or
a day like today where I just got sucked
into lots of different bits that I was
trying to finish off and do and I didn't
really pick up my camera much but I'm
gonna bring you into the office tomorrow
as well got home I am running a bar ace
baby I'm currently running a bar just
had dinner I need to get the remnants of
this lip color off didn't say what lip
color it was but it was a stealer one
just gonna have a chilled night running
a bath I'm gonna read the last little
bit of my book so I finished reading
Holly borns
how do you like me now and if you are
also part of as well a book club then we
will be discussing what we thought of it
me and the team next week
over on the cellar Instagram so if
you've done a little mini review make
sure to tag us because we love reading
them and
and then I thought before we start on
the October book I would read this I
don't know how it's taken me so long to
read this this is notes on a nervous
planet by Matt Haig and actually I read
both these books on my Kindle but I had
this because he sent it to me all the
publisher sent it to me ages ago
and I found it in my bookshelf I knew I
had it I ordered it on the Kindle and
then I was like I'm sure I've got it
so yeah I'm almost done with it oh my
god if you have not read notes on a
nervous planet by my Haig you need to
read it
it's about mental health depression
anxiety and it's just one of those books
that I mean I can see how so many people
have felt so saved by this book it's
incredible so I'm almost done with that
I think I've got like 20 minutes left to
read that and then I'm going to be
starting on October spook which is the
Margaret Atwood the new [ __ ] what's it
called for new Handmaid's Tale the
follow on the 15 years later it's on the
tip of my tongue it's gonna really annoy
me and I could turn the camera off and
then I'm gonna remember what it is so
i'm gonna do i'm also gonna catch up on
Bake Off because I didn't see it
yesterday when it was on which is not
like me at all
and then I'm super excited to catch up
on the circle which I didn't actually
watch any of last year and so many
people said it's really good I can't
wait for the next one so I was like
right I'm gonna I'm gonna go for it I'm
going to start on Episode one and see
how I get on with it
I'm obsessed any of you are watching the
circle how like freaking amazing is tip
I think I had something in my teeth that
whole time so I apologize just a little
bit dinner I thought I'd share with you
Tim is just the best oh I'm like so into
it so if any of you aren't watching the
circle on channel 4 I think
I'm gonna light some candles their thing
that I've used in my bath my bath item
of choice this evening if this is the
Neal's Yard remedies soothing bath oil
deeper deeply relaxing for body and mind
Amal Bauer so probably gonna sign out
here and I'll see you
[Music]
[Music]
time is a review 27 i guess not too bad
just woke up to this amazing sunrise it
looks so cool look how cute the birds
chirping it's amazing I'm gonna go take
another out jump into shot Wow
look at this state to me I'm just about
to jump in the shower but first I
thought I would share with you what I'm
gonna be using in my shower so it's
gonna be absolutely no surprise to you
that these two are coming into the
shower with me I'm working the function
Beauty again which makes me so happy
because they're a brand I genuinely love
use recommend to all my friends I love
it I'm too scared now to use anything
else on my hair in case my hair's like
whoa I just got really used to that I've
been using it for around 6 months I've
just recently changed to the purple
shampoo conditioner because I've got a
lot more blonde in my hair now so I
wanted to tick the hair goal but was
reduced brassiness healthy hair as you
guys know is really important it's good
to give your hair exactly what it needs
to know your hair type in the same way
that you do with your skin and
everything else function of beauty is a
haircare brands that allow you to
customize and create shampoo and
conditioner that is particularly
tailored to your hair you literally go
on their website you do an online quiz
which takes literally two minutes and it
has everything from the type of hair you
have the type of scalp you have you fill
out everything that your hair is and
then you select five hair goals but all
the things that you really want your
hair to be so I think a couple of the
ones I selected was anti frizz thermal
protection and hydration obviously it
could also choose a color and the
fragrance and you can choose the
strength of the fragrance which is
amazing I actually this time went for
feeling fine apple which is a pineapple
coconuts and and oh my god it smells
like a pina colada and every time I use
it I'm like feel like I'm on holiday I
love it the scent I had before was the
peach and apricot which or the apricot
peach one which again was great too
highly recommend they've kindly given me
a 20% off your first order link which I
will leave in the description box so
make sure you go down there if you fancy
it or you want to try it going onto my
description box click that code is
available to use in the US the UK Europe
Canada Australia New Zealand and I think
a couple more places but just check
online also worth noting that function
of beauty products contain no parabens
no toxins no sulfates no GMOs and they
are completely vegan and cruelty-free as
well that is my morning I am going to
jump in the shower take these back with
me wash my hair and they're gonna dry it
style it it's still quite early so I
feel like maybe I could have enough time
before I need to head into the office
but yeah I'm kind of looking forward to
this shower because oh what is that oh I
think I might show you my last matter my
shower gel of choice yok nog by lash
this was kindly given to me when me and
Mady went down to pool for a meeting
with them and the amazing Dave Dave if
you're watching love ya he showed us all
of the new Christmas collection which i
think is one of my favorite days I just
get so excited I love looking everything
oh he also gave me this pumpkin spice
lip scrub delish it smells like home
kind of like a very well baked
gingerbread it just smells so good
right out of shower and now it's time to
dry my hair okay now that it is abalone
dried I am going to curl it so the front
bits I use my tongs and then for the
rest I just use my straighteners
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
done okay now on to makeup and back
upstairs I'm doing my makeup up here
again you'll be pleased to know I did
say in one of my other vlogs that I need
to go back up there because let me just
make get my whole head in yeah I need to
go back up there because it's much nicer
to do my makeup up there and a little
not creating a mess downstairs so shall
we do today I'm gonna do me old trusty
old NARS I cut this on the other day and
I was like oh how I've missed you I feel
like the CC cream the it cosmetics cream
[Music]
now that it's colder doesn't seem to sit
on my skin nicely I need a lot more
powder
okay then I'm going to use a little bit
of the Maybelline instant anti age of a
razor and my collection lasting
perfection concealer okay so I use a
little bit of my daughter and I'm gonna
use my bronze goddess bronzer get a bit
of bronzer on this day just put on a
little bit of my NARS blush from this
palette I used this one and this one and
now I'm gonna do my brows with my angled
brush and my trusty a Stasia dip pomade
for my eyes I am going to use this
Victoria Beckham Beauty palette in Tweed
I put this on my story the other day
oh it's Beauty pretty or tunnel colors I
don't know what I did just the Browns
yesterday so maybe I'll dip into the
purpley shade or maybe the rust actually
I'll go for the rusty shade and I'm
gonna use this Pat McGrath labs fetish
eyes mascara and then we'll look for a
lip also just realize I'm doing that
thing where I'm doing my makeup but like
I don't need to be anywhere and I
actually do need to be somewhere I just
because I'm filming I just sort of
forgot I've not been very quick so any
diary up
- I have the M cosmetics lip liquid lip
in the shade French nude I've had this
for a disgustingly long amount of time
and I need to buy another one but hey ho
I really like the eyeshadow actually one
thing I might do is change I'm wearing
it I put a dress on with this jumper on
top but it's actually flippin cold out
so I think I might need some trousers
and a jumper instead I haven't actually
said here on the old camera but I really
want to try and film lots more this
month October is always well October is
always my favorite month as you guys
know what October and December and it
tends to be the month where I have like
the most going on so last year I
released my book so I was doing a lot of
stuff for that and like the deadlines
and that like events that we did so now
I don't have anything like that this
year I feel like I can really live in
the element of October it's the month
but I like to look back on a lot as the
seasons changing and it's just it's such
a nice time of year and but yeah right
heading into the office I was just on my
laptop features said away - scrambled
egg you think anyone's ever made and I
was like what morning chat
how should I show you this like they try
to show its goods on so today yeah hey
you it's been a long time coming but
merch is finally here as you know
friendships and love are two very
important things to me so I'm super
happy I could bring my dreams alike
I hope you don't feel as much as I love
I love our love on Friendship mark oh
yeah I already seen these designs I love
that one I love it hot when you sleeve
thanks man you're moving too quick I
can't I'm sorry yeah that was good you
know
[Applause]
look at us with all our fake hair Hey
look at this oh I can't be just going
through some of the lovely new bits in
the PA box so I thought I would share
some stuff with you because I know you
like to see little bits and pieces first
up we have Florence by mils which is
Milly Bobbi Brown's new makeup range
makeup and skincare I like the packaging
a lot what's this lavender Oh peel-off
mask me too oh and then this one is a
swimming under the eyes gel pads
oh I like the sound of that lip will
they are all cruelty free and vegan
thank you very much
gonna give these a try I like that are
they are they cream blushes yeah okay
not is next up we have these these are
by paper gang can we just talk about how
cute these illustrations are oh look at
these we need some of these Oh cute
you've got a card is that kind of like a
what's included in your box yes a to-do
list pad love that that's great
on a little notebook that's a really
nice box isn't it I love the
illustrations so much for anyone who
wants to know how paper gang works we
think of fun ideas for this coming
months box we work with illustrators
over the globe for our in-house team to
design products are illustrative
creations are brought to life and
stationery form and you can subscribe to
them where every month you just get an
adorable box of stationery and just
really lovely bits and pieces of your
stationery lover or if you know somebody
who loves stationery this is a really
great gift
just open this this is by the
illustrator Jody one-third Jody one
furred illustration and she put here's a
small gift to keep a little piece of
summer in a home hope you like it PS you
given me severe pumpkin everything at
the moment have a great Halloween how
cute is that
it's lots of different plants and house
plants but in the alphabet when you look
at things like this do you look at your
letter and you're like a big good yeah
mine's a good end yeah I like my one
that's so cool I love that Thank You
Jody you are very talented got some new
brushes by Real Techniques I'm a Nick
brush crush reignite these are exclusive
to boots look how pretty these the bays
are can't speak it's like holographic
what was that equipment agent saying
every time they get something good news
they realize that I'll tell you which
one I think um this one these little
fluffy ones are great for blush Thank
You summer neck you love those had a
little delivery from Pat McGrath Labs
wow that's so cool ah Zoey enjoy kisses
Pat oh wow wowie this is very luxe Thank
You Pat well Holly's going in for a
second layer that doesn't exist it's not
box of chocolates on it this all looks
so nice there what do we have we have
skin fetish sublime perfection
foundation which looks beautiful some
amazing brushes or powder another brush
which is super soft and then what's this
the sublime perfection primer and Oh two
more foundations I guess there'll be
different shades thank you so much I'm
so excited to give this a try
so this bar of Cadbury's that has
nothing written on it Holly has just
informed me
that Cadbury's are donating their words
for Age UK because lots of all people go
it's a time without talking to anyone
oh that's so cute
yeah and such a lovely idea yeah
campaign so thanks capris we'll share
this amongst the office it's time for
the great British is very quiet
everyone's really enjoying their profits
but a twosie bake-off and this week we
have Maddie's [ __ ] brownies which half
are gonna go for which one should I go
for this one what do they have in them
muddy so it's like a cookie face yeah
Double Stuf Oreos I didn't make up this
recipe that sounds delish oh well know
anything and as Lauren have once a vegan
one is the only one left Alfie might
have to try one no no you can have that
one I think Alfie might one this one
which means me
[Laughter]
[Music]
he's Sony Gil tomorrow I have a day here
and the girls from the office are coming
and we're gonna just take a little bit
of like homie autumn content and part of
that is an epic pumpkin spice cake I saw
on Pinterest and I was like oh my god
looks incredible I'm gonna try and
replicate it using the recipe that I
actually have on one of my really old
blog post that is the pumpkin spice
cupcakes so instead of cupcakes I'm
doubling the recipe and I'm gonna see if
it will make me three big cakes and I'm
pretty sure you'd like to bake along
with me so I thought I'd film it already
preheated the oven to 180 which I
actually don't know is right oh it says
190 on here I'm gonna do I'm gonna do
what it says although with most cakes
I feel like 180 is kind of foolproof
flour spices salt and baking powders
into a bowl
easy so plain flour so you'll need 280
times to 565 280 times 2
there may be questioned my mats are
already cracked like this then we need 2
teaspoons of ground cinnamon we also
need 1 teaspoon of ground nutmeg and 1
teaspoon of ground ginger and half a
teaspoon of ground cloves ground play so
I'm going to
a teaspoon of mixed spices which is
probably just the spices of thrown in
but wait let me check it's not like
curry powder I don't think yes we're
just a bit bad why doesn't it say what's
in that oh okay
this has two eggs in fine salt so half a
teaspoon so we need to do a teaspoon of
salt 2 tablespoons of baking powder like
a lot but I'm going to trust the recipe
1 teaspoon of bicarbonate for you in
here 110 grams so 220 400 grams of
caster sugar 10 tablespoons of brown
sugar
[Applause]
stir in the milk of pumpkin puree oh my
god I've had a whole millimeter the
whole time milliliters
instead of grams only with the butter
and the flour on the sugar I didn't
check I mean a mess we'll go for it now
might as well let you see what happens
I've been putting in like 400
milliliters can you check what 400
milliliters to ground this I open it
okay it's really not by much say always
check here electric scales 180
milliliters of milk would be what times
to 360 up computer how much of that do
we need 250 grams of pumpkin cooked and
pureed well this has been cooking puree
put this back to grams now shall we so
500 grams how much you get in a can or
495 person winning disgusting so you've
got to be careful not to overmix this so
you're literally just folding in the
flour really
and cakes are in their tens I have no
idea how when we should go in the ball
because I'm used to it being cupcakes
but I'm gonna say 20 to 25 maybe to 30
minutes now getting the cakes out of the
oven they were in there for about 27
minutes I'm not gonna lie I think I
might overcooked them to 25 it's not so
good and now I'm just gonna leave them
to cool and then I'll probably wrap them
up and pop them in the fridge because
I'm gonna decorate it I'm gonna put it
all together tomorrow so I'll look that
too because I feel like it would be
really unfair to leave you on a
cliffhanger I'd want to see so I'll film
that for you tomorrow I'm gonna catch up
on the circle now because I didn't see
last night's because I fell asleep for
like 8 p.m. like the granny I am and I'm
gonna watch last night's and then watch
tonight's and get my full dose of the
circle so I tell you guys all the time
how needing others I've been sat here on
my laptop look where she's gone she's so
cute this is all the time like I can't
even describe in the office today she's
being way more needy than normal in the
office today she would be on the floor
and she would just bark like you know
that funny cute little oh yeah to try
and get my attention because she wants
to get wala so I was ignoring look at
her me and then she started scratching
at my leg like frantically like no pay
attention to me and put me on your lap
mouth naughty how is that like she's
just so chill like that
I know head massage
Oh Phil's come to cut off his hair so
she's very distressed or exactas I've
come up to my office tomorrow is I'm
trying to be really quiet
getting his haircut tomorrow is our
seven year anniversary and I didn't know
what the heck to buy him because it's
just been his birthday and it's
Christmas in two months and Alfie's hard
to buy for no it's dead I thought we'd
do something I ordered these from M&S
I'm gonna save one for us to fill
together but I thought it would be nice
to print off some pictures and stick
them in
[Music]
I'm up here in the office Oh
[Music]
[Music]
good morning huh Oh Alfie was the last
one here anyone for a half-drunk
coca-cola lies today's one of those days
where I've got too much to do and
actually when you start adding up up
when you start having it up you realize
that you actually don't have enough time
in the day to get done what you actually
would like to get done in that day and
that's quite a panicked feeling
I don't like days like this if they're
late I'm heading out now
to get my brows done not too sure how
much you're gonna vlog today because
there's a lot going on and if I remember
to get my camera out I just think I'll
be a bloody miracle is our anniversary
morning this morning and the reason he's
in London is because he was on good
morning Britain this morning
and I'll be seeing him a bit later so we
can have some celebration later on first
thing to do this morning is getting my
brows done literally all I've done is
wash my face and brushed my hair
some clothes on wait oh did I lose my
glasses or have you bought them wait
it's missing butter brows done thank God
great start to the Friday right I need
to go home now because I want so much to
do okay we are now at a point where it's
time for me to decorate this well extra
large
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
look at that
oh that it's a little much perfectly
ratio image it's there should we try it
oh yeah on the
[Music]
