oh shut incredible Wow
[Music]
it's Friday it's the last day before
everyone is off for Christmas and my god
don't I bloody know it yesterday I
didn't film because I woke up in the
morning and actually like freaked that I
had so much to do you know when you just
have so many things in your head and you
just feel like you need to get them all
out so I made a list on my phones like
the longest to-do list in the world and
I was basically just making a day of
ticking off whatever I could on my list
most of which included like office
things swinging out emails like tying
off a little last bits before Christmas
so that is what I spent most of
yesterday doing and I didn't even think
about picking up my camera until like
half four and by then I was like I just
don't really feel like there's probably
much to film we then went to Zach Steve
Alexia's office party which they threw
dope Christmas office party which was
really nice
went to that and then came home fell
asleep woke up early start going to get
my brows done me and pop you're heading
to go and see Claire might actually have
grown to you mark
weirdly they go through phases where
sometimes they grow so much I think in
summer they grow more but they didn't
actually grow that much in the winter
time I also need to get back on using
the gel because that big old gap that I
have here I was using
the brow serum I want to get it right
with the one I was using rapping bro no
not wrap it bro
I'll try and figure it out my gates
closing on me and when I was using that
are you gonna keep doing that okay when
I was using that this gap filled in but
she did warn me if you stop using it
the hairs fall out and that's what's
happened so I'm saying this now so that
reminds me and I've got it in my brain
over Christmas over the Christmas break
I'm gonna be using that like every day
and see if they come back again so weird
brows are so weird I literally saw this
Mimi okay that was like if your brows
can recover from like the 90s then you
can do anything or something like that
probably get it wrong write them off
I've arrived so I have Chris Rose Ramsey
getting me through with their Christmas
special of shock mild annoyed which I
have to say is my podcast of the entire
year my favorite podcast of the entire
year I'm calling it I'm saying it now
it's bloody amazing and I've enjoyed it
so much this year but every Friday I
just get so excited so Chris and Rosie
your podcast wins wins 2019 for me brows
done just need to fill in these little
gaps when I do my makeup / feeling so
much more fresh
[Music]
running around quite literally trying to
write cards bloody hell
wrap presents um what else I'm an AK
pack away some of the last little bits
that I still haven't packed away from
New York and I'm just waiting for Maddie
to arrive but it's been about the sort
of time where I think if I jump in the
shower now she's gonna arrive so I'm
almost kind of like waiting for her to
arrive before I jump in the shower but
we need to leave in like an hour so I
need to at least work out what outfit
I'm gonna take with me and wear tonight
because I just have no idea do I just do
like a tight black dress with some biker
boots do I do a nice dress do I do a
shirt do I do a blazer mmm I have no
idea maybe I need to get muddy to help
me when she arrives but I need to decide
now I don't know why I think the longer
I stare at this the more are no wonder
where I'm sort of just thinking like
plain black knit dress but is that
really boring if I put lots of jewelry
on I don't know guys I feel like
everyone else will be wearing like
sequins and glitter and I'm just wearing
a plain black knit dress really boring
I think I'm playing it a bit safe
because I know I'll be warm comfortable
it's nice and figure-hugging well maybe
I could wear a blazer over the top of it
got this red blazer maybe I could wear
that on top damn I look nice if I do the
dress with the Blazer or am I going to
look like I worked at Butlins this is a
bit red Cote without the red trousers I
think I might try this fur go for a red
lip it's a bit much I won't be wearing
it the whole time maybe I can just over
the shoulder it I'm so bad at actually
putting outfits together
find it quite stressful I might have to
try this on before I take it because a
habit that I have is yeah I'll wear that
and I pack it take it with me put it on
and then I might not feeling it and
don't have any other options so I think
I might put this on just the check
I'm not sure I still can't work this out
let me pull this back and then with like
in the mirror I think the long with the
long doesn't look right to know what I
mean oh this is very hard you have to
imagine boots maybe go heels heeled
boots okay well this is option one and
I'm not sure option number two which is
I mean I'm gonna say I'm going for kind
of Harry Styles vibes I think I prefer
this but I'm gonna need heels because
these trousers are long and these are
high waisted these are as high as I can
pull them without getting serious camel
toe edge this with this shirt and I feel
like this shirt is like a big present
will have to wear a little top
underneath or change my bra maybe a nude
bra but I think I'm liking this one more
it feels a bit more you know put
together and obviously with hair and
makeup maybe a red lip you know tie it
all up but I quite like this that this
is like a feature like I've been wrapped
up like a present and maybe I can have a
blazer for over this got to try and work
out what shoes I'm gonna say boots but
they're gonna have to have quite a
chunky heel and I think the bottom of
these are going to get wet and ruined
but I think this is my winning outfit
all Zara
full Zara
and there's Maddy okay well I can get
Maddy's opinion I know it's for postie
great
he's got my light okay
come here I've got my light class so
very aware I just answered to the
postman with a fully see-through shirt
no mind I ordered on Amazon this is one
of our feet when we were in the air B&B
so simple and I don't know how I've
never done this before we have them for
our outside lights timers for inside so
in the air B&B the lady was like oh all
the Christmas lights will come on at
4:00 and then they'll go off at like I
think she said midnight 11:00 I was like
that's such a good idea because we have
so many and in the morning I run around
turning them all on and then at night me
and Alfie like shotgun not turn them all
off and he's like Oh and if I fall
asleep on the sofa he's like going on a
hunt to turn off all the Christmas
lights and it this will save us that
argument most evenings of who's gonna
turn all the lights off I'm just gonna
set everything on a timer and I set all
the Christmas lights around the whole
house on a timer oh gosh I don't know
how this works
that could be Maddy
saving energy by making sure they're
only on for certain time of day and it
also means we don't have that crawl
underneath the Christmas tree every
morning and every that either because
our lights all right under the Christmas
tree so yeah I'm really happy with my
Nana's Maggie I'm really happy with my
purchase well I just have to work out
how I kept these Maddy's here she's said
the outfits good good to go she's just
all these hideout fees present put it on
the bed don't blog that she's just
giving me my present I love excited to
open it where should I put this okay
much better if she did I found it
yesterday in her stash she's one of
these mums I have the statute or her
like paper of course you do she could
come this year I hate you have to make
me sum up the only condition is formed
in William Sonoma Oh which is good
perhaps me if I'd seen that I know
that's why you are so when I bought it I
was like she went into the shop she
would have probably bought them oh my
god how funny look flower shop cake make
some frosting so I can make my phone
case oh my god I am amazing yes so good
at pretend boy honestly I bought this
one ages ago and then saw this it was
like I've got to buy her company they do
know that so cold
[Laughter]
yeah I honestly don't every time I go
into a sub I put this hand bomb on Oh
excellent
this is so nice I think everyone needs
that yeah it does it really does
I don't know it's nice to start the year
with a new one oh my god thank you so
much you know how he probably would be
excited but oh good thank you a little
bit later on and we've this that was
probably Macy gosh Darcy already we are
having our Christmas do in cafe rust
they have this amazing room down in the
basement which sounds kind of scary but
it's really not and I'm just gonna walk
in and show you what we've done so far
because we're basic oh my god guys in
that time it's got dark
you come downstairs you come in through
the door oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] it's not
straightforward walking through that as
I thought I may have I didn't break it
no it's fine look how gorgeous is to
know who's going to be in her total
element in here so we've just been
decorating the table gone for some
foliage candles in jars little
arrangements and candle sticks and then
we've just done all the place names put
some stars out on the table and we've
got these little benches all the way
around like it's really cute
got some Ivy hanging here all the fairy
lights yes we did have some music on
obviously we'll have that on later and
then look at this no bar area with all
the like dried flowers and then this
little dancing area at the back which I
really yeah which I really hope you
utilize yeah I won't look like this
we're gonna head back to the office and
actually get ready but for now we're
just separating it all so that when
everyone arrives it looks really nice
but that is that is what we've been up
to for the last hour or so
we've also had a very special delivery
from the amazing guys at flavortown who
as you know is just the best cake
delivery ever and they've made us a
Christmas cake so I'm really excited to
see what that looks like because that's
upstairs in a box right now
oh is that Alfie Oh but yeah we're just
finishing off in here
[Music]
who decides come over hold but like
there's incredible wow oh my god guys
insane crazy is it the cheesecake
like my dog Wow
we'll probably need a very large knife
at some point
[Music]
[Music]
Carrie helped us out massively by
grabbing the crackers which we forgot
and now and the batteries for the lights
of God and banging into everything so
we're almost there now we just need to
light all the candles but we're gonna
head back now and get ready for the
party ones getting ready right I'm doing
my makeup
[Music]
nice little took shot she's gonna have
to be the quickest makeup I've ever done
what's the time oh okay
[Music]
we are now at the place that we're
having our dinner look how festive this
looks we've just shown Alfie look as you
come in look at the cake house let
flavortown business isn't that insane I
can't even make one of these look good
let alone it is many of them so insane
and then they've lit all the candles and
in the table good then we've got the bar
area look how festive this looks I'm
literally obsessed
[Music]
[Music]
jarppi
[Music]
with your number you take interns in the
order of which whenever you have picking
up whichever person he wants their
number one raise your hand
[Music]
[Laughter]
no I'm number seven you literally yeah
you've got one line okay so number one
gets to take the present and open it
player number two can then steal what
Holly has if you so wish o open some
house wanna be number one
once you steal so number three could
then come along that's me
[Laughter]
three four I take from her
and now mags has the opportunity to
either steal you can't steal directly
back now you know I still directly back
but you could steal Holly's yeah one
pregnant one present can only be stolen
three times the third time it's stolen
its probative so it's yours so some
people can get quite strategic because
if they see something they really want
they'll wait for it to be stolen twice
before they go in for it because they
know they'll keep it it's more fun to
steal more than open so if you if we all
open to the game would be over really
quickly so have fun from do you
immediately yeah
is that but one you know what it is and
you're gonna know okay yeah yeah but you
could you could also steal it back how
do you know what this is did you buy
this one I always move someone when they
okay
[Music]
[Laughter]
disco pool karaoke microphone it is also
fully charged you can open another one
now only this is what she really was
waiting to me Oh bubble wrap fragile
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah very secretive secret owner is it
you don't come for my part
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Music]
I want to say
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
and steal away we didn't do this tonight
for that I'm going for the step okay all
right then
you don't want like all there's so much
joy I've already got enough on my
bedside table do i if i open Holly's is
that game over okay I think I want you I
mean there's no point doing that is that
why oh yeah
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hands up if your presents frozen okay
you can take this back no that's frozen
now right
you opened Alfie Turk yeah
[Applause]
[Laughter]
you do with that icing you don't want it
I don't you've already got it you just
say that to everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
she's too scared to take from you let's
be honest no one's gonna take Molly now
[Laughter]
so really wants this so you would be
making that Christmas if you stole yours
Dan's really got it I don't have do I
end the game or not not right yeah but I
do wanna make so much
I think I've ever seen
Ellie quiz zero chance of winning not so
good with the music
[Laughter]
the main compartment in go 41 out of 60
yeah yeah four minutes two three
well that's way past my bedtime very
past my bedtime in fact technically
Saturday I also need to remove this
because it's bleeding into my chin we
are home we actually somehow ended up in
lucky voice it happens every year
everyone is drawn to that place and we
had a good old singsong for about 45
minutes
was it 45 minutes in the end or was it
that day yeah which was super nice just
smashed a piece and me staying and we're
all gonna head up to bed now I think me
too
goodnight everyone hope you enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll see you again
tomorrow because I'm gonna have a day of
making sure this house is as Christmassy
as humanly possible before Christmas Day
