I think of my
[Music]
morning it is early so I woke up at 6:00
a.m. this morning just because I knew I
had a lot to get done before we left
I've come downstairs I'm about to wrap
mums frame and upload my vlog and but
while I do that I have of course got a
Harry Potter on I think I think film one
is my favorite I'm not sure especially
around this time of year I feel like
film one feels the most nostalgic and
Christmassy because it has all that like
twinkly Christmas music in it and I'm
actually working with Sky cinema on this
little snippet of the vlog as starting
from tomorrow so the 23rd of December as
you're watching this all the Harry
Potter movies will be exclusively
available on Sky Cinema and they will
all be available to watch in Ultra HD
which is so cool which makes me so happy
as a sky user bloom in love sky to be
able to just whack on all the Harry
Potter films in high definition
at any point I want to over Christmas is
like I mean it's a Christmas present in
itself I'm really really happy about it
I'm not gonna lie also worth pointing
out it's the first time that the films
have been available to watch in Ultra HD
so being able to sit and watch it in
high definition
ultra-high definition means that it will
truly bring the magic to life of Harry
Potter and you'll probably end up seeing
things you never saw before like an
extra little wrinkle or I don't know
more detail on the clothing I'm just
very excited about it I love Harry
Potter you guys know that I mean look
what I'm about to go so yeah that makes
me very happy I'll probably come home
later and carry on watching it it's
gonna be a very Harry Potter field day
and I love that oh my god you know when
you plan an outfit on and you look in
the mirror and you're like something
doesn't look right
something looks
slightly different but I can't work out
what it is I didn't cut my brow run this
morning I just got up got changed forgot
to put on my bra I never do that that is
how half-asleep I am it's on now great
I'm supported how funny that would have
been a really um loosened relaxed trip
today walking around probably would have
discovered about halfway through you
didn't have a bra on my timers have
worked all the lights are coming on I'm
very happy there's another Hey oh I
didn't say actually I finished off the
stairs yesterday by putting these little
gold stars on as well which I think
looks very pretty they're the ones we
used at the office Christmas party I
stole them they were ours I stole them
from the office and brought them here
right makeup and then wrapping I've got
about 20 minutes left until we need to
leave and it's still absolutely
pitch-black outside I kind of like an
early start though I feel really awake
makeup done I'm doing well what's the
time how long we got I said we'd leave
it like 20 past quarter past okay 707
let's keep going
it's also my Nan's birthday on the 27th
so I'm wrapping her birthday present as
well as well as the frame might need
alphas help with the frame because the
frame is so big I'm not actually sure
how I'm gonna wrap it but we'll see
[Music]
got to keep this quick we're obviously
on our way but look at this it looks
like we're filming it like 5:00 p.m.
morning yes I'm excited are you excited
it's gonna be a feel so fairly good so
we're safe now and I mean I'm confused
what we just had a podcast on your phone
and also I want to switch it to my flame
for the drive a switch to incur it on
playing and we listen to the same
podcast again but we're listening to the
same
[Music]
I'm very excited eyes a lovely Christmas
tree imagine that in your garden
[Music]
look how magical what house do you think
you'd be in Alfie have you ever done the
quiz don't think I have oh let me try
and guess and then we'll do it later
I think you'd be I think Arthur would be
Gryffindor very good friend or you'd be
what we'd be slithering or Gryffindor
yeah definitely wonderful turn one of
the two you'd be I think you'd be
Gryffindor you know I think I might be
achievers he had two thousand scars he
went through sit there at lunch and just
peel them off his head because it was so
uncomfortable so every about five times
a day the makeup team had to cut one of
those senses over his head Alveston
assume our cornerstone of a latex things
on our time and he would - yeah how big
is that chair I think that's a really
small chair the house was really small
like really like like a child's chair I
think he much smaller I think the size
of my hand
I think ask Claire she'll know it looks
quite tiny
not actually can't contain it
to make it a little bigger than it is to
see it's about that big no way this
little tiny chair I know it's really key
I think that's the point
[Music]
every single I made it actually gives me
black lines and no one would ever know
it could absolutely pop from now
all the ingredients are real apart from
Michael and it's about leeches lacewing
flies over the whole practice which is
your favorite
[Music]
I think mine's the locket although I
quite like the diary I thought that was
homemade it was diary
it's just one yeah
[Music]
mum's perfect job the set team were
asked to find things to fill these
cupboards and on the one condition that
they didn't know what it was or what it
did which is so cool the Triwizard cut
[Music]
lover
[Music]
I love it yeah
[Music]
when
[Music]
[Applause]
10 10 10
this is so magical is now
it's cool isn't it
[Music]
straight through the wall going into the
Hogwarts Express oh I love it actually
you remember trains being like their
[Music]
smell of the speed
[Music]
are you sniffing it
there's a handprint in that one see on
the window look there they are
with all their sweets and the trolley
that's so cool in here now
the letter this is one of my favorite
Harry Potter facts most of the time it's
not actually robbie coltrane
it's an animatronic head on top of
Robbie Buhl dreams what was his name
very lifelike though imagine wearing
that apparently one of my favorite bits
will be animatronic unlike like the
creatures I selects and how everything
new
Wow they must have taken so long it
about eight weeks to make from start to
finish
Harrison Davis used those arenas for
Annabelle Davis she was twelve people
Wow
six years old honestly face is wrong if
I was six years old we had to put that
all in I would have nightmares I think
that would give me nightmares
their dad was on sex you into it oh
that's okay then these are just these
masks I kind of want to put I would kind
of want to just put one on to know what
it feels like they're just so so
lifelike look at those nails
[Music]
Wow
[Music]
this is amazing how long did this take
for them to do six months
[Music]
this is so cool
[Music]
it's huge well as the actual one isn't
hello mate these chandeliers this this
is actually one of my favorite scenes I
love this scene look at Harry at the
back coming through right in the back
oh my god
[Music]
my favorite Diagon Alley oh look at you
you fit right in
[Music]
should have brought your clothes I love
this bear this is Harry's first view of
Diagon Alley down here a tree honest
I've never really looked at it from this
way down because we always cut walk up
and go round
[Music]
Wow
oh yeah course it's his first view of
the Wizarding World
[Music]
how cool
[Music]
which room would you up
I would go Dumbledore's little the
little three little bits coming off
there that's why I was literally about
to say that I think I'll be great yeah
just quickly these pictures are my god
present for you yeah it's an extra
Christmas present
[Applause]
yeah maybe just unwrapped like on one
side these things that will take you a
while to look through them all you
didn't say well that's amazing
[Laughter]
yeah it's quite big we're home and
honestly that was so much fun I feel
like I got something in my teeth no my
nan just had the best day and she cried
like multiple times she was like I'm
just they're just happy tears this is
the best day of my life and I was just
like oh my god she's so cute
so I'm really happy that she had like
the best day she just kept saying over
and over again like how amazing it was
so so thank you very much to the Warner
Brothers Studio Tour to Emily and also
to the lovely Claire who took us around
and just gave us like Oh
wealth of Harry Potter facts and
knowledge we honestly just had the best
time it was like the perfect morning I
don't know I feel like also going around
with a guide like someone who like knows
all the stuff you see everything so
differently like you learn so much more
so that was really fun and now I just
want to put Harry Potter right back on
the TV and finish watching where I had
to stop to leave because it's just so
magical
honestly just going there makes you want
to re-watch all eight films backed back
which does anyone remember me and Holly
did that last January we watched every
single Harry Potter film backed back
kind of want to do it again but also
just having like a bit of a tidy up
because we've got Steve Alexia poppy
Sean Zack and Lafayette coming over
tonight for a little friend mess so I've
been running around tidying up sorting
everything out lighting some of the
candles
once I've like got everything ready and
lit everything I'll do like a little
mini like Christmas house tour because
there are some little areas of the house
I haven't really shown much of and I
really really love how they look and how
I've styled them so I'll do that once
I've lit all the candles and got
everything like cosy and sorted for when
they come so one of the things we were
saying in Harry Potter Studios was what
house do we think healthy is oh okay so
I'm gonna do the quiz how long's this
take
oh no your tails
alight tails oh no I think it's ready
what do you think it's gonna be feel
like I'm going to brave and claw but I
want to be a Slytherin are you gonna be
a ravenclaw I knew it
I've got I'm now on to chamber of the
seat chamber of the secrets chamber of
secrets and it's starting to look very
festive firm down there is super festive
lots of candles of even put a puzzle out
you can let it go if you want the
Christmas jumper on this where's this
from
I think I want to say beyond retro or
something like that a retro the basis
retro things I've forgotten the name of
it but before everybody arrives I've
just gone round and lit all the candles
and made it all look nice so I thought
I'd show you love festive touches so up
here I've got some battery lights and
I've just put some of the foliage that
we had at the party along here which
looks really nice when you zoom out
I have got my plum and Ashe V Advent
candle which smells incredible I've got
my book open on the festive page worth
noting a lot of canapes we're ready to
go some old wine napkins these are the
ones I bought in the HomeSense video
candle some more like just dried
Christmassy bits the rest of this cake
some of it has gone from the other side
but I thought let's display it this way
because we have so much left over I'm
hoping between all six of us we can at
least get down to this bottom layer
tonight obviously the tree down here
which I finally finish
and has basically all my favorite ball
balls on it I'm gonna just pan up so you
can slowly see I put the jellyfish what
is my favorite on here this is one I
bought in New York actually I like that
it's a little Sunday I also really like
this coca-cola one peanut butter there's
a little almond milk which I quite like
I mean it's covered in fancy crazy
really random bubbles but I love it it's
got this little festive corner and a
wreath on the door then in here just got
some lights around this glass panel and
some candles on the table and then this
is one of the fireplaces just got
candlesticks flamingos and some like
really colorful baubles may have saw a
little bit of this in yesterday's video
where I was putting this up but it looks
nice now it's all lit up and there's my
kawaii bar car all lit up ready to go
this is like one of my favorite areas so
we've got the piano candlesticks a
little star and a little gold tree and
then this ready to be played with some
Christmas songs hopefully and then this
which I'm also obsessed with is this
fireplace so we've got a little
selection of trees down here
and then a little lantern some paper
like decorations but jar with fairy
lights a hurricane lamp with a candle in
this candle my mom got me for Christmas
I love it and I'm never gonna light it
because I think that would look like
something from your nightmares little
tea light holders
tiny little white trees and then some
star candlestick holders oh that candle
is already really dripping what the hell
okay
with the big candles on so I really like
this one
stairs all finished and cozy and then in
here this is this fireplace all finished
with our stockings up I realize that
accidentally spelt spar which I kind of
think I want to rearrange and then Zam
it looks like I've tried to make words
which further spars an maybe spa
Shantay Tarzan goes to the spa we've got
a little jingle cushion I've lit some
candles we've got the wreath turned on
the tree I've put the basket of throws
here and then a little sign that says
the most wonderful time of the year I
love this little area a lot and I've
also put out a puzzle if we want to do
one yeah
should it so take our fancy yeah it's a
500 piece to tulip they're a bit bigger
I reckon we've got this easy yeah
although we'll have to light the fire
and open all the windows probably yeah I
think we did but everyone just got too
hot yeah and then Nana's got her little
Christmas jumper on look at you you're
all Christmassy - look our first step is
looks everyone's here now let me see
your jumpers turn around oh look at you
I love that you two have a white
Christmas bear alexis has hugged me in
hug me in where'd you get yours I love
that it's got bells will Elmo's fur I
think we all did right most of us wine
with a sauce but like though you know
the retro thing on a sauce
yeah I surrender a minute be mauled by
someone else already read about old
start I'm not sure I just this is just
the best idea ever just stitch it Teddy
on we've got all the little nibbles what
you gone for all along oh maybe I like
it I've not see gone okay oh my god is
she actually
[Music]
we're now playing a game yes Steve right
so ladies vs. blokes two different
things in here could be someone famous
could be a landmark could be a film
something that's that you can easily be
set up so yeah three rounds is it three
rounds Lexington fast okay four rounds
first round is you pick out a name you
get a minute between your team and
you've got to describe the thing that's
on that and hope they get it so you try
and get through it without a minute pass
over to you guys are do the same second
round is Oh second second round is
mining so you got to act out the thing
that you have on the paper third round
is one word to try and get people to
figure out what is on the paper then
fourth round is you're under a sheet
which we have here soon sheet on [ __ ]
and then you know you can't use any
audio to help you just be my favorite
round you have to act it under the sheet
we played this yesterday it won't
therefore I'm actually one of the words
in here was tablecloth so Alexa had a
very easy one so she look she got down
on all fours and you guessed it yeah of
course okay first round is I've just got
it it's a bad shoes
[Music]
okay okay probably the most famous names
call you've ever heard of buzz best end
tell me what is french revolution does
this we think we was nice all the time
[Laughter]
time's up we did you wanna settle out by
the way I just get loud yeah just get
excited okay I get it okay so in this
room what these are so easy literally
why so we're gonna get moved no I did oh
yeah I suppose I knew I was gonna get
the time miming round one two three go I
love Steve playing games oh I left 16
seconds [ __ ]
[Music]
[Applause]
Bravo yes oh oh you needed me on your
team for that one yeah steady on Jack
yes Harry Potter
oh sorry Steve I'm not sure I quite
heard that pronunciation Hank you do
[Music]
null is taking a seat on Zak steady
[Laughter]
mayonnaise don't say yes oh my god
they're getting the goodies and boppin
oh I know that right that was great
[Laughter]
your head Jennifer Aniston
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
you're very surprisingly easy to get to
get them
it wouldn't be easy if you had that
first round though not at all
[Laughter]
