hello everybody it's Saturday and today
I'm with my mum look how lovely she
looks like a like a teacher you look so
stylish and Alfie and we just about to
go and pick up Amanda and the forever
I'm going to the o2 to see Joe and Diane
do their thing for the live strictly
tour how many of they that how many were
will they have done by the time we watch
tonight thirty overall no don't think
it's that many or maybe 26 I think
they're up to
so yeah we're gonna go and watch them
see how they get on it's been really
nice seeing little snippets on so sure
like when other people have gone I just
can't believe he's been doing it solidly
for like this long what's he gonna do
with it's over he's got nothing else to
dance to we're gonna be crazy but it'll
be really fun to see it live and to see
everybody else and all their dances
you're not coming though sorry about
that no dogs allowed
not my rules please take me she always
follows me everywhere because she thinks
I'm gonna go without her Oh walked into
the door let see I said to half we were
leaving and now he goes to change are
you wearing the same outfit oh you've
changed
Brian no are you you excited to see Joe
and Diane perform tonight I am I'm
really excited I love that we're taking
our mums we've never done anything all
just the four of us I don't think one of
the moms is Joe's mums Wow
yeah I know but it's like a little
months now I said we're taking our mums
yeah yeah
what do you mean my mum's the same is
Joe's mum no bringing our mom
James mum this is my mum
different mom
[Music]
like what the hell
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
such biggest objects
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
will surely come dance it is a very very
tough physically demanding as a people
who believe
[Music]
Islands
[Music]
very loudly a duelist basically nice
like the tool I'm going to worry about
she was
[Music]
this fine
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Josefa
did you tell you to teacher those
payments that we this measure this is
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
why she might win so I'm just gonna keep
going each individual this room is like
a weird hidden room 11 it everyone
having a good time amazing amazing may
think fabulous but never my tickets
distribute all Joe wasn't honor this is
genuine
yeah it's really fun
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I wasn't even up bruno's
[Music]
here we go
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
no particular
[Music]
that will do
[Applause]
[Music]
with the most
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
exit 4 is so surreal I remember sitting
on them for to be here
an incredible experience in that
forgetting
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
it's all finished and we've come back to
the hotel to wait Joe and Diane to come
out wasn't that so good I longed it like
so there honestly it's such good like
fun to see I'm like God like surely a
wealthy insane a dancing yeah the most
amazing evening incredible so we like
dancing
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
good morning everybody
it is Monday morning and myself and
Alfie are walking into town it's a
lovely sunny day isn't it nice is
actually not very nice yeah I loved it I
thought I'm really left the house much
this week because I've not felt well so
it's nice to get a bit of vitamin D get
a bit fresh air hate looking when
there's people around this video I feel
like blog shy at the moment because I
haven't done it in so long
anyway this morning it is currently a
week off I've set myself which was one
of my goals this year to allow myself
proper time off but booked it in in
advance so in January I sat down and I
booked certain weeks off where if I knew
I had a really busy period I could take
that week to meet with friends I could
still vlog I see don't see this is
working necessarily but just no
decisions or office time or meetings or
just none of that stuff so that's what
this week is for me kind of like her
well know just like every time I like
Sofia in the office really will be
wearing a wanted honey yeah just like
how other people booked off holiday
me and Alfie don't we tend to like wait
for a spare minute and actually that's
not working Christmas yeah we wait for
Christmas
and that's just it's just stupid so
that's what I decide to do so this is
the start of my week off which I'm
excited about but we are currently
walking to meet the rest of the team
because we are going to have a little
team celebration for the new exciting
project that is coming out next week
surely you can say it by the time this
program this mugs gonna go up before
then they were all just coming out to
celebrate that as an office as a team
with brunch so I don't class this is
stop meeting French it's a celebration
yeah celebration just the two this song
is on and we're like look at your zinc
any hashbrowns I've gone for the
pancakes and berries and I had forgotten
how massive I think it's increased I
don't remember them being this big
everyone else we've got bears as well
exciting good morning everybody
it is now Sunday and I haven't really
filmed too much of the week because I
have had a very chilled one it's been
very nice but we do have some guests
staying with us last night and today
make a noise each and they can guess who
it is that's one noise Joe and Diane
hi what's up welcome slot school you
think we don't give you any slack at
this black school they've been doing
this all night now practice makes
perfect
yeah it's the trick to sing why you do
it oh oh
did someone nearly fall because I heard
a noise upstairs our boys to do a 360 no
be afraid honey yeah what if you've got
a tour soon and you can't be it like
injured like that we're all in red in
honor of Diane we're all wearing red
he's got red underpants on yeah
oh you're gonna get run over we're
heading out for breakfast we're going to
the ivy
which is very exciting I love an IV
breakfast I think I'm gonna go for the
pancake what do you think Kim
you know I'm thinking always brag we're
faking salmon I think you'll go baby oh
I didn't even think the bacon am i yeah
all right Joe how does it feel it's been
bright with oh look at the little insta
bat backdrop food has arrived
they're called pomegranate seeds did you
just drop singing in the street
right Zions gonna get her ears pierced
and Jones oh yeah we can do that and
Joe's getting his nipple pierced lip are
you going for
yeah Westar you're right both chain
connecting now let's go this way I want
to show Diane all the like cute little
of this lay anyways oh here we go
oh they go guys go on go in and take it
it's yours
oh it's to smell back smell versi smells
fresh sea air
do you like hair this is my mission make
Joel of brightens already sold are you
seriously doing that oh oh God
be careful it's quite high up oh why
don't you let Dan sit on your shoulders
[Music]
[Laughter]
good enjoy your neck
[Music]
I can't jump there
you've got this doing go 14 7 5 3 2 1
lower yourself down first
that's it now just kick off it's all you
should be Hylian there but there's no
forward 3 6 look at Joey looks like he's
gonna walk straight into the sea let's
see how far in he goes there is no
choice he's gonna go anywhere near there
Joe is like buzz you scared so I did a
poor job but it's too scared to actually
go too close to it
[Music]
we've been collecting shells lining them
up inside is like Rafi and it's fine it
doesn't look very arty it hardens
I feel so what's the word Indy right now
there's always one any buns day I quite
like this one because you could also
have another thing that is so cute isn't
it yeah that's very fashion-forward that
when I was younger I would find stuff
like this to give to my mom for Mother's
Day and stuff oh you could put it on a
necklace too yeah anyway no belly button
or bum hole there's a little belly bones
yes my sure your favorite thing is that
although there's another bellybutton
stone
I love how we're putting them all on
Diane I know mi a mantelpiece Joe's
creating a little wall of rocks that we
have to knock down oh wow
I think he's trying to replicate this at
the moment yeah What did he say what a
great pyramid of India oh the Great
Pyramid of Brighton yeah they so cute
like this give me your coin I think it
goes that way two things stand alone
kindness in another's trouble courage in
your own but have courage today in your
adventures and come back to visit xodar
for more wisdom you must also get face
no fortune your ears pierced
standard-setting directives got a fat
already set must be once a billing
standard-setting directives you set must
be followed but the important thing is
self Reformation
[Music]
and listen to the proverb from Zoltar a
smile is worth a hundred pounds graph
two quickly Zoltar has more to say for
you if one day you achieve self-control
and return to what is right the world
will acknowledge you is a person at his
best
being the best must come from you
yourself one cannot acquire it from
others look at nothing which is contrary
to what is right listen to nothing speak
nothing and do nothing to what is right
you will then be a person at his best
self was deep
it's like hear no evil see no evil speak
no evil mine Diane's going for the slaw
once you get one second before you
coming forward again now give this one
yes
my god
all right here we go next up
Zoe now fee we went like pink pink say
harder
good
here we go who's won
[Music]
yeah we're at the tin can I like to
watch everybody do it I don't like to do
it all at the same dance fry so you're
good at darts wait
Zoe don't forget your pens on your cars
aren't ready no no no
okay yeah yeah go on you got this yes
go on get so close yes our you got this
you got this yeah get that one get that
one going
oh don't tread on the cracks in case you
pull in your other back it's brilliant
for me another man look how beautiful it
is today so nice one day what a day an
ice cream yeah weird or not
right we're doing the dolphin game I
[Music]
don't wanna win so what number go and
Diane have come into the office we're
showing Diane she's she's having a guest
photo I've got some we've got some
treats if you ever want to come to
Brighton and have a day working oh my
god we come in and join us just dancing
there so you should like a word yeah you
can have this little room in here yeah
ions on the wall yes I am office gasps
and little Americana I think how happy
is that he's not stuck in that tin can
he's small definitely got bigger since
been yeah but his brothers and sisters
are all still there and that's right
come on let's go back we need to get
back to our own child
speaking of lonely
speaking of lonely things reasonably I
was talking to Diane by the way Freddy
on what Chad imagined so we came back
and took Nala out and chills Joe did
some video starts I don't we do some
videos reignite agree whoa relight it is
fire and now we're gonna head back out
this Lighting's are not the most
flattering I'm gonna head back out and
go for a roast our favorite scent of
rice it's a new collab the word roast
makes me so excited does it make you
salivate yeah um you need to take that
off the Joe and Donna just packing up
their bags and we are gonna head out Oh
yeah to be famous
okay good not I'm waiting for you to get
your pair
[Music]
Oh
[Laughter]
[Music]
I'm literally need that job of getting
my car Diane do you often speak to J's
Tammy Diane Jo's pregnant the growing
lads my trousers do you think it should
be what the only thing you should be
scared of is about these trousers why oh
cool they are why are you walking like
that
Joe we're marks Charles I kind of like
it was wearing my trousers they'll be
dragging on the floor yeah
roast it's been had what do you think
guys I can't see but I can he ever heard
of my life is just in here what is it
really yeah no Museum and we keep
slowing down us stupid places that's
very bright colored doors it was this
ratio on the left and we just call it
into an alpha-strike
that's just my ps4 no you wanted to get
I was the sensible one in that situation
yeah this song for the Rebs you miss
this house Joe no I hated that you felt
on edge
yeah well constantly waiting outside
yeah wasn't fine bring your doorbell ask
you to come in I know it's really
[ __ ] idiot actually a few people did
us so we had to keep these all these
windows along here shut all the blinds
shut so you can see up into the landing
yeah and the front door used to be
completely clear wasn't that hilarious
yeah we called the press we had to get
the plastic put on so that people
couldn't stir into it's raining listen
it's not rain yeah yeah definitely I
mean dude that's good timing it's
absolutely hammering it down oh did you
say I do
since word wasn't fair
maybe it's signing up when you're here
now but then it rains as you need first
time I come with a girlfriend ingress
sunny and then when you're leaving it
rains it's Diane that brings the Sun
yeah she's dying
she's dying I know Diane start a tall
tell about the tour and then they can
get tickets yeah Missy I think rehearsal
tomorrow here comes the girls and if you
google it you come the girls calm got
something got a you slash forward slash
back and / / / / there is but it
constantly brighten as well Tunbridge
Wells and maybe Worthing we're thinking
working and swing but I just got sent
the script and it looks very good so you
don't want to miss it
yeah we're gonna come in there the girls
are you gonna go to some giant been many
as I possibly can if we the loudest ones
she's actually really good no to2 long
Wow
Joe is gonna fall out or gonna take Wow
you sit down you've waited so long that
you don't even get
[Laughter]
that's me every time really no I swear I
do not sit around when I have a poo just
straight brewing to that point yeah do I
need a poo or not you've got to know
when you've got to go you've gotta go
109
what's your ratio of ghostie to Nando
sleepiness what is go seek where you
going to ye
there's nothing double ghosty then you
look for the PO it's gone didn't I cash
it or not you're wiping is not there but
now that you say that yeah yes I'm done
with those people this is what our
conversation has got to another thing
[Applause]
good bye good bye thank you so much for
coming I hope you had a wonderful time
this time just riding brines my new
favorite place
Joe loves it you don't wanna admit he
loves it no I've been jointed a lot too
okay I've spent on here yeah I win
that's low I'm gonna win slot anyways
you sign these and then have you got
your slop with you ah you're about to
leave oh there he is
memento Joe and Diana I've just left and
me and Alf are gonna run a bar Oh bright
in here I think I'm gonna end this here
but I hope you've enjoyed today coming
along on our little adventures but also
enjoyed all of the strictly clips I feel
like this is a very Joe and Diane vlog
that is pretty much the highlights I was
spinning mister away okay pretty much
the highlight of
I really hope you enjoyed this glove and
I would be again next week where I have
lots of things that I want to blog and
something very very exciting which I'm
really hoping it you're going to love so
yeah thanks for poetry again
