the 25b my stressful day we are wrapping
[Music]
morning happy Christmas Eve to you as
you're watching this is Christmas Eve
Eve otherwise known as the day you panic
and realize you have nothing and it's
Christmas Eve tomorrow and then it's
Christmas Day and you want to enjoy
Christmas Eve so you try and cram in
everything you need to get done today
the 23rd the most stressful day I woke
up this morning and I was like we need
food we need food for Christmas Day I've
made a shopping list it's 8:50 and I'm
gonna try and head out first port of
call is M&S then we'll see what they've
got I basically want to call in the
caterpillar cake I'm not gonna lie I
have a feeling they won't have any but
Lucy probably won't film an M and ass
because let's be honest it's gonna be
like Christmas trolley walls in there
but I'll report back and I'll let you
know how I get on I also need to come
back and edit my video so hopefully this
won't take me too long I'm literally
gonna do like a trolley - like I'm on
that program
uh what's that program that really cool
one supermarket sweep just imagine that
that's what it's gonna be like except I
don't have another person on my team
because I forgot to go into the office
so it's just me my reusable bags and my
trolley
my god I really hope they have stuff in
stock I've definitely left it too late
it's already looks like hell on earth
it's 9 a.m. and the car park is full
done actually got quite a lot off my
list but I did not get a Colin Christmas
Colin oh well I don't know why I thought
I'd get one on the 23rd I got quite a
lot of stuff we need it I do still have
some other bits to do and I'm
contemplating whether I go home and edit
my vlog or quickly popped after but I
feel ours is gonna be just as busy I
don't know what to do where do I go I'm
gonna head back food is all in the
fridge it's actually a much later on
I've edited my vlog got that up got a
little bit of Buble on in yesterday's
video I was like oh my god I nearly left
for that bra I've not been wearing a bra
all day and I've been out shopping and I
didn't realise until just now and the
time is about half past 1 why is this a
thing I keep doing how am I forgetting
to put my bra on I think this is what
happens if you shower at night shower at
night you put on your cozies you get
into bed you don't put bra on and get
into bed next day and I've got to be up
I don't jump in the shower because I
showered the night before
don't power on it's just weird that I'm
not feeling the difference I think it's
because I've been wearing little vest
tops under every outfit because it's
been so cold and clearly the vest top is
making me feel as though I don't need a
bra [ __ ] they tripped what else we need
to do I need to do the dining room
Christmas tree and I want your thinking
why bother you probably take it down
like three days after Christmas you're
right but we spend a lot of our day in
the dining room because we're having
dinner and we're playing games I don't
think that was a very secure
spend a lot of time here and this is
just a very bare space so I'm going to
put the tree up in there probably do it
in a second I've got to try and get the
Christmas tree up the stairs it's quite
heavy let's see if I can do it you're
right we doing oh yeah she's been a bit
naughty today pushing the boundaries
right let's get this bloody tree out
also yesterday will be another day where
I probably don't put my bra on I don't
really put makeup on however I do need
to go back out to the shops later cuz
there are a couple of things I forgot as
I said so I'm gonna be dragging our feet
with me because what I went through this
morning on my own
I don't want had to be repeated thank
you very much actually had heart
palpitations I was being so like smiley
and happy to everybody and it wasn't
really well-received by you to move past
them and I'd be like oh excuse me sorry
there was a lot of heads down focused
don't have time people didn't have time
to apologize they had their sprouts to
get I get it but I just I can't handle
that like I just saw
[Music]
tree is done I've also had some lunch
I'm going to make a start on the table
for tomorrow I do need to buy some like
dinner candlestick candles so I'm hoping
I'm gonna be able to get those by me and
Alfie go shopping but I can at least put
the majority of stuff down on the table
now I think every year I do it on
Christmas Eve and I just rush it and I
don't enjoy it as much so I think if I
spend a bit more time on it I'll enjoy
it that's like the lamest thing I've
ever said I really enjoy setting tables
out okay I just like it
[Music]
okay so just quickly because you've
already just watched me doing all of
this I'm just going to do a little up
close I'm trying to burn these pillar
candles down enough so that they're not
coming over here so I'll leave those on
for the evening pillar candles take so
long to burn I don't know why I don't
buy them more so I've got these little
like lanterns hurricane lamps then I've
got the leftover foliage from the party
which is dry but still smells incredible
and actually quite like when it looks
dry and I've got the candlesticks some
stars I've got gold charger plates and
then gold and silver cutlery
these glasses are from hmm I use them
all the time I love them and these ones
are as well cutlery is Anthropologie
plates are John Lewis napkins
Anthropologie napkin rings no idea hmm
goes with the glasses I think that's
about it really but I'm really happy
with this that I've created today my
little dining room Christmassy setting
and then we'll put like the turkey and
all the sides like around because this
is kind of impractical because you can't
lean over unless we serve up in the
kitchen which actually is probably a
better idea to be honest I think maybe
we'll do that serve up in the kitchen
then it's less stuff to wash up anyway
but yeah there we go that is the dining
room kind of done I'll probably think of
something else I need to put crackers on
here at some point as well but I'm happy
with that look who's home for Christmas
home for Christmas let's go to the shop
that is the hardest ever now and then I
realized joking you can stand up no not
one I'll break your your arm no no no oh
my god is there anything to jump the
other one over there
No then you stand up for that no I don't
want to do that no come on let's go
where are we going Tesco maybe Waitrose
yeah is it gonna be real busy I have no
idea because if it is my statement he
leads on faster
no matter what it is you can't working
Lisa Tesco come on have you [ __ ]
yourself no these are just really
unflattering which is it pull them up
really high under your boob
maybe so the last trip we need to do to
go out and get something I think right
after this we've got everything we need
in the house are you joking you're going
to go back into town tomorrow that's
okay I like Mars bars move in that video
what you went oh no that's what I said
Oh buddy are you going to the gym or
meeting oh boy this is my gym this is my
meeting oh that's it I did oh now you're
gonna start your vlog and you're gonna
do it 500 times good morning guys you're
worrying are you okay it's time to do a
whole video
I'm literally ready to go good morning
guys oh wait there's paper in the bottom
good morning guys well so not the
morning oh it's not the morning oh [ __ ]
it's actually not the morning what's the
time pop sticks guys this horse of six
and eight spend some time with your
friends person family was from loved
ones hmm it's just that time of year yep
so he's probably vlogging me blah yeah I
so your new faith song good want to know
what it means
what watermelon sugar yeah a watermelon
sugar high water in maybe Harry will
leave a comment we are done I was sent
to Alfea there was one thing on the list
I just couldn't find and it's not
Christmas without it quality Street not
everyone's favorite but me is the most
traditional of specific chocolate tins
and I was like we can't I mean I've
already had an e in an entire tin I
think we got them in like end of October
but not meant we needed a new one and
then as we were leaving after we've paid
spot I mean like a pyramid by the
self-checkout so we grabbed them and
some more celebrations because they seem
to be everyone's favorite so yeah we are
now done we don't need to leave for
anything but going to your mum's
tomorrow - no good that is we do need to
remember saying it as if it's like xx to
the line does feel good these are the
heaviest bags in the world though
because we unless you're we were buying
all the booze unless you're just
plucky's stacked we've packed everything
away just eaten some chocolate and Alfie
is running a bar whoa this looks good oh
one of my favorites this is honestly one
of my favorite shower gels sleepy-bye
lush the smell of this is phenomenal I
love it oh I can't wait to get in this I
feel like I've not had enough baths this
progress you know me usually I'm at
least or like 2 or 3 baths so we
kind of go and I just haven't had the
time so I'm gonna thoroughly enjoy this
maybe I'll get in now before he gets in
so I can have some like calm out the
bath got a Harry Potter on and we are
wrapping so the wrapping paper that
we've gone for for our fees family
because they ran out of the one that we
were wrapping in all that sounds very
loud
is this from Paper Chase with the little
gingerbread men on and I'm doing a
little decoration and then the gift tag
so I've actually done quite well and
there's another one over there and
that's all I'm gonna show because this
is going to go up before Christmas Day
and I don't want them watching this and
trying to work out what it is so I think
I'm just going to sit here and do a bit
more wrapping I've also wrapped my
Secret Santa presents we do a Secret
Santa stocking which we open one present
on Christmas Eve and then in the evening
on Christmas Day after we've had dinner
we sit down and open the stockings and
there's like a price limit and you get
one person it's just a bit of fun and
we've said that we'll all do them in
brown paper so none of us guess who
we've actually got oh so I've done most
of my stockings persons presence as well
I'll see what you doing
oh by the way we're both wearing these
matching PJ's by Chelsea Piers who
kindly sent them to us in the office
they look fabulous your laptop hates you
yeah aren't they
I'm not sure I'm looking job is just a
lot to speed the quote piece of clothing
I'm managing I'm not sure that I really
like them all so I've discovered a new
favorite Christmas
snack flash biscuit bees by M&S are
literally the best biscuits I've ever
eaten they are so good
extremely chocolatey milk chocolate
rounds more chocolate than biscuit I
can't even like I've only had two
because I mean they're quite filling but
they're so good
I'm kind of sad I only got one box these
are gonna be gone by Christmas Day
