[Music]
is Monday thanks Mia now if you're
heading into the office Alfie's got a
meeting I don't have any meetings in
particular today but I thought would be
nice to go in I like to go in on a
Monday because I think it's a good start
to the week it makes me really motivated
so I think I'll probably have a little
look than my peer box because I haven't
been through that in a really long time
hashtag
me and Alfie were just having a
discussion about basically a Jaguar went
past littered the animal ran past the
car I Jack you are the car facing the
Alfie is out there everywhere and I was
like you know what since you've said
that it's all I've seen I've seen them
everywhere at the way I said it and I
was like Jack you are it's a it's got an
R on the end and Alfie said what do you
how do you say it
Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar Jack you are just a
Jag there's a Jag but it's gone R on the
end it's not just junky what did I say
that he said here but when you say water
but that's the equivalent of being like
water if I say water yes but you can
hear the are noise later
what are what
water if eon units yeah it is but you
don't say water if do my the please can
have a glass of water no you be like one
I'm gonna pull up into the Jag showroom
you say excuse me how do you pronounce
name of your brand Jack you are there's
an A and an R on it no there is I'm not
saying there isn't I'm just saying Jack
you are every single one so you said
Jack you are
yeah Jaguar Jack you are I might be I
mean technically I'm probably wrong yes
but that's like okay let me try think of
another brand no reason okay how do you
pronounce the car brand that just went
past that's kind of like a little like
lying
no Jay never was about the tea why is
there no such thing as a Soylent are
also I used to say Pujo but is there
isn't there a tea on the okay
yeah pugio give it that fuchsia fuchsia
yeah but why PU yacht yes I'm sayin Jack
you are P is yacht let me know in the
comments what why is if your team out
for your team Zoe yeah we're heading to
the office and there's a lot of Jaguars
around and I've got a massive rash on my
face
yes it's called bring worm you mentioned
in your flight year ago you had it and
you've not been wearing your cream no
it's basically tinted moisturizer you
don't want your flares up yeah because
you don't want your yeah cuz I can't
wash off and it flares up so if I don't
went into moisturizer there's nothing
down it's like normal really clear skin
I put it on for one day which was
yesterday or the day before ma'am red
mark on my face because you're supposed
to wash your face after these one of
these annoying people that has the
nicest skin on my face sure but that is
ringworm like if you didn't have that
your skin would be like I don't know
believe me perfect and you don't wash
your face no I do wash my face when I'm
in the shower that's my face so that's
not washing your face that's getting it
wet yes actually
so you're so lucky honestly I never
washed my face no but I do think there
is the hole also I do wear makeup so I
need to have it there is the whole light
you know I didn't ever need to wear
moisturizer until I started wearing
moisturizer I think you think if you
started properly using clothes no mom I
know I know that guy
and now I my face needs it when I got
the shower do you not I mean like Lily
Cole doesn't wash his hair if I think
he's watched it once or twice in 12
years
yes dreadlocks they but is like his body
doesn't need BAE's hair almost like
paints itself yeah I get that
do you get what I'm saying I bet you if
I wash my face my face thoroughly every
day you would need to keep this I would
have to keep doing yeah because you
would be struggling like it's natural
oils and you would be tempering
temporary I'm saying I think the key is
shower in I have a shower a bath once a
month other than that just let your body
do its thing I'm not sure Caroline oh
God
but what are you eight have you seen
this part yeah it's really cool so
almost as good as that time like Alfie
saying he washes his face when actually
just brushes it at all
during about as good as that time way
you said I've cleaned the bathroom and I
said with wall and you said moist toilet
tissues yeah let's just get it wet I
don't ever use body wash I just use
water OSHA made it to the office and
Holly and I are about to go through the
PA box stuff this is what it currently
looks like this is home okay you ready
the first thing of interest are these
freezer by and feminine and we've got
champagne
we've got bath and shower gel
we've got hand wash there's quite a few
things hair conditioner and they all
smell off lemon zest grapefruit and mint
and is the lightful body lotion and a
hand cream not bleach ugly ah
everyday brunch Club I should have
warmers any thoughtful isn't there yeah
I've already got one of these t-shirts
hey Zoe won't you send your little
please oh we would send your little
spring gift as we thought these journeys
dolls would be perfect for you we had to
include the classic journey brunch Club
tea ahead of the lunch launch off your
new oqu it's like two zebras do you see
that
ah hump day happy hump day
that's a Wednesday for anyone that
doesn't know that all right because it's
like the the middle of the week
you like that oh wow we've had a big
bowl it's very bright isn't it there we
go put a big old delivery from pixie in
this really lovely Miss will makeup bag
what do we have so what do we have in
here dude Zoe bon voyage safe travels oh
sure Rosie journey and hope my rose
infused favorites will take you on a
hydrated journey to a dream to dream
skin so we've got the Rose cream
cleanser the rose ceremony
Rose tonic makeup melting cleansing
cloths or they sell great rose flash
bomb rose oil blend rose caviar essence
so lots of amazing Pixies rose that
looks great and then I love this yeah
that's really cool we've got glow tonic
this is ohi's glow tonic some little
pads this sounds so delicious so this is
by naked dough
it's a the UK's first cookie dough cafe
as seen on the BBC two twos million
pound menu ready to eat raw cookie dough
no need to bake just add milk and butter
is enough so cool she's but they're
doing is they're doing very [ __ ] to the
diet and invite some friends over to try
on us product edible cookie dough mix
just add milk and butter or vegan
alternatives they have two stores one in
Westford White City and in Camden Market
and I've got a little gift card oh my
god this just looks so amazing I'm so
gonna like do this when I get home we
have a new Max Factor mascara rise and
shine achieve wide awake eyes in an
instant with Max Factor rise
flora available from March rich
full-bodied formula is smooth easy to
buy I'm rich in texture the customized
hourglass wand is engineered to evenly
lift each individual lash with bristles
that are shorter towards the middle of
the brush and longer towards outer edges
whoa I love a new mascara to try this
looks great
thanks oh my god this bu sharp new
Charlotte Elizabeth bag so actually oh
my god it's a good backpack that it's so
cute look how cute this is I actually
love this no I actually didn't agree
like I got the wall do you think how
comfortable that meant I think that
absolutely horrific anything shame I
can't get my feet here look how gorgeous
this is it's a little tattoo Harper case
and inside got mirror Li and a hydrating
floral mask and hydrating fluorescence
which is one of my absolute favorite
skincare products basically tatah Harper
is up there with some of my favorite
skincare the moisturizer that I am
always using that as my holy grail is
tattoo Harper so I'm very excited to try
and look at this cute little brush very
excited to try this I've got a box from
Beauty because as you know I would say
probably by all or if not most of my
skin care and makeup from cult Beauty so
when they send a press box I'm always
very excited to see what new products
are in or what new brands they required
all Australasian beauty so the wizards
of ours all how excited
meet the audio category that set to
revolutionize our regime ah okay now I
love Kevin Murphy hair care I've got the
shampoo and I also have a spray that
looks quite kind of like shimmery that I
put in my hair after I've washed it this
is the hydrate to me mask moisturizing
and smoothing mask for frizzy or coarse
colored hair very nice I will for sure
be trying that contains rich shea butter
and moisturizing rosehip oil this master
of hydration is like a luxurious drink
for parched dehydrated lorises nice so
what's this this is glow in a beauty
powder a naturally bioactive food
supplement containing bio fermented
nutrient blend oh that sounds cool
we've got lana lips this is the rose
gold one oh one point mint
oh you can use it on your lips and your
cheeks for a little tint cruelty free
formula features pure lanolin to provide
immediate rosy relief to dry spots and
chapped lips amazing oK we've got dr.
robux no worries so where's he on here
so hydrating face moisturizer it says
this Bondi Beach concoction quenches
parched complexions with a vegan blend
of hyaluronic acid rose hip oil and
macadamia oil oh this sounds incredible
I'm very excited to try this
then we have the classic alpha H liquid
gold I used to use this all the time
back in like true 2012 2011 2012 I used
it all the time I don't know why I
haven't used it in a while I think just
because I would since I've sorted my
skin out on a bit scared to use anything
that's like a bit more intense but so
many people swear by this there may be
now that I'm probably getting to be on
the more mature skin side and probably
getting some wrinkles I should probably
crack this bad boy back out clinically
proven to decrease wrinkle depth reduce
roughness and increase moisture within
your skin so now you need to use liquid
gold if you stop being Aidid in liquid
gold next we have oh my god this is my
favorite powder okay you guys all need
this also
I'm such a [ __ ] influence this stuff
is insane its Becker and it's a Hydra
mist set and refresh powder it feels
like cold look come here let me find a
brush I need to do it right now
[Laughter]
Oh oh my god that is heavenly isn't it
now imagine this and like a summers day
hey how does it how does it stay cold I
have no idea it's not even cold look so
somehow it feels really moisturizing and
really and cold and love it
you take that out and just apply it
throughout the day yeah yeah now I've
powered it girl undiscovered the
waterfall crystal cleansing water all
this sounds incredible under the
waterfall crystal cleansing water
cleanses tones and hydrates to wake the
day up and close the day down a31 super
micellar water to cleanse tone and jelly
dissolve your makeup gentle and
energizing like a tall drink of water
for your skin not test on animals
reusable recyclable and reusable bottle
natural ingredients
oh and love the sound girl it has
crystals in the bottom Lauren this is
read a lot these are very active
straight I really love how a lot of
these Australian brands have cute
sayings on the packaging now this is one
thing I know I'm gonna have to give to
somebody else because I don't love me a
coffee scrub I could be in the minority
do you like a coffee scrub I like them
but you need someone else to do I just
don't like this monomer
yeah it's the coffee nurse I just am I
don't like it but they're very messy as
well yeah I know a lot of people who do
love them like mom loves a coffee scrub
and also this is a great brand I love
this brand a lot Frank forty get naked
and get wet in the shower massage scrub
over your entire body leave on for three
minutes then rinse use me two to three
times per week for best results thank
you so much cold beauty I've got a lot
of little bits and pieces to try out now
you just caught my migraine a microwave
so I really enjoy it just put the camera
on people and see how they get what they
talk about I want to walk because I've
been doing this a while yeah yeah I just
sit like this for ages you already I
kind of wanted to wear these glasses but
you just can't see my eyes so I thought
I would set up my tripod and sit down
and chat to you about something that's
in the title of this video which is very
big decision for a lot of you you're
probably not really that interested or
you don't really follow this part of my
life so much but I wanted to sit down
and explain this for those of you that
do or for those of you that kind of love
and invest and support Sabella beauty
and also just because in more recent
years i've chosen to show more of the
business side and behind the scenes and
the meetings and everything that goes
into what I do on a kind of day to day
weekly basis and so many of you have
absolutely loved that and I think with
that also comes conversations like these
sniffing sorry knowledge like sat on my
lap getting cozy she probably start
snoring in a minute so I'm gonna try and
keep this like short and snappy because
I know not all of you are interested but
at the same time this is a really huge
part of my life and it's something I
want document as well because it is
probably one of the biggest decisions
I've had to make to date towards autumn
summer autumn last year I knew my
contract was coming up with my licensing
company and we just unsplash wrote annex
and the
this ranges for coming out we were tying
up the range that's coming out very soon
and also doing all the designs for the
Christmas lifestyle and Beauty ranges
and then there's kind of this lull where
you're not really working on anything at
that point because everything is worked
on so far in advance most collections
take around 18 months to a year before
they start coming out so there's a lot
that happens behind the scenes but also
happens so much earlier in time than
when you get to see the products and I
just started thinking a lot about where
I wanted zoella Beauty to be it is by
far the project that earns me the most
money out of anything I do it is also
the most consuming timewise which kind
of makes sense and it is commercially
the biggest thing I've ever done have
been doing it for five years now so this
year is its fifth year I made the very
big decision to and this was all by
myself I mean obviously I told people
after I'd made this decision but it was
quite important for me to feel a hundred
percent confident in the decision I was
making before anything came out of my
mouth and obviously I'd had
conversations with Alfie about it and I
decided that after this year I won't be
renewing my contract with my licensing
company and I won't be doing any more
zoella beauty in its current guys how it
is at the moment and I know that
probably some of you are going I mean
that makes sense like you know you're
getting a bit older and you might want
to start looking into other things like
obviously zoella isn't just so Ella
Beauty zoella is my whole brand and
recently we did the colour-pop launch
which was zoella and color pop and that
was the most successful thing I have
ever launched in terms of beauty ever
like we were all very very like we did
not expect this and that was amazing and
I want to continue to do things like
that but with this Ella beauty
and I just I I didn't find working with
my licensing company as positive as I
had once found it I just didn't feel
that we have the same vision for what
the brand could be I just think
somewhere along the way we just haven't
we've kind of gone like this and
everything has become much harder to
work on because I want something a
certain way in either that can't be done
or formulations and innovations can't be
done in the way that I might like them
to or certain products that I've really
set my heart on have never come to
anything there will be a range coming
out this summer or very soon but it's
the summer range and then a lifestyle
gifting range but there won't be a
lifestyle beauty range we just couldn't
quite marry up what I wanted what they
wanted and what felt right for the brand
so that won't be happening and past
Christmas 2019 there won't be any new
releases and I don't want you to think
that that means I don't love the range
coming out very soon and the Christmas
gifting range because I do those
collections we did agree on and we did
get to a point that I was really happy
with and I'm really excited about those
collections I just want you to know that
everything that is coming out I hand on
heart love yous and can't wait for you
guys to see but also I wanted to put
this video out before those came out
because I don't want anyone to see me
talking about the release of products
and for me to then say oh by the way
that's the last one
I just I wanted you guys to know the
minute I could talk about it basically
will keep everybody updated with like
where products are gonna be until what
time of the year next year on the zoella
instagrams us at zoella
and you'll also get to see new projects
new launchers things like that over
there as well but feel free to ask any
questions to me all the team
everyone's aware obviously I think
that's about it really I
I'm excited I'm not sad for a while I
did think you've got to be sure of this
decision Zoe because you can't you can't
go back on that but now I'm really
excited about this decision I'm excited
for the future I'm happy with zoella
beauty as it was it's just not what I
envisage in 18 months time still doing
and that's what would happen if we were
to start on new ranges now and I'm so
thrilled with the success of the brand
and the amount of you that loved it and
shows so much support to it and
hopefully you will come along with me on
my journey to other exciting things at
the end of the day I just had to go with
my heart and what I felt in my heart was
right and the end of the contract and
the staff 2020 and thinking about
sitting down to design new ranges just
didn't feel something in me was like
this just doesn't feel right anymore
sorry I'm doing that thing where I just
can't stop talking now and I was like
this will only be about four minutes
right I'm off bye good morning everybody
it's currently watch because it's so
strong it no it's not getting that big
blip yeah oh great good day thanks why
me and Alfie are being right tosses this
morning look at this Hey oh [ __ ] I'm
quit one once
yeah very fast there Oh got some heat up
I don't think any more than four so
we've got never left
my family should be nobody do not turn
sugar watch your money blueberries
normally I really like doing like the
big fluffy american-style pancakes but
but I thought let's just do some plastic
crap then you did you say you're having
a terribly breeze yes in community goes
I'm too eager to happen when they're
still then I'll hit you try the upset
cottage with a mess it was licking like
lemon things will live the place pips
would you get really good look I've
walked into the office to see brunch is
served
teams are congratulations on an amazing
launch your brunch babes at colour-pop
they've supplied us with breakfast ok
tucking guys go go go yeah I know wow oh
my god but this banana bread looks
insane it's a very special day today
because it is exactly one year since we
moved into the office so we're all here
and we're all going to have a little
celebration obviously starting off with
this beautiful breakfast served courtesy
of color pot I'm sorry all had to wait I
didn't know this was a big
[Laughter]
hurry muddy Megan Alfie Allen nice
tinker is not equally Zoe
so feet more than daveandlauren amazing
my mom because she was sir she was and
is still so supportive of me chasing my
dreams but also taught me so we're
currently filming some little snippets
to go up on International Women's Day of
women that inspire us women who inspired
me as a child they from steps
I loved her voice she was called
gorgeous and I just wanted to be her I
wanted to sing like her and perform all
their amazing dance routines now excited
I was when Joe was dancing with our on
Strictly she hoped me yeah that's like
my childhood like hero a woman who
inspired you when you were growing up
the Spice Girls I remember being in all
of them growing up they all look so
different and I just thought they were
the coolest most confident women I've
ever seen they were all about girls
supporting girls hashtag girl power I'm
really paved the way for a new
generation to feel like they can be
whoever they want to be it's a good job
I'm reading it not you isn't it
a woman who inspires you as an adult in
your personal life tansy my best friend
who sadly is with us anymore but she was
the most inspiring woman I've ever met
she followed her dreams moving to NYC
and was truly living her best life turns
and really loved life and lived it to
the absolute fullest she lifts up any
room she walked into her words stay in
your magic look at English which one of
these would you go for first the lemon
rang oh yeah that does look good but
he's got an entire one to himself so
after we've had a lovely afternoon tea
in the ground we are now heading in to
do a escape room which ones are we going
to see air pressure peer pressure there
too or are we taking in turns because
the two different aims of doing they're
quite different difficulty levels so I
think opening starts with easy one might
possibly have it an advantage there's no
warm-up game so in this case any team
that were happy yeah what's your team
name later
[Laughter]
all right waiting blames windchill how
would you say it's going guys under an
hour
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
we're just waiting we know here we've
done let's just all chart out lanes
pictures completed monitoring in in 56
minutes and 29 seconds
don't mind the clues you guys got was
full okay cold there we go anyway oh wow
for these guys I'm afraid to you you
ended the game is how operated in 58
minutes and 40 seconds you had time to
spare
which can happen no ex worry about that
and the amount of who you got was 10
are you did it in 42 minutes since yet
two teams that includes both under 45
minutes I'm a star smudging it's got to
that point of the day we came back to
the office after skate rooms but stuck
in like the wettest rain ever got a lot
of pizza extra pizzas who remembers
these pizzas the big square ones we used
to get them all the time in a Roadhouse
[Laughter]
not yet regretted my decision and now
we're doing a pub quiz courtesy of Holly
and she's just marking up the answers
although this was my team it was
essentially just me dave and sometimes
morgan and how are you just eating ice
cream it's just this is out me i'm
trying to show you some things you just
asked me any questions that are correct
well
I think you've got this apart from birds
of a feather flock together because I
didn't know that
[Applause]
[Music]
geography well I'm terrible like the
highest mountain in Japan are you saying
okay should we just go boys it honk
firket he brought rock
[Laughter]
Mount Fuji now it's time I me both went
around each yes all right just one this
one yeah I think the buzzer good morning
everyone it is now Thursday morning and
you join me here in my spare bedroom
again and I've done most of my makeup
already I've got to turn on the camera
sorry in a little bit of rush I put this
lip on the other day and I thought I
would put it on for you now oh my
battery's running out take two um so I'm
gonna put on the red lip today because
I'm very like monochrome so I feel that
a red lip would look nice so this is the
little bundle you can buy or you can buy
this one on its own
this is bossy and this is the lip liner
and and this is the self-love Club
liquid matte lip which is my go-to
favorite formulation on my lips I just
love it
let me know if you guys are enjoying me
like sitting here chatting more about
makeup I'm putting on and like chit
chatting by the way need to sharpen this
bad boy
mmm even just that I love like honestly
would just leave it like this it's very
very matte though this lip is thicker
than this one and I only ever really
notice it when I do red so I need to
thicken this side out a little bit okay
just better right now I'm gonna put
self-love club on top this is honestly
well it is my perfect round basically
and there you go I'm literally obsessed
with this lip color so I'm gonna keep
this put this in my handbag for any tops
that I might need and I have a meeting
when I get to the office first thing and
then what am i doing after that probably
just spending some time in the office
with the girls
sawing out bits and pieces for the new
Beauty launch and then I'm gonna be
heading back because I have a call with
my therapist which I always look forward
to whoa got myself a smash burger smash
burger and just finished up a meeting
just finished up a very exciting meeting
about future projects and in relation to
the conversation I had earlier on in
this vlog about taking it somewhere new
with a new vision and it's honestly
being one of the most refreshing
meetings I've had in such a long time
and it's left me feeling so excited like
I've got that like bubbling excitement
in my stomach and yeah it's cold but
yeah really refreshing exciting meeting
that has put me in a great mood
and now I'm gonna have to go because I
don't have a tripod and you're just
balancing home hair up hoodie on I now
have some working bits to get on with
we've got someone coming over to fix the
speakers in our bedroom because we
currently have no sound on the TV and I
didn't realize how much of a TV watcher
I was until I couldn't watch TV in my
bedroom I know there's a lot of people
that don't have TVs in their bedroom
because it's a place of sanctuary and
sleep silence but I'm a I'm the sort of
person that needs noise when I'm working
when I'm reading when I'm doing anything
I need some kind of background noise
and actually I think that might have
something to do with the fact that when
me and Joe were growing up we would go
to bed and we would listen to cassette
tapes when we were falling asleep so for
me I just I just I am my most productive
and feel my most relaxed man there's not
like a horrible silence and especially
when I still go to sleep I need to have
noise on somya now if you listen to
podcast now when we fall asleep and I
know that Joe still listens to think
sometimes when he goes to sleep if not
all the time I don't actually know we
haven't spoken about it recently but
yeah I I have to listen to something all
the time like even now I'm like I need
to put something on because I'm in my
bedroom and the TV doesn't work I can't
put the TV on so I'm gonna put some
YouTube on or something but yeah how
many of you do the same thing and I do
think it is because we listen to tapes
when we would go to bed so I'm so used
to switching off to the sound of
something as opposed to like my brain
becoming more alert and listening in
sometimes I get like two minutes into a
podcast and not even that and I'm asleep
