okay the six a lot of religion
that's so funny
[Music]
welcome to New York welcome to New York
hey it's been waiting for you welcome to
New York a in cos palm me now if he woke
up at half for because someone's phone
wasn't on silent and everyone in the UK
was waking up and getting into the group
chats very quickly Reaper I think you
put yours on airplane mode that's like
serious like Do Not Disturb blimey I
just put mine all silent yo no I turned
off all my notes we can't actually went
into settings and turned off
loads of notifications yeah yeah their
calendar 100 people were putting things
into our calendar so just go ding ding
ding we were just like oh my god and
because it was 4:30
it meant really we would have been very
awake and probably a woken up at that
point but we forced ourselves to go back
to sleep so that was fine and now let's
look so we're about to head down for
breakfast
we've already edited our vlogs mine is
currently uploading so hopefully that
I'll be done by the time we get back
it's raining though I'm wearing some bad
look it's all misty and raining I don't
think I've ever been in New York when
it's rained because even when we came
for my birthday it was it wasn't rainy
yeah that's true I just
gen-i rain is just quite sad then we're
heading to this yoga session so I don't
know if I can film in that because I'm
not going to know anybody in it and you
know how much I get the vlogging fair
when I'm just walking down a street so I
don't know but we'll see we'll go down
to breakfast anyway
morning you two look like you're a
little Christmas card fuel me and I live
give me a drink and I die
change the wedding security a fire yes
okay
do the one I can do that feel me to live
and give me a drink yeah they spend
harmless in 2005 that's why I was
confused why the candy stores like why's
it matter that the chief fathers into
certain I spell like does it not have
something to do with 50 cent being in a
candy shop and thank you to a candy oh I
don't know what we're good at man wait
you should how he's gonna get it
a father
why was it buy buy three get one free
[Laughter]
okay did one of them steal some no what
do you mean okay there's a grandfather
his son and his son do that let's just
served I went for the brioche and these
guys as you will go omelet no you two
went on there oh that looks great
because you going straight in for the
salad do you are you one of those people
that saves the best till last yeah I
don't do that my brother does that
virtually I would still get inside out
woman yeah that's cool okay the six all
outfit away
we've just finished our yoga class did
you find that
I think I really like it you know that I
think you find out what your first one
wasn't
I like shake along I could do that
distraction you don't mind feels like it
rest in that one I was like this year
physical breaths and then my right was
real chill doesn't it mean yeah I loved
that see I the things I find easier
in yoga I like the stretching and the
like crazy like being able to like bring
your leg like right I love those but
stuff where it's like core and exercise
I am like like I was like shaking and I
were like I can't stop no one else is
stopping
the bubble room when they float to the
top it kind of looks like that but not
bubbles but lies yeah so cool and look
at the view the mist is lifting so cool
by just called a left and he's buggered
off if you got a bag no that's fine
we should get okay why don't you bring
on with me I love this lift this is a
cool it Alfie deyes belly button it is
it's literally no where are they they're
not gonna be in here are they dango Oh
in your little spa I want to play card
feel like people might now assume that
we're the couple everyone always has to
wait for yeah because we're uploading
yeah we are always the couple whenever
away with anyone that everyone ends up
waiting for my father
Oh exact
this is so cute Lexus fire what you're
having a game of I think that's my
favorite card game I got a good hand
oh the confidence you get when you have
a hand like that when you play oh ok
lottie's doing good
when a little wonder around Brooklyn is
this where we're going oh this is cool
what's this coat I made the hot we just
jumped in a taxi and we've made our way
over to Dumbo to see Brooklyn Bridge and
there's something going on over here
I can hear screaming and welcome like
really raining which is really sad never
mind so go on over there and scream
we're really well-paying straight shot
[Applause]
[Music]
the
hi what's going on
Street movements we wondered into you
time out market which sells lots of
different types of like restaurants and
food even
how do we get to the truth at a
restaurant it's gonna read it might be
like that is an impression there's so
much choice
yeah we need to pick otherwise we're
gonna take down and see somewhere better
right I went for pasta with burrata
these guys have gone for some Japanese
little Bao buns what's in the bow buns
lovely it's just lovely in there and
Alfie's gone for chicken and rice only a
small portion is it good last time we
came to New York on me and poppy I
thought some of them that it was so good
bring the back :
we have to head back now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
did you just go to scoop it in and
there's got this on the top no take this
off I went with sink isn't right I just
however with signature cookie dough on
top and then underneath cake batter
which is
no you're in I was trying to get both in
so I'm right which is the flavor that I
got with poppy in New York you try that
last time no I don't think so I think we
were doing something else
really scared it's like it's going to
quite firm
what I've got
that's going to go back as soon as we
get new ver yeah buddy Alex firm isn't
that
I don't know if you'll like it will you
become is it like very sweet
yes it is do you think so I didn't find
it super sweet he's only doing a couple
of chocolate a little nuts in that
definitely would get sickly if you liked
had any more yeah you would not be able
to much for this sorry if I was planning
on just keeping it in the hotel room
okay at the mo licorice we're back in
the hotel room I say wait actually just
me Alfie has gone down to shoot some
stuff with Minnie with Lottie the whole
point that he's obviously here doing the
work with Minnie so he's got that this
evening so and I think Zac still
shooting some stuff out in Dumbo or
Brooklyn let's turn this down I've
currently got on American TV which makes
me so excited I just love it
I love like the variety because I don't
know if you know this but most of the
time in the UK we only get like US
programs way after they're aired in the
US or at least like a bit after with
most of the like main shows so it's
quite nice to be low watching it as it's
on but yeah I'm just gonna chill for a
bit maybe have a nap I actually don't
feel tired but I know we're planning to
go to Dyker Heights tonight and I just I
feel like if I don't have a little sleep
now I'm gonna struggle later and I want
to like fully enjoy and embrace it so
I'm thinking if I have a little sleep
just a just a little one though I can't
let that go too long then I think I'm
gonna be like fully recharged and I can
get some point me and Zach are gonna
head out and grab a Shake Shack burger
cuz we walked past Shake Shack earlier
we were like well I was like Jake Jack
yeah this bed is very comfy like super
comfy also I've got my oh oh
okay I can't get it off oh I'm gonna
have some I'm not gonna be able to
finish it this will probably last me a
good couple of days I forgot to say what
I was actually watching I'm watching the
all-new holiday baking championship on
Food Network and I think I've decided as
much as I love the signature cookie
dough I think I prefer the cake batter
one how anyone can finish a tub of this
if you've ever had a tub of this
have you finished it that is my question
so many of you asking me in the comments
of my vlog that didn't go up today went
up yesterday saying you didn't say what
the brand of the pants were now I'm
completely like I need to know so I'm
really sorry about that I totally forgot
but this is what they look like they're
like high-waisted or like high you come
up quite high on your hips the fabric is
very soft and this is kind of weird
obviously these are new I have not worn
these ones yet um they're just very very
soft and like really stretchy and just
very comfortable and they're so in Urban
Outfitters but the actual brand is out
from under and they do various different
shapes these are these ones are the
slightly higher ones they also do some
low ones you also have thongs and they I
think they have some which are even more
high-waisted than this with like cut out
bits here which were really nice but
yeah sorry for any of you that were like
you didn't say what the pants were and
now I really want to know that's what
the pants were and my underwear drawer
is pretty much full of them because I
just love them and they do re pretty
bras that go alongside that too like
really nice little fabric bras sorry
just sending Mike a picture of my cookie
dough
so myself and Zack on a little Zack and
Zoe adventure shake that
yeah we just been to Shake Shack which
is not the most what's the word by B I'm
scared sometimes they don't
I'm very confused so yeah we've just
been sat in Shake Shack having a little
chat cuz Alfie and locked here out for
their dinner it's like we've switched
partners for the evening the most bad
dinner yeah I think this was a bit more
fancy but it was absolutely chucking it
down I think that was proper commitment
of us to actually walk that yeah
it's now just spitting but we're heading
back to the hotel I did have a little
nap in my hotel room before we came out
which at the time I thought this isn't a
good idea when I woke up because I felt
awful but now I think I'm starting to
get my energy so that's okay although
now everyone's gonna go back to bed not
gonna be like Lottie and Alfie took the
cards I know do you think I'll be like a
little newsagent either that or they
might have the name Delphi oh yeah Oh
see now this cars legs go I don't get it
we really want to find a place cards
that lovely and healthy both to the
packs of cards with them which I bet
they didn't play so now we're gonna head
back to the hotel maybe sit in the lobby
get drink and wait for them to return
like two little lost a little toast book
two little lost puppy dogs waiting for
their owners I would say we're the
owners though they're the puppy dogs
they won't like I say it that but I
think so
where's a newsagent yeah got some yes
that's it yeah three dollars 99 lat also
had a cat in it so pretty oh okay I'm
not gonna laugh well that was me and you
being beep I wasn't looking at me oh no
that's definitely a beat for us get out
of the road you can really see my real
hair versus my Street versus my
extensions when it goes frizzy me and
Zach we've taken a detour we've got the
cards but we saw this skyline in the
distance we were like we need to get to
it so we've come down this sketchy
little first but then there's people
playing football so we feel kind of safe
Wow look we're right on here oh my God
look what we're looking at
I think that's the Williamsburg Bridge
yeah Empire State Building over there so
on our way back we've now stumbled into
like this amazing record player shop
called Rough Trade and they've got like
this retro photo be so naturally we've
got some tokens and we're gonna take
your pictures to give to our in Lahti oh
my god Zach this is like that's so funny
okay these look great one more show
these are good okay let's plan an
excellent okay let's plan do one really
Syria factor backward yeah yeah and then
maybe as far back as we can go like this
yeah
color match from the back wall yeah okay
is that so good alright yeah yeah back
to back to back okay okay never he's
already
oh yeah they're good you have to just
show each other yeah we planned it
before this one it was the coolest
little photo booth in bed got Miracle on
34th Street on the TV and I'm gonna go
to sleep I'm gonna take off this makeup
don't worry
also still like fully clothed I just
can't seem to take my clothes off at
night I just get too cozy and then I
just don't want to I hope you enjoyed
today's video and I will see you again
tomorrow where it will be another Zack
and Zoey adventure day because this one
what are you doing this one is working
most of the day you do have one little
break don't you 1 & 6
so we're thinking we might try and go to
Dyker Heights in that time right I
bloody love Brooklyn that's one thing
that I've really realized it's
so nice round here and just like so much
more quiet but yeah that's today done
some I'll see you again tomorrow bye
