oh I love you I missed you so much
[Laughter]
[Music]
everybody morning NOLA mm-hmm
it's way later than the time we wanted
to leave oh my god
you guys know I'm a morning person I can
spring out of bed from 6:00 p.m. but
today I snoozed for an hour and we have
to be somewhere that is how tired I am
it's hopefully only today and I'm not
gonna keep moaning on about jetlag
because we all get it but you know what
it feels like that when you're trying to
like keep going yes now that's how I
feel and you've got other plans and you
have no time it's quite a challenge I
don't really feel hungry yet when I
should be eating so I'm gonna try and
force myself but we are dropping her
over back to a mandarin nexus buzzy
buzzy buzzy yes you are you can see them
again oh I love you I missed you so much
and now we're leaving you again only for
one night only for one night and then
we're back she's so flippin cute look at
these gray hairs
um and then we're doing the turn half
hour drive back to work sure to see my
family yeah you ready I'm ready
whoa he's cheney we've arrived at the
Airbnb dropped our bags in and I'm just
gathering up all the prezis
writing in a few cards wrapping up some
last-minute presents and then we're
gonna head over and see my Nana and
granddad on my mum's side and obviously
Joe and Diane I'm gonna leave their
presence here I think maybe we should do
present some showing down a little bit
later on this is the air B&B we stayed
at
when we came I want to say two years ago
maybe do you think really great location
for us because I have a lot of family
like dotted around literally the perfect
like circumference around where we're
staying which is kind of close to
Whitehall Garden Center which I also
want to take Diane to because it's
literally the most festive place in the
world and I
don't know if Joe has ever taken her
there so I thought I would do the honors
we stayed here before and it's such a
lovely little air B&B very cozy has all
the things you'd need always looking
like was he talking is he talking to 3
la yeah yeah yeah yeah it's more of a
down on you now yeah Christmas with and
we've got our friends Christmas on the
22nd Christmas with your school friends
yeah Christmas makes you the most hectic
time of year because you want to make
sure you see everybody all right I'm
done there's just just waiting for you
to write in the card just waiting for
you to write in the card yeah oh my god
have you laid in there yeah it's
ridiculous isn't it oh my god I love it
right we are we need to go so we're in
the car on the way for my Nan's
Christmas present
one thing that she's always really
wanted to do is go to the one of other
studios and the reason I know this is
because my arm to have recently and
posted some photos on her Instagram
account and my nan commented saying oh I
would have loved to have gone there it's
always been on my bucket list or
something and I saw that and I was like
I just I feel like I can make this
happen so the lovely people at Warner
Brothers have managed to get us tickets
because this time of year you just can't
get it like it's Christmassy and it's
really festive so they've managed to
sort us out tickets to go so we wrapped
up lots of little Harry Potter things
that we're gonna give to her and then
last night I wrote a little letter but
it looked like it was from Hogwarts I
mean it didn't look like it was bike
ride no we bought the letter from the
heart yeah we bought like Harry like
Hogwarts like paper and an envelope and
then like a little sticker that looks
like a wax sticker and it basically says
we are taking you to brother studios and
I'm just really excited to take her
because obviously my granddad needs a
lot of care now
my man is so good with him and she spent
so much time looking after him and being
there for him I just thought it would be
a nice little thing to take her out and
show her Harry Potter well she is a
massive Harry Potter fan she upset so
yeah that's what the present is also I
got her tickets to see one of her
favorite people in concert which is my
football and alfie Boe gotta have a CD
and then I was like oh my god they're
touring so he also got her tickets for
that it seems kind of excessive but she
deserves it she stays in a lot yeah she
deserves it so I was like the one thing
I know she'd love it is like experiences
and like things to go to so mum was like
oh I know she wants this CD so I bought
had a CD and then I was like but I think
how much she loved seeing them like in
real life so Michael Ball and alfie Boe
concert also and then I've also got some
really nice things my granddad and my
mum blah blah blah but you're going to
yes he will but yeah we're nearly that
now so I wonder if Joe and I honor that
or if we'll be the first one with the
hundreds I'm gonna beat them oh do you
think yeah you can drive it round the
table the idea
[Laughter]
no guessing what you on I'm intrigued to
see this hat I hope so I really hope it
is yeah when she came space she would
wear out on the dog walks it's
waterproof and I was like oh I really
love that hat
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
you can keep it on your head a Christmas
one yeah yeah she do
Oh
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
except to the Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry to meet at the
Warner Brothers Studio for a full tour
of the studio we await your reply
marinated immediately to avoid detection
by markussi must arrive by car with
Tracy Graham I meet Sammy and I'll be in
the car
[Music]
tap your feet under tap your feet up and
down oh what's happened to the diet fine
what's going on hey hey stress attack he
says I'm too slow to be in the church in
ten minutes and I hate being naked thing
specially chose five bloody diet
am I allowed to film your tree mum it's
beautiful it's really not indicate acute
I like your color scheme yeah do you
ever see the one in the kitchen is
themed random and then the one in the
living room is like woodland yeah your
mum would like it I'll text you a
picture to send to happen yeah that's
very random isn't it I've got like four
boys yeah we have that in the
conservatory but I really appreciate
these trees so he just said boys
everyone got torches Insley you've got
your torch everybody walking along the
street had a torch and I was like that's
so random and now you've just ripped the
door gel oh I really appreciate these
did you do these little wobbly hat on
the top
[Music]
we're now back at the Airbnb managed to
pick up this cute little elf hat in
Tesco I'm obsessed
it's so cute I got one for me and one
for diam those currently got it on do
you like where we staying yeah it's nice
and they've got little fairy lights and
it feels all festive and Alfie's gonna
light the fire
and I'm in my cozies this is a little
stripy set from Urban Outfitters that I
bought last week I think it's like
perfect for chillin love it I'm actually
quite tired but I'm gonna try and fight
through it you know how hard it is to
our presents fever I feel like today at
least one point now at least one of us
is in receive a gift that we've already
got or been given
do you think yes why I feel like
wherever I put Alfie he's definitely
going definitely already been you a copy
oh my god you're gonna be buzzing as
well tweet you my sleep Joe hey yeah
this is Diane's heart gotta take the
label off it's a good look yay yay it is
so cute
it looks like like a sitcom you're just
like we bought this in Tesco it's called
say what you see we're having a game
Diane is winning so far so far so I lost
my early token ahead say what see we're
not mm-hmm okay stage reveal their next
is the first one ready yeah and we have
witnesses you know in my head I get you
got that how do you know these phrases
and you hear you see sort of one your
funny idea for you Oh Marisa just edited
me out this video can't even get one go
on yet uh I lost it
see see what you see see before you see
we see we see recover see you oh my god
recurring samesies seven seas yeah
Tuesday's backwards
right here we're gonna say enough all
right come on you've got this I'm gonna
sizing this is no yeah okay this one's
easiest [ __ ] whoever gets his first win
right now readin illiterate table oh you
felt bad for LC CC right save your
breath right see big bird
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
he's in I mean guys easy
[Music]
too much time missing time is
psychological time it's so close where's
the Tom point after time nine
time no missing tell try now nice very
time missing time time after time
underscore time gap in gaps in time it's
facing time time space one more time
space continuum missing time you think
to do a time yes missing time no a hole
in sight I was in time gaps in time no
think about a sport top what stopwatch
if you're watching football countdown
over time under time extra time missing
missing time against a clock halftime
we're now doing presents listen so you
have to take you on your flight
this is showing good trust me aged six
plus we can definitely do it
oh my god you I don't think I can we're
back we both miss all people that open
our presents together like that ring
magnet but life let us complete is
messed up never get a different one
take one if you take the or the pieces
morning each other - oh don't take it
next present it says it's for both of
you okay
this is the game you've got to do it on
the plane again Oh easy didn't I already
get you those clothing clothing super
short wet six sharp bubbles no it's me a
box now my god welcome amazing last time
you came down Diane kept being like what
are you wearing it smells so good is it
spray yes a perfume yeah there's a cool
name yeah I really care different I love
them thank you oh my god
smell that oh let me smell yeah open
that big one we verified this one yeah
that is the best handle you get oh my
god fancy oh my god I love me a king
[Applause]
smell that back way
oh I said what like smells and higher
amount thank you that's amazing
it's a proper good candle for wake up oh
okay
oh yeah that's proper for winner really
good smaller oh [ __ ] that's good baby
are the Christmas female oh that's
really good yeah it's so good see their
clothes and um amber great yeah
thanks Ricky oh sorry this one yeah you
think I've already got this I got it now
some somebody you hate sensitive
presence yeah
no oh that's it there's very on Brandon
I don't know coffee cups yeah yeah
they're say okay the ones you thought
yeah yeah oh they're so cute right I'm
gonna end this vlog here we're all just
chillin on the sofa as we see it's
Kiev's got the fire on the TVs playing
greatest TV moments my favorite kind of
program you're not so keen on these
steps programs are you of me where it's
like the little one they called box box
box box box pots people talking about TV
say good night
that was really enthusiastic
[Laughter]
[Music]
