oh my god doesn't this look so familiar
it's now Oh Thursday 3:00 I'm here with
my friend Jay you guys what we know of
him because you pop up on my channel
quite regularly every now we've come to
the office we've actually had like a
whole day of like catching up like
checking in with each other talking
about everything it's a really good
lunch yeah we did actually roll so we've
come into the office not to do any work
but because you've got time off I have
got some time off this week
just to get into the true spirit of
autumn and Halloween as you know I like
to do one of the things that we've
organized today for the team and just
for like anyone so that's why me and Jay
are coming on day yeah we're gonna be
decorating Halloween biscuits with the
lovely baked by staff which on Instagram
is baked full stop by
full stop staff and she just makes the
most biscuits like her icing is like
nothing I've ever seen before
like real so she is teaching us how to
do that I'm not sure mine are gonna look
as good I'm gonna give it my best shot
she's basically just like absolutely
freaking epic and she very kindly said
she'd come to the office and give us all
a icing biscuit masterclass which no no
I think she's bringing them which I
don't know if we've used we're gonna go
in now and I will of course bring you
along I love how it's not focusing on me
it's focusing on you it's like I know
I'm having to hold on because these
boots
I may know these boots ain't made for
walking oh I've only walked from the car
also I didn't do up minor commitment of
mass absolutely the cookies are
gingerbread I'm going to talk through
with some boring stuff in a second first
of all we're just going to talk through
what's in front of you so you have your
icing worksheets you do have the cookies
as well and actually they're in one of
our boxes Wow
thank you so much I got this wrong okay
so a couple of key things you always
have to start by making contact with
your cookie but such a [ __ ] phrase
you want to make sure that the piping
bag touches your cookie before you pull
okay yeah so you don't start icing from
up here and like Oh see I always do that
that's not good you want to make oh okay
okay you want to lift and then just stop
you make contact again okay so it's all
about the contact so in order to get a
perfect start on one end you keep
again look at the speed I want you guys
to actually going on to the cookie so
I've done one gonna start on the other
one when we flood this it's gonna cover
the outline where you want to be really
good when we put the detail top yeah
that's nice
everyone will do that part I will make
that
because it's fun yeah because I can't do
it without stop it we're doing something
so I was looking years I would make your
dance off your party bagging the
business scissors yeah I'm here
how's that going honey I'm really not
enjoying you hmm she said she's not
enjoying me not the icing didn't you
guys ice biscuits for your wedding yeah
they were really good
they were that's good honey
oh it's meant to be enjoyable
[Laughter]
she's like front row now so not everyone
has no I want to feel that surface area
with some fudge so this is where your
cookie scribe is going to come in and
this is really handy for not just
teasing the flood icing or on to where
you want it but also sometimes you get
air bubbles and icing uh-huh worst
nightmare okay air bubbles cookie in
here and drop to dry it and you take a
lot and it pops you have a hole in your
game okay so no bubbles so I'm going to
show you how to look for bubbles
this shouldn't do that many bubbles you
make very good nice thing if you ever
see me doing a video online you'll see
me do it right the way to the edge we're
not doing that today that's where you
can get into trouble with it going over
the side
okay I'm gonna be safe and we're gonna
pipe about five millimeters from the
edge of the cookie you see how much
wetter this icing is them yeah what line
are you squeezing that quite hard or not
really I did medium okay got a
continuous pressure okay so I'm really
gonna feel that much
I'm gonna take my stride it doesn't
great I mean I can do this all day I can
just watch me
and then you just swirl it so by
swirling it first of all I'm actually
mitigating the risk of air bubbles good
worth it
it's like coloring in you just you don't
want to go over the edge you just want
it to tap the edge and then a final
trick just to really get rid of any air
bubbles if you go like this and you're
icing it's just gonna get rid of any
little air bubbles that is what you're
going to do so the really key thing is
do not pipe it to the very edge if you
pipe to the edge the accents gonna go
over the edge we can fix it but save
yourself the trouble
they aren't open yet so if you want to
cut them just a tiny old
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so fun I literally want to do it like
everyday I can see why you love it
finished cookies what little goes I'm
pumpkin did you have fun so good Oh see
this is a masterpiece
love it oh just it understands looking
like an absolute let's like a bonnet now
we've ordered a Papa John's this evening
which was J's cool absolutely and I have
another Papa John's so long but they do
those Marmite and cheese twists
is that yours it's like mustard like
hotdog mustard oh do you know now I'm
looking at that it looks like flooding
it's like I want to give you the tour
spread it out I feel like this box was
slightly obsessed um what's the word
excessive for the amount of my roles in
that is yours
oh no I I'm a very big fan of just a
cheese in tomando
call me boring I would say classic
timeless you can't go wrong with the
cheese and tomato especially a Papa
John's cheese and tomato we also have
Judge Judy on to be fair I watched the
English one judge Rinder Linda Linda
right she forgotten the chicken oh no
they haven't um yeah I don't usually
watch Judge Judy but it's all happening
so we're gonna ever know was gone anyway
that's well yeah when we turn the TV on
it was Emmerdale so for a long amount of
time actually watching him Adele it's a
love Amedeo that was like my soap that I
loved so I went through phases I was
massively into Hollyoaks I remember yeah
massively into Hollyoaks obsessed with
neighbors at one point said this is my
mom but that was it I never really like
watched any and I was obsessed with his
tenders at one point I went through
phases of being obsessed with each soap
never really obsessed with Coronation
Street though I never really uh I'm
actually okay thanks Louise me Ann's
yeah I never actually really got into
Corrie sorry Cory I don't really know
why I think my parents never watched it
they were EastEnders fans so I got into
it he send us off the back of them got
into neighbors because it was on when I
got home from school and also so was
Hollyoaks I swear it was like neighbors
it was like children's TV their
neighbors then Simpsons and Hollyoaks
neighbors like maybe she be afraid to I
think it's still on the last time I saw
it
politics is always Eve or like when you
channel for at first I'd say back in the
old days Channel four after the Simpsons
or before the Simpsons one or the other
um and then as it got a bit older I got
really into Emmerdale like really
yeah but I'm talking live in northern
ones only like six years ago
I'm pretty sure in my like early
twenties and I got really into ever
dough but yeah what soaps were you into
what soaps are you into now do you still
watch them religiously every single day
I kind of Miss being really into a soap
really I thought there's a lot of
commitment every day yeah sit down what
I can add an hour I'm not really sure
like half an hour I guess with on-demand
that's what it kills a little bit yeah
probably
whatever you want whenever you want to
one look at this face I'm so excited
good morning everybody it's Saturday and
myself and Alcide a variant hello hello
that was like when you answer the phone
to like I know as a guy and you get
hello how's it going to like yeah like
your mom that was like
I'm wearing this little condom hat the
same one as Alfie's gone I've just
realized if we're both wearing them
we'll look like a right pair of like
[ __ ] well hopefully zap naughty
wearing them as well okay well they're
like it also we don't also love to turn
ticket and condor head yeah liddie but
it doesn't look like a normal common
looks like an OP traveled right now one
moment can't see it looks like conduct
that hasn't been rolled out yeah but it
wasn't feels like if I sneezed it would
just fall off my head Alfie put this on
me he was like oh I really like it I'm
not sure I feel like I don't know I need
to wear a pom pom on my hands because I
have a small head and I forgot the pom
pom balances hour whereas I feel like
this makes my head look even smaller but
I've left it on for now we've all four
of us about what I may take off it looks
like yeah
because at h-hour Perry is at the other
one didn't I one of them's hairy and one
of them's Marvin is it Marvin it Harmon
oh my god
Joe that card leeches are just broken
down she just pulled in so lots been in
yeah David my friend peach came across a
new medication so we're heading to Lewis
this morning which is a very cute quaint
little town that we often go to we
actually stayed up so late last night
and just now I was thinking like I'm
really tired
so obviously woke up like eight yeah
coughed head and that's been
I mean I think it was a very open after
yeah Wow look at this look at this
whoa hey what's going on over there
I think it's just traffic I've got all
those cars with the wrong lanes
oh hey there's AK in front of us where
Jax the coin front oh god how funny I
can hear him before I concern that's how
I lose him so yeah we're heading to
Lewis with Zakir Lahti and we actually
hung out with zachanassian Holly last
night till three got off getting crafty
when I you know me that is wait we don't
mean PMS please I told you somebody's
going down
what's going on there drama
yeah so very late night feeling very
tired but perfect Saturday activity to
head out to Lewis for lunch
go a bit fresh air in my hair
you can't you go hang on you've got
comfortable in the head any head - my
head - my head - my head
well me and Lottie have gone for a lemon
meringue pie look at the spoon okay go
on you go to the first bite yeah you
need every layer
oh how jealous are you guys got that
Zach just wants a taste
[Music]
could you taste it's really raining
I'm like so soaked the rain really
wrapped up a notch and oh no it's like
literally it's made my makeup like run
but we're heading back now and I think
I'm gonna have a bath get into my cozies
because it is that kind of weather isn't
it
it's like this sounds stupid or about
say but it's very wet rain what the
one-drop is like big but yeah it was a
really nice afternoon we just had a
little coffee in Flint
which is a really lovely coffee shop and
bakery in the US if you're over there
played some cards food my favorite
[ __ ] I didn't win any games but I
did manage to be healthy in the last
game considering I didn't pick up any
cards in the middle because I kept
having to pick up that was quite a
triumph I think my hair my natural hair
is so much curlier than the extensions
look you see at the top yeah I'm going
to go home and do a hair mask I think
because little secret I've not washed my
hair since summer night only Tully's
that we could go not the first day that
just went but the Thursday before that
so what are we now Saturday so that's
seven nine days
that's not my record I could go much
longer for some reason my hair it
doesn't really get greasy until I would
say in ten day mark but I have done a
fringe wash in between I should have
done two fringe washes yeah I just take
the front bits of my hair just wash and
blow-dry those bits because these bits
just don't like it's mostly just
extensions and they don't well that
always scares me when those two planes
join and they don't really get greasy at
all and there's no point over washing it
so nine days by two need to wash it now
I think it doesn't look at but it's so
dark look what is this I swear this has
been the wettest October we've had it's
so
I like it when it's like sunny but a
little bit crisp but like you can still
go outside and do nice thing was
tricking you because it's not cold so
when I used to go without I didn't even
get jumping we had just wore a t-shirt
because it's not cold but then when this
happens yeah yeah I should have walked
with me but it's not yeah I'm wearing
like a dress with like a massive split
on the side and now I'm really regret my
choice especially because we still have
like a tiny bit of our illness that's
really hanging on so that's not going to
have helped just getting stuck in the
rain
but yeah I'm excited to get back see now
I love for the firearm get a film on the
TV have a little bar do a hair mask
mine used to be that is bloody
high-pitch there's no choice right now I
have got the dirtiest jeans on your
Dottie
which one I use is done a shirt it's
Sunday wash my hair you'll be pleased to
know yeah but yeah I did a little hair
mask I did olaplex number three which
I'd highly recommend to anybody if you
have colored or dry hair we do all know
what only flex number three is I mean
you can google it it's a hair ma sounds
like owner flex number three we've come
into town for a bit and then we're
meeting up with poppy and Sean and going
for a roast I'm bloody excited I feel
cozy today do you know I feel like what
Jen I know what you've already said what
did I say
Oh Harry Potter it's the prisoner of not
Prisoner of Azkaban what's the fourth
one you don't know
come on Philosopher's Stone chamber of
secrets Prisoner of Azkaban Goblet of
Fire that's on today and I said - Alfie
but it just feels more special when it's
on the TV like you don't wanna miss it
like you want to properly watch it with
like the rest of the nations all
watching it together all taken part
Eamon up was I can say I feel like what
you Monsters Inc or one thing is a
banger all Monsen University what I
can't speak monsters University I don't
think I've seen that it's really good we
should watch that or third one come on
wreck-it Ralph oh yeah we've seen that
sir you ain't bloody Harry Potter so
many times you can see that mr. Alfie
deyes you mock me for watching fans more
than once and actually you have a couple
that you put on quite a lot like Cloudy
with a Chance of Meatballs how many
times have you watched that I just
watched some flights that doesn't answer
the question I said how many times do we
watch
maybe like five wreckit-ralph limit for
units you know because your films are
from when you're your childhood and
there's inks not from your childhood
no but the films that you're watching
actually share films like that which is
one is dead and you one were they turn
into mice no you confuse hocus-pocus
with that phone they're both dead
we heart say hocus pocus is wreck-it
Ralph is a banger Nemo banger do you
know I actually haven't watched though
and I do genuinely want to watch well I
haven't seen the new Lion King is bad
because Lion King was big for me growing
up Lion King was never my favorite films
and you know why it didn't have like a
human princess in it isn't that bad I
didn't really connect with it as much
really yeah because I loved Disney
Princesses so much and that one didn't
have like a human princess obviously I
had Nala and she did become the princess
Simba as I watched it what's the one
like where she eats the Apple it's no
why no I don't like that film someone's
will good for you Sleeping Beauty
Aladdin I couldn't even tell you the
story of Aladdin Sleeping Beauty Aladdin
Little Mermaid there might deter mermaid
was quite cool I loved her keys as well
forgot the bloody name of it the one
that we really liked with the woman with
the blue stone as a necklace
so really recent tangled no Moana yeah I
wish that was imagine that growing up
would have been sick I'm frozen
yeah it would have been amazing yeah
Moana oh my god I love I could watch
that right now I love that film so much
should we go yeah I was loving this slow
impromptu Disney chat have
loved much of our excursion but a few
drops a laptop off for Apple we just
popped into a new shop called hold which
is where the old Oliver bonus used to be
and it was so good
highly recommend popping in there I'm
slightly terrified but I was just sent
to Alfea that I feel like I've really
lost my confidence when it comes to
vlogging in public but especially on
like it's busy weekend days oh I just
got a sharp pain in my tooth okay sure
just a local little business helping
them out it's really nice it's open it
means we get to buy a new camera I don't
think you need any new camera no because
what I mean for those people that going
to con us a few don't need a new camera
they sell it's like an old photography
so you could get like nuts close to like
buy some little rolls of outdated film
don't take a picture of me in front of
that you want me to thank you yeah or
I'll take a picture of you in front of
them we're publisher and we've come
all right it's just arrived I can't get
it it's Sean's come for a burger pops
bar veggie oh yeah does look good
actually I've gone for chicken what did
you go for veggie as well nice and a
little serving of cauliflower cheese for
the middle deunan oh sure Zee
satisfied is there something underneath
Rambouillet
we finished up dinner and now we've come
into the upside-down house so you need
to take a picture of Sean like that you
need to get the whole thing in and then
you flip it around open this one you
have to put your hands on the bed both
hands so you're like you're doing a
handstand one leg fully out put your
hands flat put your hands flat
we've just done the upside-down however
probably felt very good because I like
this
yeah it it like makes you feel a bit
like motion now we just went for Alfie
who's throwing a time-lapse of the eye
360 and there was a little fireworks
display on the beach which was nice
because the clocks went back last night
scared him in the bike lane there's the
clocks went back it's pitch-black now at
what's the time now I'll show ya
uh sure yeah sure your mother yeah oh
four minutes of ourselves and it's pitch
black
do that with 5 and 7/8 guys but yeah
because the clocks are back it's now
yeah it feels so late
we're also definitely missed the start
of Harry Potter which I'm really sad
about but if they came for goblin fire
for good
so are you waiting for the whole stick
there's no much to see maybe all the
light somewhere down in the cop like
sofa prices got a fire on got Harry
Potter on how busy and all the chocolate
looking in the Christmas M&S magazine
deciding what to get for Christmas Day I
feel so cozy yeah we have to go there
christmas Colin look at you said I am
actually buying the Christmas Colin me
oh I am gonna buy it
