good morning everybody it's currently
Thursday and I started the week off down
in camber sands where me and the team
did a little photo shoot
getting lots of autumn/winter content
for the website launch which should be
very very soon and now we are in a field
of pumpkins that's Holly's ours
oh this was cute for them for the office
for a tiny little one and they've kindly
let us come in and take some pics and
get some pumpkins because as you know
I've not quite finished my porch because
I wanted some more pumpkins big pumpkins
pumpkins punky definitely come to Tony's
if you're after some big-ass pumpkins
there's look how many there are it's
literally just found this one and he's a
good one look at the size of that how
will I get this into my wheelbarrow
Holly I'm gonna roll it yeah I'm gonna
roll this one out I know oh oh my god I
can't even [ __ ] roll it oh my god
this is heavy oh okay we got it
sorry oh my god okay right I'm gonna put
the camera down and actually try and
roll it will we we got him to here yeah
that's true let's even there this one is
good how's that battery holy
holy now has so many pumpkins in this
world Baro
how can you push that guy's ripped Holly
we just had a pumpkin incident this one
rolled out it's a heavy looks like you
all right there Lauren we've packed it
as many as we can I think it looks at my
cute 41 hiding so having a little look
through one of the new mazes what's this
one called again it it is called recess
wastelands which looks insane and Lauren
and Holly have never been to tellings at
night I'm not gonna like actually quite
dark in here in the daytime I'm gonna
put the camera away now because I don't
want to spoil it for anyone but so far
this is incredible and there's no actors
in here yeah obviously this is the
daytime she's already hold it on to me
I've got you holy this is in the daytime
with no actors and nothing
[Laughter]
bigger just chipped a tooth on my camera
holy 7 a little behind-the-scenes of the
giant snake so okay you can stay here
now for the rest of Halloween excited
I'm actually we're excited I think
myself actually compressed smaller so we
get through it it's gonna be longer
although they kindly gave us some
October merch loving this I'm gonna put
a little hot choc and this back at the
house and we've put out the pumpkins and
this is what it looks like it I'm
obsessed oh my gosh got the corn nicely
dying which actually does look so much
better less green I'm actually dying
drying out still got the corns on there
I thought the birds would have had those
by now and then all of the pumpkins it
looks so good I'm so happy with it hello
everybody last couple of clips that you
might have seen are me and Holly and
Lauren picking pumpkins at tulley's and
going through a couple of the mazes in
the daylight since then I've been aware
of content trip been away a wedding and
I got ill so I haven't really filmed
anything since then just after I
literally said are you filming so much
you'll have to excuse i still look a
little bit ill this is the first day
I've put makeup on in a really really
long time we've had a salmon Adam here
today who have transformed my
move my tape extensions back up put some
more blonde and toner into my natural
hair color and Adam has styled it so
very beautifully for this evening you
may also notice I'm on a slightly
different camera so the reason for that
is which I hope you will appreciate
because I think it's pretty cool
although this is heavy is that tonight
loads of us are doing our annual trip to
Tully's and for this year I just thought
it would be so fun to have night-vision
cameras so this camera can film like
this but I can also flick a switch and
it will film in the dark so without us
having to use phone lights or stick a
clip on light on top of my camera this
is going to be so much easier for you
guys to like see our reactions and see
what's going on without me giving away
too much of the mazes because I actually
do think a lot of it is about you going
and experiencing it for yourself because
there is nothing like it in the world I
love it
I sound like a Tully's salesgirl but I'm
gonna say it every year it's the best
and if you have not already got a ticket
to go to shocked over fest at tulley's
farm you need to get one because there
is nothing better around this time of
year if you want to get in the Halloween
spirit than going down with your friends
on an evening there's food as
entertainment and the actors are out of
this world there's actually quite a few
of us going this year that have never
been before and that's actually one of
my favorite things ever because I love
like seeing people's first reactions to
it because I remember my first time
going and just being like this is
incredible this is the best night ever
so to see that in other people is just
like so exciting so yeah there's loads
of us going tonight I'm going to bring
my camera along apologies if the quality
is not the same or if it's better I
don't even know what are they laughing
Station two they're having in there why
trust me what are you talking about how
are you all feeling bossy oh yeah I just
said it's one of my favorite things
Katie's your second year yeah how would
you sum up your first year are you
excited for this time I feel like I
actually feel like I'm on a mission I
feel like yeah we'll do that for today
right or do the tractor to get everyone
into it nice amazing life it was like
one time like of zero
with they're waiting for the bus the war
we've come into a little green room area
sweet cheese and crisps
my element
sorry
cause it
Oh
[Applause]
I know how to change it
oh my god
oh my god
[Applause]
I'm sorry
hey neon I don't mind I don't think they
are men last night there
absolutely
[Applause]
it's gone
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
No
if it's all something
[Applause]
okay
[Applause]
[Applause]
only me for ages oh my god
Oh
[Music]
Oh
oh [ __ ] me
[Applause]
good morning everybody
it's currently Tuesday and the last
little bit of footage you would have
seen was the end of Tully's and was
amazing as always but then didn't film
the next day it was marks birthday and
we just chilled and also I've just still
been trying to like get over this cold
flu shares but today I'm heading into
the office and we're having quite a I
don't know fun-filled day we're carving
pumpkins at the end of the day I was up
super early this morning finishing off
my bakes because this year in the office
for thee oh not fully open this year in
the office for the bake-off sweepstake I
had Alice and then we realised we had
like three people who didn't have any so
I volunteered to also have Henry and
Henry left the bake-off last week so
that meant I had to do my first of two
bakes Alice is still in the bake-off so
I've got a while for my second
I hope come on Alice but I have decided
to make for my first bake a chocolate
orange cake and then for Lauren who is a
vegan I've done chocolate orange muffins
with chocolate chips and melted dark
chocolate on the top that's why this
looks like this but I'm currently trying
to work out how the hell I'm gonna spit
wonky actually currently trying to work
out how the hell I'm gonna get this into
the office it's a three-tier cake it's
pretty chunky it's pretty big don't want
it to get ruined and then here the
little muffins I did I tried to do some
like curly orange rind and I dried it
overnight it looks okay I'm just hoping
they taste all right I've not actually
tried one of them but yeah I will leave
the recipe that I used in the
description box for any of you they're
interested I actually can't remember
whose website I found it on but yeah I
guess the proof is in the tasting which
we'll be doing later at the office but
for now there's my chocolate orange cake
and too much orange muffin I just need
to try and think of a way to take it
into the office because I don't have a
cake carrier I also don't have a
cardboard box do I just take it in a
cake stand I think I might just have to
take in a cake stand and carry it to the
office in all seriousness I'm not
risking having this messed up before I
even get there okay also a while back I
asked you why some of the plants in my
kitchen had white stuff on them and it's
a thing and I've forgotten what it's
called but it spreads to all other
plants and so many of you were like
being all the plants and start again
you'll never get rid of it and I thought
well the ones in the pantry will be fine
they're nowhere near them when I came in
today and look I've had these for so
long I've literally had these since I
moved in and this is my favorite plant
this one doesn't have it yet but those
two have and I'm a bit gutted oh well
not too sure what to do about that
because I'm pretty sure I can hear you
all screaming bin them before me get
your nice one but yeah so annoying I
don't know why it's happened
should I be carrying this like this most
definitely not we're good
it's pretty tight [ __ ] Ally but it is
it does fit and this is wedged in so
that's not moving okay I think this
might be I mean it would be better if I
could hold it on my lap but I need to
drive so I'm gonna have to wedge it
somewhere in the car I think it's time
we're judging the bake I'm very nervous
I hope it tastes okay choc orange cake
about an hour and a half last night and
an hour and a half this morning to
decorate including Lauren's longer
probably about three and a half hours
overall here she comes
okay the bake-off is done tested what
was my score average score all very
generous I personally thought it was a
bit dry I'm annoyed at myself that it
was a bit dry but you're all very lovely
and no one's at that we have a meeting
we're also carving pumpkins later which
is why we have an entire table of
pumpkins and we have a meeting with the
lush gang and they're coming here this
time which I'm excited about so we've
got a big old spread in the meeting room
look at this it's a Gayle's spread is
there anything more delish then a gala
spread has my lipstick lasting actually
oh no I probably should put a little bit
more on this
last week we were pottery painting with
some lovely viewers and Holly's just
been to collect I'm so happy with that
because you can see the cut the actual
colors now yeah so I did a keeper Cup
oh oh I'm excited to see this ah muddy
so cold
[Music]
let me see inside a little off me and
Maddie went off the same briefed in the
way abstract oh I'm excited to see yours
yours was amazing why there's such a
nice little Christmas play
no pause oh no it's okay drama so it's
there did you
oh and then it took so long I just
stopped drawing but you can see where I
did it myself because it's not nearly as
good berries are so cool
my little cheddar yeah you should it was
it was very therapeutic
okay it's the annual office pumpkin off
it's that time of year who's gonna win
who's gonna come last yea we didn't
actually oh wait did you put them on
Instagram to make people think we voted
no we didn't vote
I think I'm going to attempt to copy
this one on Google on them so there's
some bats a house in a tree hard yeah
I'm gonna try it anyway the hell is that
that's on hand inside a pumpkin sucking
his head end you're right it does look
very weird what are you doing I don't
know you're just freestylin yeah neh
still on the old pumpkins
this is mine got two bats and a little
spooky house and a tree I'm hoping it
looks better litter are you not done
look at Holly's it looks so gory
Maddie's little Cheshire Cat
oh I like this that's so good I promise
I promise it looks cute and then carries
I love that I feel like yours is a
neater better version of mine Carrie no
oh I love the smell of pumpkin oh I
don't feel like mine does look like a
tree the smell of pumpkin is very like
nostalgia k-- like it really makes me
think of this time of year I got it's
10:00 to 6:00 I reckon there's gonna be
a good sunset tonight guys time from the
office after making our pumpkins not
very good light okay and I'm now taking
off my makeup mean-ass we're gonna have
a cute bath and we're gonna do a face
mask going for a super deep cleanse this
isn't an ad for you but I have worked
with them recently on an IG TV they're
just bloody love it use every day
oh my god boss I wanted to show you
something wrong if I didn't tell you my
camera was on now
Alfie's made the transition from landing
to the bar and there is a lot of bubbles
going on I think carry on this is like
we've never done before it's really
funny the face mask I'm gonna go for is
this one it's the lumen Nordic sea glow
reveal of your night mask with vitamin C
yeah you turn all the lights on I
thought I was having a chill nice ball
I only time delightful thing you can
imagine the documentary the house lights
turned on can I also just show you this
this is a mug I made in my pottery and
what's it for stood in yeah China is
actually yeah how did you do pottery
last week with the county that's it
clippety what did you get it back from
the place today yeah anyway dim the
lights put this on get in the back you
up for a face mask I don't know if that
stuff's good for my face what vitamin C
will still feel face then you tell me
you already know my thing shower gel no
I don't use
just water water water washes his face
with bloody water right now sometimes I
do use products if you do
