bye guys we're hi just walk in and thing
there first off that bowls just ask you
you're naked and look at this
[Music]
good morning to
today just woken up shining through the
air but yeah slept the whole night which
was good and now we're getting ready to
learn so quick like I think Phillip edge
of show my right over here which is
bye guys see you later bye
we're home oh it feels nice to be home
really nice to be home and I don't know
if any of you saw ah in our vlogs last
year when me and Alfie went away a
lovely cleaning ladies had put the elves
in different places around the house and
done Bing Bing just didn't seem there
first that was like what the hell is
that prison if the clot is the clog and
it looks like it's opened my advent
calendar is the adult version of Elf on
the Shelf that's so funny look for
another I've seen one by accident I
honestly don't think you'll get it
you're warm very very warm yeah that's
me in the morning with some yoga and a
G&T there's one more I love that where's
the other one
I reckon it will be upstairs surely I
love this game I'm such a big child
I'm just saying upstairs I'm saying that
fire oh look how lovely tree still
looking fresh good mouth yeah right
misuk upstairs
there's still a net or did we look in
the toilet how did you probably have
they have a little bar oh my god what
are these your product my product that
is so funny
that's so they've literally written bomb
what they written that with lipstick oh
my god and he has got his bum out
honestly that I've made my day
Oh Project make myself feel a little bit
more normal is about to I'm gonna jump
in the shower
take off yesterday's makeup fit today's
makeup on and try and stay awake for the
rest of the day
I've managed to shower get dressed put
on makeup but now I feel so weird
oh we're gonna head into town I think
I've got my coca-cola you may or may not
know I don't drink caffeine I don't
drink coffee I don't have tea I don't do
energy drinks only because I guess it's
kind of my past anxiety self but because
I always had such like high-level like
general everyday anxiety adding in a
coffee or even a coke at one point or
paracetamol at one point would affect me
anything that would
cute anything that would like make my
heart go I just avoided which i think is
probably one of the reasons I just I
don't really like coffee or drink coffee
because I never went through that phase
of like buying it and trying it and
drinking it and also while I would never
do an energy drink to be honest now I'd
probably be fine it's just that I don't
know I just don't um but I've got myself
a cheeky coca-cola just to keep me going
through the day everyone else will be
drinking coffee to stay awake and I'm
there with my coca-cola I wonder what
the difference is in caffeine do you
think it's a lot I've got it here well I
don't know where it would say energy yes
is caffeine but it doesn't say how my
own grams no no it doesn't say how many
grams but not the energy 180 kg oh this
is cheeky everything on the bottle is
half the bottle yeah of course they're
not stupid there's no way they're gonna
tell you the high water 100 well then
aperture 250 yeah they do 250 and then
the whole bottle because I'm not have to
tell you how much sugars in it there's a
lot of shut up yeah how much per 90 7
grams of sugar for 54 so imagine way
analogous Oh gram that's a way of 54 so
actually it's the sugar that's probably
just gonna keep me awake not the
caffeine I don't know yeah how much
caffeine look the bottle says two
servings as in like this is two servings
yeah I guess I just don't you know grams
per 3 and 35 mil 7 ok
hmm is that a lot or not yeah hi Aaron
caffeine 32 I do not know that I would
have got Diet Coke in a latte surely
it's 77 milligrams so you have 32 in 3
35 32 divided by 3 3 5 nothing you're
doing all the proper Matt's times 500
you've got 48 grams in there of caffeine
yeah and in a lotta 477 ok so yeah but I
mean this is way worse for me also then
a latte
I wonder nobody on earth sees in this
caffeine content 39 set in my little
latte that I've not latte my iced latte
you've got more bang this then with
Alfie this could be a whole new channel
what has more caffeine this this does
that have caffeine no kombucha kombucha
no there is I think isn't no point 5
percent alcohol isn't it right you
should we make our way into town three
pictures left on this and we're gonna go
and get it develop today we can turn
that into the shop we've got a self
develop that what do you mean
cuz half without the first half of that
bowl was just a few and naked you're
going to drive attended it's not now to
the camera if you would ever do that
he's the most paranoid person in the
world there is absolutely no way even if
I like randomly got my bum cheek out for
one of these he would never take it
because you don't know who's developing
it I wonder if people actually do like
have like naughty shoots on me yeah
think about the stuff that they must
develop in the shops oh I'd love that
job just to see everyone's pictures
I'm watching this it works in a camera
development shop and develops images
however please tell us some of your
funny stories
okay story you cannot send any pictures
if you know copies you can remain
anonymous but I'd love to know what
what's the craziest picture you've ever
developed yeah yeah that's so fun okay
now I'm much more sprightly let's go oh
bit darken it and I turn this light on
we've just run around town picking up
some last minute Christmas bits to take
to my family's tomorrow which is where
we're heading back to work chef tom was
busy but I was ain't Alfie the contrast
from New York to Brighton is so huge
like viruses so like quaint and little
and like cute so as much as I love New
York
it does make you come back and just like
really appreciate right and even when
it's really really busy so the plan now
is to go and get Nala I've missed her so
much and we've just picked up dinner and
it's the strictly phone on tonight so I
think I might wrap these presents with
the final on because that I think is the
only way I'm gonna stay awake we've had
dinner we're doing everything in our
power to stay awake Alfie was at one
point lying on the sofa so I made him
set up how many times that I have to
make you open your eyes you just get the
heck out because you won't watch my
doing stop shop I kept being like Alfie
you know what I do then I was like just
kiss me and then literally it's what you
asked me today it works you haven't
fallen asleep since I'm sat by the fire
and the Christmas tree and we're
watching the strictly final got my
little Nala balla back I don't know baby
she I think she's like sulking with us a
little bit don't you
well I just feel like she's sulking a
hundred percent she's like no you left
me Oh hiccup one of the things which I
think I can say now because by the time
this video goes up I think I will have
already been to my own granddad's and if
not I'll just have to make sure she
doesn't watch it until I get that oh I
don't know whether I should say or not
I'm too scared to yeah my nan does watch
everything when I when it goes up so I
just feel a little bit like if we're
running late and she sees this oh but I
want to film the process maybe I'll
explain and show it later when she's
opened it tomorrow right I've decided
I'm not gonna say what it is because my
nan might watch it and it's a present
for her so I'll explain that tomorrow
when she opens it but I'm sat writing
cards and wrapping presents I'm still
awake all is going well and I'm just
having a great time look at this and for
all my like cards box and then my bits
and pieces box with various different
labels and things like I'm honestly just
in my element doing this I love it
what's the current time so you and look
at this I've wrapped all the presents
I'm so happy with them took me a long
time but we got there in the end I find
it very therapeutic to just sit and wrap
presents before I do it I'm always like
oh I'm really not in the mood to wrap
then once I get into it I really enjoy
it however it's not really something you
can vlog because you don't want everyone
to see the presence you're wrapping so
as much as I love doing it and I love
watching people do it it's just not
really something you can film yeah
because you don't want to ruin presents
I know but I love watching people rap
and I like seeing different people's
ideas so I'm just going to show you a
couple of the things I've
in case this inspires you with your
rapping so on my dad's one I've done a
cross and I was at a candy cane in there
not that he'll eat it I mean I don't
know he might I love this it's like snow
I don't know where I got this from I
think it was John Lewis
that's one of my Nan's presents here's
another one I've done two different
types of ribbons I've done this one
which is like a galaxy one and then more
of a candy cane and then I've popped
I bought these on John Lewis these
little trees that you can use for
decoration and then my nan can keep the
tree I don't know put up somewhere so
that's another one I wonder what present
that could be it's quite an obvious
shape isn't it if you're under 14 you
might not know exactly what else have I
done what else this is Diane's I really
like this label look it's got like
glitter in it says hohoho not calling
Diana ho obviously I also put the same
one on my mum's not calling her a ho
either then we've got this green ribbon
with the gold speck which is from John
Lewis
that's for Joanne and Diane and then on
Joe's present here I use the big tree
and actually I quite like doing this
sometimes just putting the ribbon or
string or whatever you're going to use
just on one side I just think it's quite
nice so I did that to Joe's two guesses
what this is my god is so heavy
and then this is my granddad's present
and again I've done a little tree and I
can't remember where I got these I think
it might have been anthropology but how
cute these little gift tags you can
click so I've click oh my god okay maybe
I'm more tired than I think you can tick
which one you think the person is and
obviously my granddad is dashing so I've
ticked that one but yeah kept it kind of
basic used similar ribbons throughout
but I'm really happy with
and it's one less thing for us to do
tomorrow because we've got to pack all
these up and take them we've got quite a
lot to do tomorrow before that 10:00
a.m. I know the next two days wrapping
paper is from Paper Chase they had a
really good selection Paper Chase was
busy today I've never seen missus schott
yeah I've never seen Paper Chase so busy
at all my life I feel like we should go
to bed soon it's like quarter to 11 now
yeah it's late and we have to get up
early so I've now I haven't really
filmed much today but it's been a day of
kind of unpacking sorting trying to like
get back on this time zone and getting
some last last-minute presents and bits
but I hope you've enjoyed it anyway and
I'll see you tomorrow where I get to
give these and see my family so I'm
really looking forward to that see you
in the morning
