good morning it is currently Thursday
and we got back from holiday yesterday
there's Tuesday night and I've not yet
unpacked so I'm grabbing my makeup bag
out of my suitcase I'm just not one of
those people that um packs the second I
get through the door
so I've prepped primed my face I just
thought I would do my makeup on camera
this morning I've just washed blow-dried
and styled my hair for skincare I've
pretty much just been using this for my
moisturizer is there I'm really I'm
really cream I love it it's very simple
basic stripped back very moisturizing I
put a little dollop of that on the back
of my hand that's probably too much a
little goes a long way and then I've
been really enjoying these this is the
drunk elephant D bronzy anti-pollution
sunshine drops and I add like one pump
of that into my moisturizer just to give
me a little bit of a healthy glow I just
mix it all in on my hand so if you've
been following me on instagram you will
have seen that I went away to the South
of France with Alfie poppy and Sean and
we went for my manager and friends but
birthday wasn't a birthday wedding day
her and Joel got married and it was the
most beautiful day ever oh so bring this
done winner but can you see how already
how much of a difference that's made
like I was pretty much just wearing that
on holiday but yeah the wedding was
beautiful the South of France is bloody
beautiful oh my
goodness I've been to can before with
Alfie but that was for a work thing and
we didn't actually get to explore much
of kin or any of the rest of the south
coast of France and it's not that far
away so yeah it was beautiful a really
beautiful day very hot
south of France was like 34 degrees and
I am one of these people that feels an
extreme temperature I have a kind of bit
of a tough time anxiety wise whilst I
was away which hasn't happened in a
really long time
I just couldn't relax I would find
myself pacing like I just couldn't sit
still couldn't relax couldn't sleep
properly I have no idea why I feel fine
now I'm back here and the flight home
was fine but it's just one of those
things I think refreshed rating because
I loved where we stayed it was beautiful
and we were away for such a lovely
occasion and it was kind of my only
holiday this year so yeah that was
frustrating maybe that's why like I put
too much pressure on it to be like this
is your holiday enjoy it and then I was
just like oh my god I don't know you
never know where these things do this
just just happens just using a little
bit of the Maybelline instant anti-ager
razor obviously had a really lovely time
besides the fact that I just didn't feel
like I could relax it was still
beautiful and it was lovely to go away
with poppy and Shawn it's just the way I
guiity it sometimes isn't it creeps up
on you when you least want it to see now
that's pretty much all I was doing while
I was away I'm not using a mirror this
is why I'm getting a bit stuck cuz I'm
just using the camera excuse me while I
prop a mirror up here
umm I am gonna put a little bit of my it
cosmetics CC cream on just a tiny bit
but yeah got back
instantly felt so much more relaxed and
I really want to go back to the South of
France and do like a bit of a road trip
around I think it would be so lovely
there were so many people that were
doing that my friend Sam who does my
hair her and her fiance we're also doing
that and it just looked incredible so
lots of places I want to go back and
explore so if any of you have any South
of France recommendations feel free to
leave them in the comments okay so
that's just those two products and now
I'm gonna put a little bit of my Chanel
so lady tan solid tan to Chanel bronze
Universal bronzing makeup base it's like
the longest name of a product ever and I
call it something different every time
okay that's all I was doing on holiday
just that and in fact I wasn't using my
CC cream I was using this which is the
Vita Liberata Beauty blur which is a
skin tone optimizer love this it makes
your skin look so glowy and healthy yeah
loved it I was wearing that with the
concealer and it was glorious right what
do I wanna do now see I just kind of
want to leave like this
it's so hard to go from like minimal
holiday makeup back into like yeah
everyday makeup routine I've sort of
forgotten what I used to do I think I'm
gonna keep it quite strict back I'm
gonna put a little bit of the NARS
wanted eyes shadow on like a tiny sliver
guys I have absolutely loved having long
hair so far I just I don't think I can
go back to short hair now I love it
the only thing I really need to do is to
grow out these bits the
these little bits always give the game
away considering how short my hair was
before I put these in I think it could
be a lot worse do a little bit of brow
filling in I watched the I don't know if
any of you have been watching the Jade
Goody documentary I think it's on
channel 4 um all about her and I think
it was like a three part series I
watched the last one last night oh my
god it was so sad just so many things
back then that's like well that wouldn't
happen now and that wouldn't happen now
and the effect it had on her mental
health and it just goes to show you how
far the internet has gone and like
reality TV and reality stars
if imagine would have been so different
if she had her own platform to share
things on I don't know Dan that'll do
for mascara I've used the Marc Jacobs
sorry not as snoring behind me that's
not my ass the Marc Jacobs noir Velvet
no our major Volume Mascara still love
that need to get a new one because I
think it's running low right I think I'm
gonna do big hoops big hoops and glasses
and maybe I'll unpack later oh my get
home damn here's the little snoring
culprit should we go to the office
should we go and see bear come on in
look at my suitcase I've got Milka dying
chocolate biscuit
sweet peaches like what are they called
like savory no you're not savory what's
the word when something's really sour
and these and then some caramel and
biscuit which just looks delicious and
some pictures of me and Sam from Maddy
and Joe's wedding and some PMB ends why
don't we have these in this country
anymore or do we and I just haven't
noticed them in the office now and it's
the afternoon we've already had lunch
I've probably got it around my mouth
have I my old good right I'm not good me
and Holly are just going through the PIO
box there's some very exciting things
here first thing we spotted which Holly
was so excited and is a lush advent
calendar which looks spectacular
obviously I have no idea
did it come with her oh is it in there I
said Holly could cut because we couldn't
open it but I wanted to be able to film
it so that you could see it oh oh cool I
love the colors
wow this feels so crazy that it's August
and we have the first like okay go on
see if you use the faster notice Merry
Christmas everyone
[Laughter]
yeah you're the one that's gonna pick up
a pumpkin spice latte
with that no you fool me again guys
you've just realized to a 500 if you
want one I don't think there's many also
just received this box from wildin wolf
my name is Georgia and I work at Walden
wolf I love your content and thought you
would love some of our games from our
games brand at Wrigley's games hope you
and your friends have family get some
good games nights out of these because
we all love games a lot other words that
pump getting huh shut up okay I very
rarely get sent games I've never seen
before or heard of but this is literally
full of games I've never seen this or
anything again could selfish Smashing
Pumpkins piece snaps I love a fast
reaction game this looks cool Oh 2000s
music trivia game hell yeah yeah make
others discard their cards artists looks
good that's so cool think fast party
game where you know all the answers I've
never seen any of these this is so fun
thank you so much Polly's now is give me
some mm trivia which group had a hit in
2005 with tailgating guerrillas yeah see
you just not giving me the
okay fire
okay go some foot you want in Class
Heroes Arcade Fire mm-hmm who had a hit
with taking papers I doubt yeah who
covered sloped rolls one two
Leona Lewis Kelly Rowland was a member
of woof and Nestle's Charles which sung
won the Grammy for record of the year in
2008 I was 18 maybe a Amy Winehouse yeah
what's up come on rehab
kitchy-kitchy-kitchy yeah yeah yeah oh
my god I could not work I did sing a hot
melody is sticking it in there some
features the line show me a garden was
burning into life oh my god
snow patrol awesome
it's the song everyone loves their
chasing favorite it kinda works
release the album college dropout 2004
is that right yeah because I can put
music to my age that's how I know and
just baby in your eyes I'm a woman's
teenage dirtbag in 2000 we just yeah
let's live it up I got my money
this is when don't spend it up go wild
and smash it like oh my god in which you
did Lady Gaga will insert album of the
famous I'm gonna say 2008 yeah
thanks Holly anyone else seen elaborate
no how nice is this Jim shark of said we
thought we would send you some pieces to
get you ready for week 5 of couch to 5k
keep up the hard work
have I kept up the hard work yeah I mean
up until I went away I'm definitely
gonna get back on it but look how cool
the leg ends and then the little cropped
top I love them thank you so much Jim
shark and then look at these scrunchies
they're so cute I really love the
matching match match yeah oh I love the
length of those ones this looks exciting
our grass unrestrictive brow I'm not
gonna lie this is the second time we've
opened it just because it's so
satisfying so they have a new
micro-sculpting
arch brow pencil which looks very
exciting huh oh look at that a really
fine pencil love that thank you very
much
hourglass okay there's a new Wow look at
the size of them this is the after hours
and happy hour eyes shadow palette so
which ones this after hours oh look at
those four autumnal colors Oh guys this
is autumn in a palette right here yeah
you can give us a saw
very pigmented that would look beautiful
I love that green actually I love them I
really really rate steel I shadows
they're very pigmented very creamy very
easy to blend love them thank you so
much stealer
look at this exciting yellow box who
could this be from Megan what she sent
me to Zoey hope you love your Lenny and
Amy tees love Megan
so Megan has launched t-shirts in her
Saturday by Megan ellaby range that's so
cool I love it oh that's so cute
oh really soft thank you so much Megan
oh my god so soft you would look I love
each day I love it there a bit cropped
amazing Thank You Megan
morning happy Friday I'm having like a
sort out day today it's not gonna bother
with makeup and I'm wearing my comfy
clothes because I want to just try and
sort this room out basically it's a
little bit of a mess and I want to
change it up so the plan is and I'm
gonna turn it around so you can see it
so you know what I'm dealing with then
you can see a little before shot I tend
to do this and I'm not too sure why but
I always take over the spare bedroom
this has now become my sorting out which
of my clothes I want to take to charity
sorting out which of my clothes I want
to give to my mum or any of my friends
any new packages like clothing packages
that I've received coming here sorting
out which things to send back that don't
fit me so I've basically been using this
as a little bit of like her dumping area
for clothes I've basically been using
this is a little bit of a dumping slush
sorting area for plays and a place where
I've been coming in doing my hair and
doing my makeup and then just kind of
like leaving it like this but as I said
in one of my previous vlogs I want to
start going back upstairs to do my
makeup because the lighting is great and
this has just become habit this isn't
because it works better it's just all my
makeups ended up down here and actually
I could be going upstairs so first
things first here is the room as it
stands I'm also gonna be changing out
some of these
prince probably change up the bedding I
just want to revamp it and fall back in
love with this as a guest bedroom
because this is my favorite guest
bedroom but at the moment when people
come and stay and putting them in the
other one because I've taken this one
over which it's not that let's get all
of this out and tidy cuz I know you guys
love a good tidy time-lapse because I
certainly do that for sure and if you're
wondering I was watching what I did that
the governor so some of you may remember
that I worked with desi neo last year to
completely transform this room and do
this gallery wall always wanted to have
a gallery wall never thought I can
achieve it but it was actually super
easy to do and the prints are amazing
quality i love the frames I basically
love everything about des any oh so many
of you guys also love them which is
amazing so I'm working with them again
today for this video and what I'm gonna
do is refresh all of these prints I
still love them and I'm still gonna keep
them because I think it's nice to kind
of jig them around a bit and the website
has thousands of amazing prints and they
get new ones on that really regularly so
I went on had a little look picked some
new favorite ones I picked the correct
sizes for where I think I want them to
go I actually used Photoshop which i
think is a great tip if like me you can
get a little bit bamboozled by sizes and
before placing your order wanting to
work out in which frame you might want
specific pictures because you can drag
on Photoshop you can drag to different
sizes so I've actually used a photo of
this wall and screenshotted the prints
that I really really loved little top
tip for
you and I just dragged them on to the
photo I'll insert a little picture here
of what it looks like but I found that
so helpful and so quick and I was able
to move the images around until I was
really happy with them so if you have
Photoshop or you have another kind of
editing program on your laptop it's a
really great way of before buying your
prints especially if you're going to do
something like a gallery wall where you
want to get multiple different sizes but
you're not sure which prints in which
sizes next to which other prints it's a
really great way of choosing which is
how I chose the new ones that I am going
to be putting in these frames so as I
said does any OU have so many different
prints and people obviously have their
preferences or they might have a color
palette that they want to stick to but
they get new prints in every month so
it's definitely worth regularly checking
so without further ado I am going to pop
the new prints I have ordered into these
frames I'm really excited I feel like
it's such a nice way to completely like
alter a room just change the prints out
especially seasonally okay so my prints
have come in this which is super handy
because it's proper cardboard and it
means they've stayed all nice and flat
so there's a little sneaky peek of the
ones I've ordered here's the picture
that I photoshopped on my computer so
that I can reference that back with
which frames I want to put each print in
and little tip if you don't know where
you want to store the photos that you
had in there before you could do a
little switcheroonie and just keep it
behind the new picture in the frame
though once you've put all the new
pictures in the frames I don't know you
might think actually I kind of preferred
the one before and instead of trying to
dig them out you could just be like
dinner there it is so I'm probably going
to do that with all of mine and it also
just keeps them flat and secure and you
know where they are so that is what I'm
gonna do
gonna make a start I love her I
particularly love this one and this one
and this one I think these ones were all
part of the same sort of series that
they had and I loved them so I've gone
like one here one there one there
I don't really tend to have much of a
theme when it comes to choosing prints
I've gone for quite similar colors again
I've gone for pink just cuz I think it
looks amazing against the turquoise wool
and I've gone for some pops of yellow
pretty similar to the last time because
again I just feel like it looks great on
this wall so like last time does any Oh
have very kindly offered you guys 30%
off on all their websites using the code
zoella between the 3rd and the 5th of
September that offer does exclude
hand-picked or personalized prints but
30% off there are so many to choose from
so do go ahead and have a look see if
there's any that take your fancy and
yeah make use of the offer because it is
a good one there's also going to be a
landing page on the decennial website
which will take you to all of these that
I have picked here so if there's any
that you've seen that you want to get
your hands on and you want to use the
discount code on then check that out I
will leave a link in the description box
to that and all the information for the
discount code and we're also going to be
adding to that
so the zoella team are gonna make their
picks also so you can also see who else
in the offices picked what but to start
with these are the ones that I chose for
my spare bedroom and you can check those
out down below I'm gonna continue by
changing up this bedding because I don't
feel that the orange particularly goes
with the new prints now so I'm gonna pop
some new bedding on here just to really
finish
off of it and done this looks so much
more fresh I love the bedding so this is
the same throat actually if you're
watching the time-lapse and you're like
she took it away and then she brought it
back again I was gonna just have no
throw and then I figured it's sort of
tied it in a bit more so I brought a
throw back and this is from Christie
so other matching little bolster
cushions this cushion in particular is
from HomeSense the spotty bedding which
I bought very recently is from Habitat
and it also came with two pillowcases so
I actually purchased an extra two
because I always have four pillows but
in this instance I actually put these
jersey ones on which are from Primark
I always put these on guest beds because
our feed does not like Jersey material
on his pillowcases so we can never have
them in our bedroom but you never know
guests might like them but I just
thought that pink tied everything in so
we've got the pink and the yellow and
the pink and yellow
why is changin bedding just one of the
worst chores ever I really don't enjoy
it
to be honest love it when it's done it's
one of those chores that's super
satisfying but not my favorite at the
time fresh sheets though fabulous I am
probably now gonna finish watching the
Gavin & Stacey Christmas special episode
and upload my smear test video which I
finally got done I'm really really happy
about it took me so long because there
was multiple different camera angles I
had to sync up and then turning that
into like IG TV forms or having to crop
right in
clip by clip it took me a wee while but
I'm really happy it's done and I hope it
goes down well I'm slightly nervous to
upload it just because it's the sort of
video that you you don't want people
that don't get it to stumble across I
shouldn't be worried about that because
actually to be honest the more people
that see it the better because it is to
raise awareness but at the same time I'm
just a little bit nervous I've never
post anything like that before I don't
really know how it's gonna go down I
feel kind of vulnerable and very exposed
by posting that it is what it is and I
hope it goes down well but I don't know
yet so we'll see I'm gonna go and put
that up now finish watching Gavin and
Stacey
Christmas special in August I'm still on
the Gavin & Stacey height while I've
been uploading everything but yes videos
are all app and already so many people
are saying they've booked appointments
which is incredible
so I'm happy and the feedback has
already been incredible so thank you so
so much to everybody who's been sharing
it and showing it some love and also
donating to Jo's Cancer Trust thank you
thank you thank you
somebody somebody it's a great chin guys
I don't know why she's gone so gray
wolves and
keep still we're going we got him now
that's it
sit or ignore me you're gonna sit oh you
naughty girl good girl
can I see your chin look it your
gray-haired lady look how annoyed she's
getting because I'm not giving her her
dinner quick enough
Oh baby yeah you're so cheeky yeah
oh you're getting dizzy oh you're gonna
get dizzy why are you doing this
thank you music playing I think there's
music playing in my garden
it is coming out of the garden this is
some only human who sings that why is it
paying him Alfie's obviously our and
he's put it on
okay it's not Alfie it's just the
neighbors I was like why'd he put that
on in the garden that's waited oh that's
nice they must be having like a little
little soiree right now really is game
okay so because she's had a funny tummy
we've had her on like her special diet
and usually she has dried food but her
dried food to put it nicely wasn't
coming out the other end in a nice way
so she's on this now which I have to say
absolutely stink and because it's a wet
food and she's a pug so she doesn't have
a snout she basically just sticks her
entire face into this it's made your
tummy better hasn't it and then we also
are slowly introducing some photo
allergenic food which I know is good for
her tummy also so that's what we're
doing aren't we very interestingly she's
been on this hyper hyper allergenic food
before and it completely got rid of her
dog breath I have no idea why someone
will probably know why but yeah her
breath was like a puppy breath which
doesn't smell bad just smells like
there's no puppy got back from France
but I already show you this in the vlog
I don't think I did look at my sweet
peas holy crap I'm so happy look and
they smell so good
they're the fragrant ones but
there's so many there's more than I can
actually pick so I think I might pick
some now put them in a little vials
inside because they smell so good
[Music]
[Music]
there's a little gray hair
good morning it's Sunday
this tops a bit see-through so we're
gonna we're gonna use the hair as nipple
covers okay well breathing it yes I do
have remnants of yesterday's makeup
still on because I didn't take it off
yesterday was sorry I need to be doing
dollars food because she's literally
just so happy yesterday was my friend
Jenny's handy so I went to Oxford which
I've never been to before but it's such
a beautiful city town I don't actually
know the official and it was so much fun
and I drove back from Oxford at about
10:00 so I got back here at about
midnight which too bad okay but I did
that thing where I got in and I put the
TV on and I was really cold so I got
under my blanket and I just must have
fallen asleep because I don't remember
get out and sing prove I'm still taking
this I don't know if I've spoken harder
in a vlog actually I think I'll just put
it on my Instagram two minutes this is
called sim crew I don't remember where I
saw I think I saw somebody on it's
around that was taking it and I was like
oh that sounds really interesting it's
like bacteria to what the mango and
passion fruit flavor it's a 12 week
program I think I'm on week ten I think
I what two weeks after this and it comes
with a little shot glass and you just do
a 70 ml shot every single morning before
you even had a sip
water or any food it's the first thing
that you shot so chin chin
I mean I'm gonna touch word I've had no
cards no illnesses like one cold sore
and you guys know how much I love a cold
sore and I've definitely been like less
bloated and I mean it must be because of
this because I've not done anything else
different apart from like running which
I haven't done in a while either yeah I
don't know I mean if you're interested
in something like this I know lots of
people take vitamins or probiotics or
yogurts or other ways of getting like
live bacteria into your gut to be honest
I don't really know the science so it's
funny better if you search it but I'm
loving it and I think I'm gonna order
some more because now that's part of my
daily routine and I've seen really good
benefits from it I don't I really want
to stop maybe that's the point my friend
made little hen and party bags and I'm
not used inside it yet I'm gonna look
inside it oh my God look at the picture
that's me oh god I must have been like
15 that's my friend Emma that's my
friend bath and then there's Jenny ahem
don't really know what we're doing here
anything wandering around this tiny
village at night because there was
nothing else to do and that's just what
we did oh damn it Oh
ix I don't fill this in when I was with
you I took it away advice for the bride
okay well I'm gonna fill this in it and
I'll send it to you Jenny not I have any
advice because Oh team bride bracelet oh
my god how funny
and she's her purse Itamar in that tab
Oh some tea caramel in lavender tea new
idea ah I should have looked in this
before I left why didn't I look in this
in the morning
Mao on stripes oh my god she knows my
favorite flavors strawberry and apple
some chewing gum so dude what a nice
idea I will fill in the goodbye for the
bride so it says for what it is worth my
advice is always blank never blank
sometimes don't forget to remember I
wish from today it is Alfie's dad's
birthday so I think they're coming here
middle of the day and then we are going
for a roast oh we better Lucci look I
hope you assign my blood looking like
this
and we need to go and buy like a cake
and some little last-minute bits and
pieces so that's what we're doing this
morning
so we need to go and wash my face and so
always a felt and then we'll head into
town so when we were yesterday we did
hunting and we got into a boat and my
friend mouse he's not actually called
mouse he's actually called Alex had the
stick and he was in charge of like the
punting it's hard we just basically get
around in circles it was really really
funny I was like you know when you cry
say love so much you start crying and
then your stomach hurts oh it was so
funny
I've some
got ready I we were on holiday I didn't
wear any mascara and now I quite like
just not wearing any mascara that's why
I said something hiding out right there
in the middle of the round on a buddy
roundabout before yeah so I'm kind of
loving than no mascara saying something
different isn't there anymore yeah we
don't need a cake anymore because
Amanda's got cake so I think we're now
just gonna grab some like snacky bits
and grab a little bit of like something
for breakfast because we've not eaten
then we'll probably head back
do you want to get a many balloons or
anything I need to get a latte a latte I
need an iced hop iced chocolate ice
fight I'll see always mock me for how
many keys I have notice your key ring
it's like your keychain I have one key
ring and it's bigger than give it energy
you have no but I do think the
combination of all the keys is what
makes this so chunky if I took that
keyring off I don't think you'd make a
lot of difference I have a lot of keys
because I need these all the time yeah
you're a tempter but if you have a lot
of keys how do you make it not look like
this I mean it they're always very easy
to find in my bag but it is ridiculous
how many keys I have that takes it half
my handbag I never liked them no I will
never do what I have them all keychains
in certain situations but then you'll be
like I forgot my gate football oh no I
can't go into mum and dads I don't have
their kid I don't carry their key it
doesn't allow you to be spontaneous to
separate your keys and also that he uses
them so no I keep them all together
separating this is not an option I just
wonder if there's another way like maybe
I should just have my own handbag for
there
like permanently attached to my waist
like a bum bag I think you can get a
better system than your 18 little wing
lockdowns there must put them all on one
it's just too it's too bulky instead of
way no but then when do I ever do that
anyway and if I do
you've got to glue us you've got your
weird separated keys like just one key
that you decide to take off and then how
many keys you reckon you've lost over
the years none do we all believe that
now how many do I actually think of lost
of the name no because I find them again
I try them in life I find them in the
tiny little pocket at the top of your
jeans doesn't mean you generally find it
again otherwise that means you've got
rid of I like to say misplaced misplaced
okay okay okay
just discovered the shops don't open
till 11:00 so we've got like an hour
before we can actually do any like
last-minute Prezi buying and snack
buying so we've come into flower pot and
we're sat in the little courtyard oh
you've got your mini pack of cards now
he's got a posh sausage maker with my
friend and I've gone for my fav a nice
chocolate which is just what it sounds
like it is absolutely freezing cold
heart chakra is a twice
[Music]
a little bit later on we've been out for
a roast
oh it's delish we had Nick Amanda poppin
Sean round we did cake and we do
presents and now I'm eating some candy
floss grapes and what you do in working
on a Sunday weirdo we do in your say am
i working on a Sunday yeah you're
filming right now I'm filming but I'm
not anything
what's the film it's not part the job no
this is where you lay down to blog and
distract me I can just tell your movie
to eat grapes together and play cards I
literally got my laptop out to edit cuz
you know I'm gonna have to well I think
we if I put my Crazy's on them play
cards and yeah I do need to edit
I put click on click is such a good film
have you seen it with the remote yeah I
love it
it's times like this I kind of wish we
had a TV in our bathroom so that I could
move all the films up yeah I guess I
could put it on I don't know if is it on
Netflix maybe I could put my laptop
upstairs but it's not the same when
something's on TV it just feels
different
oh you need to keep clean your camera
lens I feel like you've got quite dirty
lens so my guys looking off - you wanna
quality out look at that fresh
I look so tired
yeah Sunday new drop if you'd shut up
Sunday yeah seven days yes on day that
eight yeah okay glad you put it in your
diary do you know what day that is
Sunday yeah
Jim what day that is what's happening on
that they're getting your smear results
no you seem so calm there's no less in
two weeks that's in 12 weeks 12 weeks
your results
yeah well how long you know I did it on
the 9th so where he's already been like
three weeks that's crazy
12 weeks yeah in our area wow it's quite
long um so what's what's what's the 8th
how mark you monkey no yeah I don't know
is it mine our way is in mine George
birthday
yeah because me too I know this because
I always think it's the night and it's
nice yeah yeah Jays best for the night
Joe starring your waitress the musical
is the 9 anyway there's a real boring
medic and oh look at them to their nests
my face and I just feel like I look so I
need some serious rehydration one thing
I do love is this by radical skincare
and it's the express delivery enzyme
peel this stuff is so cool you literally
rub it on your face and all your dead
skin just rubs off pop he introduced me
to that she did it at hers and was like
I have to watch you do it I want to see
how much comes up and it's so funny so
I'm really gonna do that and then I need
like a rehydrate chin face mark I don't
feel like I keep many face masks in here
I do think I have my vitamin C 1 this
one Radian smart that's what I need
face mask spatula
and I'm also going to read my Kindle a
different set now I say when we were
doing the when I did my mini with Kindle
review currently reading the Michelle
Obama book for the developer clerk and
I'm only about 50% through and we've
only got a week left so I need to get on
it and read a lot so I'm gonna do that
[Music]
and you know me I love a good bar
especially now we're coming into autumn
I just love it when it starts getting
darker like her earlier it's cold out
and you come in and you throw another
bath and get all cozy love it I've just
noticed the Alpha decided today to make
his side of bed but not mine
I mean if you're gonna halfway bobber
why not do I mean I never just make my
side I make the whole bed is the only
radius side what they're my throw up
there I don't understand that what a
weirdo oh there's my t-shirt I'll
remember that next time a few days
