[Music]
wait how many hours
[Music]
this is the reality you like normally
you wake up on the first alarm and the
third one went off and then you just
went because I slept it twice then you
just turn it off I'm not having no alarm
we're to jet like that what's the time
let's go get breakfast in the coffee out
of bed
we've both managed to get dressed and
ready for the day and it is 10:00 to
1:00 this morning to be fair
straight after Alfie films that clip of
me in bed we got up we had breakfast we
tidied away a lot of the stuff from the
weekend like put away lots of our new
little prezzies
and empty suitcases etc etc I didn't
started editing well Alfie did I have
not yet but we're heading into the
office we were literally just saying it
feels like it should be like 9:00 a.m. I
feel tired it's one o'clock I might have
to have a coffee and I don't like coffee
you do like coffee you're just nervous
it yeah whatever you taste it you like
it sometimes sometimes it's like
effective there yeah I think you could
easy do like if you went to a nice
coffee shop and asked for a half shot so
like they make a shot of coffee and half
of it
why not that be the same as I probably
listen have an account code yeah I think
this is what it feels like to feel like
you need a coffee
yeah cuz I don't read all that feels
like I feel like that's what it I love
that you're not just off in the morning
normally 30 a.m. is Oh exactly and then
now it's like 9:30 issues that no turn
that a lot more yes very unproductive if
we're both always like that very
understand maybe tonight at 2 a.m.
you'll be like yo let's let's go edit
that's not productive if that's not
waiting that's not okay
and we went to bed early wait how many
hours sleep though we just have 12 hours
sleep we did it yes we didn't go to bed
at 10:00 I work about at 9:00 you did 8
no no no we do that oh really
11 hours sleep 11 hours sleep we're
heading into the office Alfie's got some
meetings I think because we've been in
New York and then we went back to see my
family we need to get back into like
work mode
people again annoy did he most hello I
need an answer on this please where are
you alone not that demanding I've seen a
very nice polite way but still we need
to like check back in with like work
life
which I think I'm gonna struggle with a
bit because I just loved New York so
much and like loved being so Christmassy
and festive with family in the weekend
it feels a bit like I should now be like
checked out for Christmas do you know I
mean it feels like now is office closes
then they'll be like that
and we also realized we still have so
many presents to buy and the present
panic has set in so we'll probably be
doing that at some point oh that's a
nice trade that's massive
well he's just given me that these PJ oh
my god so saw mm-hmm
Thank You Chelsea Piers thank you open
the let one - yep okay are these the
ones except everybody yeah okay for a
dog and now he's got some as well but
we're gonna can the guy offered to bring
her I was already in town oh oh thank
you that's so cute it's the nicest
[Music]
right here is a small selection of some
Christmasy we're going to try and get
through as much as we can yep we'll get
through all of it and see what these
lovely brats have sent this looks very
exciting
Oh Kristi there's some very lovely
brands here is that Lily's kitchen or
okay right let's go
[Music]
and now I need to run into a film
meeting much later now after meetings
and chats it's about time we head back
to our doggy but before I do is it
turned on No who remembers this do you
want to do the honors house what are you
my dear no underneath
[Music]
[Music]
hi me and I'll see we're just saying how
we have already filmed anything today
halfway it's been an office day catching
up with people sorting through emails
and important bits and pieces so it's
7:30 now we did manage though to pick up
a cheeky food order before we left and
obviously I went for wagamama because
it's my favorite if any of you are
wondering what my classic go-to Wagamama
order is it's a chicken katsu curry
because I'm so original and the chicken
gyoza and more recently they brought
back the vegetable tempura which is
phenomenal I love it but it's not on the
delivery menu so I didn't get it this
time also like to get a side of extra
katsu sauce just in case sometimes they
put loads in and sometimes there's not
that much but I like to have a lot of
Katzie sauce so I'll I think extra and
Alfie what did you go for a little pasta
a vegetable and chicken plus
well yes not really that little and also
a side from Russia the best thing like
if you like fish yes I knew they used to
have it and then they brought it back
mm-hmm shrimp tempura yeah I think
that's what it is it's just it is quite
fishy so if you don't know fish don't
get it but it's so yet and also my
favorite kind of food is the kind of
food where you can just grow this but
you have
a massive mouth you can do that with a
Pringle you can make sure you do that
with anything tight oh yes ready in
knowledge got this little I think it's a
Nylabone she basically she can't have
the bones that she can swallow really
easily because they make her put on
weight so we have to find her one that's
good for her teeth taste delicious is
fun to chew but she can't actually like
consume it so she's you've had this one
going for a couple of weeks now this is
one of the ones I picked up in home
scents cleaning your teeth on there
because if any of you have a pug like we
do they are known for hating having
anyone look in their mouth like I mean
unless you've changed your train your
dog to let you do it
the vets have told us and numerous
occasions yeah pugs don't like you
looking in their mouth so that makes
brushing her teeth so hard we've tried
for years so many different ways but I
think having something to chew on is the
thing that works the best for her
because she doesn't really realize she's
cleaning her teeth at the same time I'm
not sure how I got on to dog cleaning
teeth while stam also eating my dinner
but there you go
do not need some bed right there nah I
like it like this it's cozy you know any
garage car hey Derek who's Gary your
cameraman I usually go with trying to
make a funny joke it's not funny I must
stand up for this Ron can you sit down
please how's your puppy and my leg
accident is Bill tear you just spat on
me our feelings know that you absolutely
smoked that one minute let me get your
chocolate don't climb that's so rude
all over my face Phil there yeah that's
never gonna dry
that's legit can you wait forever now
I've [ __ ] yet I've ruined your hair
quick call Sam your hairdresser
quick quick no no no hello our house is
flooded my government's hair is ruined
can you just sit and shut up come on oh
goodness sake no you're not trapping me
I wanna stand up for this video and
that's when I was most comfortable right
because we haven't really filmed much
today and we need to speak for yourself
this is your video so you filmed lots
today healthy I also haven't okay so
because we haven't filmed much today or
I haven't done much hair on my vlog one
of the comments that I saw on the vlog
uploaded today actually and had quite a
lot of thumbs up was please can you sit
down and talk us through some of your
favourite games games that we play a lot
and love a lot and we would recommend to
you watching but also just great like
gifts if your family or game have you
yeah so you're gonna fart on my head
then if you're like us and you love a
good game this time of year or you want
a present idea I feel like we've got you
covered if you can have gains I don't
like I love once I - he's just brought
his own Ken doll Miren yeah there's no
promo they've sold out on the website
that's not a game for everyone to enjoy
I don't enjoy some of these games you
picked that is a game that I enjoy okay
but like these are all great games right
let's start also there's only one game
you don't like here okay you go first
first game which is not in any order or
this isn't in any order but Alec annum
we're not you talk through the rules of
these games you can go and google that
if you want to or what could be smart is
us link them on Amazon moving affiliate
yeah we'll do that affiliate links in
the description of in yes I want you go
looking for them I'll link them all
right double we've talked about this for
years double is amazing double is a very
quick paced um kind of frantic game
anyone any age can play you could
literally play this you against a
six-year-old and it would genuinely be
fun yeah and I think that's why they're
no match I personally quite like an
upbeat fast-paced competitive game and
that's what this is not everyone is a
fan of that actually just too much to
handle kind of like imagine snap but
more intense more intense and you could
have actually snap you can have lots
people playing better version of snap
yeah way better
you can also get there is versions what
I know you can get Harry Potter version
Star Wars version a Disney Princess
version and animals version numbers I
personally love the classic game we do
have a couple of the other ones though
another one that you love I love this
yeah this is actually Copa port which
again is super fast pace great with a
group super hold your breath like dress
well I didn't realize I wasn't breathing
tiny little pieces tire a nice a couple
of little die and you can play on like
the good thing would double is that you
can just put that in your bag in just
carry around and play any words we like
to do it when we're waitin for meals or
at the park or whatever similar to this
it you don't have to use this box we
often just put these pieces in our bag
yeah a little power like in a pouch or
something such a good game probably not
the best for two people this is probably
better with four or five or six yes
it still works with two but I love this
with like a six group kind of vibe
double again double words of any any
group yeah quick pace those two yeah
yeah let's do Bananagrams neck sense
Bananagrams a very different kind of
game this is actually the party version
which I wouldn't recommend it the
original metal we don't play with the
party pieces in this so I would say just
go for the original version Bananagrams
is really it says it's I mean this is
the part additions but I wouldn't say
you would play this at a party this
isn't like you and your friends with
drinks this also isn't at the dinner
table Eva this is like you sat down this
cozy Sunday and you don't want to play a
game with your family or we play a lot
on holiday when we sat by the sun
loungers things like that basically man
I dedicate to time to play games so
everything code before table where you
can play at any time and that quick and
over very quickly word racing frenzy
that sees you still letters swap places
and destroy other players words on grid
you don't destroy the non one this takes
probably this is kind of like a spelling
game you guys you have to use every time
you get to make words and probably takes
about 10-15 minutes per game depending
on how many of you are playing yeah yeah
but maybe by 15 it's a really great way
to exercise your brain in terms of
creating words and oh yeah we're a
family that love Bananagrams so yeah
that is like my mom's favorite yeah
literally we land on the plane on
holiday
okay $10
doesn't have to be a future self kendama
because they're not available great
present I would try to describe this and
I like this and a similar of all of
these legit you think I'm joking I'm
genuinely in serial a number one with
this you're learning a skill like this
is genuinely fun to learn and improve on
but also it's taking time away from your
phone like the owner of Corey got a guy
called thorkild that I worked at him on
this
he loves it and his life
message in a story behind the brand is
like it gets people off of their phones
away from social media away from screens
that can let their laptops their TVs
whatever and then literally plain would
like a bit of wood I think it's true for
us in general that like one of the
things we do a lot as a family is games
because none of us are on our phones
like that's I called one foolproof thing
of like we know we won't be on our
phones because we're all playing games
and I do think so that's like a
one-person game yeah I get that
the love that you find off of getting
off of like things and playing a game I
can get that with that self yeah kind of
like someone playing musical instrument
I suppose yeah but that's like learning
a skill next one this is a newer
addition we found this last year found
discovered I think they sent it to us or
did we buy it
I bought down the shop we didn't have
like high hopes for it we just saw it
and thought this looked cool yeah you've
got crabs it's because I know fun it's
designed by opened up in the shop and
then it had all like little drawers or
the little pieces and I was like okay
the design of this is so cold that the
games going to be good because it just
looks lovely
I think optimum amount of players is six
I think any more than that it's just a
game
yeah I'm like six six is I don't think
four is the best I think six is them if
you're playing in couples be prepared to
have many an argument over this every
time every time we play we try not to
and we still do I actually don't want to
give away how you play the game I think
you just have to trust us if you need a
new game and you want a new game at
Christmas you have to play in pairs
though so you can't play like two or
three yeah Pass
you could either go like I don't know if
you're with your friends go with your
friend if you're in couples I think it's
quite fun to play in couples personally
or you mix it up yeah like you'll go
with your mum or poppy with your poppy
like we legit wouldn't be siblings
anymore we played this together but I
highly highly recommend this again it's
not it's not a cash game
this is a game that you're all like so
into gets quite competitive if you're a
bit of a rowing family maybe avoid this
play
it'll be get your guy I'm a tween to
know what this is it's a classic you
know when you hold it to your head yeah
I've never seen this in my life I know
what it is what it for this Christmas
okay it's just that simple game but I
just think they're so good at
Christmastime it's kind of like heads up
yes printed version so this is just a
little one I bought from Waitrose it's
the Christmas version of Who am I where
you guess by asking questions yes or no
it's something we might we always play
when we go to your mum's sure we always
like it will use write it yourself on a
bit of paper yeah you can use post-it
notes and stick it to your head but also
again that I would recommend a Christmas
time to grab another bit of a classic we
don't really need to describe it much
but it is just good isn't that against
humanity we don't need to explain that I
will say you need quite a dark humor and
it can get pretty Savage I know it's not
for everyone I know some people
absolutely 70s on the side yeah you have
to be of a certain age play it you have
to have a certain type of type of family
as well to him to play this way yeah I
think this is more it's funny with
family if you get them very well we were
family but I think this is great with a
massive group of friends I am very
jealous if you ever create in this game
because they must be so wealthy you can
this has to be like sure like extension
one of the most sold games in the last
five years actually called a party game
for horrible people
that sounds up forever classic go fish
I've included this because we play this
a lot don't we like on holidays you
should bring what go fishes yeah that's
wrong trying to member which one it is I
was going to say is it the family one
but it's the same at the fish so it's
kind of like a happy family
yeah what's the one where they have like
the Baker's yeah
families yeah but it's a fish version
yeah guys gonna say I was like you
basically have to try and collect four
of the same by taking them off of other
people who have got them and it's like a
little bit of sneaky game and a memory
game at the same time I'm trying to
remember who's asked who for what cards
then you remember that they've got it
then you can steal it off them a very
good table game if you're sat on the
table waiting for a meal yeah it takes
10 minutes for around 5 to 10 male just
really fun whenever we get this out we
end up playing it for like hours over
and over and over again so I was like we
have to include that in there because as
well as happy families I think something
something where you've got to collect
can't play that of a normal deck of
cards because it's four of each card
yeah I'll go for this guy
yes so you see who can flip it the best
now this is Rummikub I feel like people
are gonna pronounce it differently
and people are gonna say you pronounce
that wrong yeah I don't have to open
this one I think it's the other way
you have to which they're in there but I
don't know whereabouts is this a new one
no we've had this one a long time custom
cars his mum and dad's ones in the box
of the ones some people's ah they have
plastic ones it's like really like in
fact we've played this a lot in vlogs
and so many people ask us what game that
is what is the game where you all have
these hidden to yourself yeah I don't
really know how to explain money it's a
maths game you don't you don't need to
be good at maths but you have to have to
count up to probably like 30 36 actually
normal people mostly about like patterns
and trying to get rid of your tiles yeah
it's kind of like a weird Scrabble
version you have to get rid of your
tiles by even put in three of the same
number together or minimum three or
sorry
minimum through at the same time
together or consecutive numbers too
one two three or seven eight nine or ten
eleven twelve and we're most likely to
play this again on a Sunday where we're
having like a day of games or at the
dinner table when we're done or out on
holiday
that's not take you to the problem this
is not a table this is a sit down for
one hour one play two or three rounds
yeah and it's play is better to play on
a table we have yeah you need a big
space for everyone to play this one's a
new one yeah I got that last Christmas
didn't I
ah for your birthday actually September
oh my birthday yeah so this is called
Kenzi and it is simply ten dice in four
different colors and how many different
versions have been only five different
colors is it five four or five and
there's about five different games you
can play with these dice all very simple
a bit like double and Cobra Paul where
it's like quick fast-paced competitive
games getting your head in hardly
breathing trying to like but we loved it
it was such a good and so easy to pop in
your bag anyone any age from play so
like this this is the ticket to the pub
Kona game definitely now you can let use
em to those starts where you could just
bite it and again any age yeah so like
one of the games on this is for people
you have the tender age of yours and
it's the first one to roll one yeah so
you roll will you die let you choose a
number each and this first one to roll
all of them the same safe your number
six you roll or ten say I get three
sixes of them to the side then I roll
the others until one of them is a six
that put to the side that's like it's
super simple sound so sure but it is
much fun which is why I was it so quick
like a game will be over in like a
minute
No twenty seconds I'm gonna grow gonna
grow
gonna go who's drawn a dick on this I
think it was Jim we've got a game called
hot seat that we haven't played for a
little while actually since last
Christmas really good one I've played
this actually on a manger
video with utonium like I think that
came from that's a Jim drawing if I've
ever seen one
so hot see is its kind I have explained
it so you have a question you have a
question is like the question mass that
kind of person so I'll read a question
that says something about me for example
are we setting up a business no but this
is quite an easy one to just explain
where is the weirdest place that I
pooped then let's say me Joe and Diane
all right an answer pretending that you
are me because I'm the person reading it
are you writing my own answer put it
down I then read everybody's answers
nobody knows whose I'm reading when and
everyone has to vote who's they think my
answer was so when you're answering it
you're answering it pretending to be me
and then if somebody else picks you
answer thinking this my answer you get a
point if you guys can choose my answer
and you work out which one's mine then
you get a point
do you know what it's like it's read
it's exactly like that app that Ellen
did the second one
you know she's got heads up she's also
got the other one called something else
I'm gonna have to google it out because
I would also say get these games because
they're great but it's so good night
it's like psych okay yeah it's like on
my phone yeah it's so good so fun
[ __ ] yes funny is like it's quite you
can get quite rude yeah cuz obviously it
could be like a rude like a slightly
rude question and then everyone's bright
and stupid ridiculous answers and here's
a good one again that that takes like a
good like you want like an hour to play
that I would also recommend to download
site if you want to play if you think I
don't want to get the board games out
site and heads up like I think Ellen's
you're in the park I'm inside a great
Josh and she's man all money on heads up
then her bloody TV show heads up its
scary number one in the charts still for
like yes yes
put together I actually think I prefer
psych - heads up personally psych psych
is literally like hot seat but if
everyone you're with has a mobile phone
and you're like oh we didn't bring any
games especially if you're in the pub or
somewhere we're saying that like we go
to the pub a lot we do quite a bit and
psych syncs up with other people's
phones so if you have the app then it's
like other people's not just if you're
with them me and my friends have played
there's my friends back home we go into
our group chat more like anyone up for a
game of size and we all log in right
yeah I don't that's called or a really
lame like really I think really wasted
in that um probably like in the other
and play my kendama I'm gonna do this
one because you're never gonna pick this
one up
Cluedo I love it it's I just love this
game so much it doesn't take too long
it's not like monopoly is long not
please the difference between Cluedo
monopoly a monopoly so I managed to get
a few goes of the whole family playing
this before Alfie and poppy right
it's game-like but me and Shaun really
love it so sometimes we managed to
persuade poppy and Alfie to play I don't
know what it is about food oh I just
think it's such a good classic game I
like that you have to be a bit of a
detective I like that you also have to
be quite smart trying to work out what
other people are marking off like yeah I
do like if you all know what you're
doing it could go quite quickly in you
and you have a great game but I I just
personally would play this over monopoly
any day
monopoly is long yeah no we don't have
it in this because it's just so you need
like you just set aside a whole lot Ludo
you could do that in half an hour I
would play cluedo if there was three
games in the world and one of them was
Cluedo but the fact that there are the
game options out there I would rather
play those no I love
joy but not as much as any of the other
games we've got out please tell me
you'll of Cluedo in the comments if you
do please tell me I'm not the only one
no no it's just better but not really
also I don't think we own a copy or have
a copy but you can get travel and
monopoly and that's very good as well
we've never properly played it though we
sit yeah we did in France yeah it's a
very different game to actually nothing
like normal monopoly bit score but if
probably ensure more in this video
that's the game they would show but if
they loved it and we did sit down and
play it one you like playing restaurant
or whatever but every time we go to do
it our food arrives me have to put it
all away don't we yeah but I think it's
because we're quite bad at the game that
takes us ages yeah and every time we
start we forget new people every time
explain the rules but the time we did
play when we're in France but I really
enjoyed it so travel version of Monopoly
definitely get it and see Nala snoring
in the background by the way which one
do you prefer those two I think this one
this game by on-the-nose absolute banger
I don't think this is too popular I
wouldn't be surprised
hardly any of you heard of this again
just some nice little pieces that I
would take out and put them in like a
little bag yeah okay so this box is so
big you could play this like a Hebrews
referencing in the pub but whatever is
irrelevant for you you could play this
in the park if the ground was flat where
you go when you chill super super simple
little numbers game okay we don't need
to be good at maths it says for 2 to 6
players ages 7 to a dog it probably
takes like what 15 minutes because it's
fast to a certain number isn't it fast -
yes - because it's rounds it's different
right maybe like maybe about 20 minutes
off now of them yeah so good though love
that game in fact I kind of want to play
it okay and then this one which is
actually second-to-last is the last
thing I don't have
I can find in two seconds you'll see
scroll wheel of this game we play this a
lot this one's a good one it's kind of
like pictionary but a bit more modern a
bit more fun get given a card with what
you have to draw and then you pass it to
the next person whom has to write what
they think you've drawn it's kind of
like the whisper challenge
imagine I'm through drawing I would just
go back in the day when you'd like
whisper something and then they have to
whisper it someone else they'd whisper
it to someone else that game drawing but
drawing and writing so I would draw say
it said but it's really random things
like on here on the example of the
backers angry barbecue so I would draw
an angry barbecue then show Zoey she
writes in words what she thinks that is
bow if you can't see what I've written
then shows it to the next person who has
to draw I've written write it then draw
it then write it until the last person
and then the last person reveals and the
first person who said usually it's
nothing like what it's supposed to be
and then everyone reveals along the way
obviously and it's like how the bloody
hell did you know that I was now a
barbecue oh well I thought abstention
then that's why I wrote this and this is
it it's funny okay and the last thing I
don't know what you're getting out right
now a trustee he Oh
I'm sorry they're not that Syed they
don't beat yourself ones are they now
and they still are available on the
website okay I don't know where they are
I'll link the futures now smash these
ones are the ones that means that point
on an actual mission around New York to
find because we really wanted to play
cards a classic pack of cards is just
where it's at that's what we Trump over
any of this is decadent yes because you
have so many games in here our favorite
being [ __ ] which we actually I'll
leave a link to the video where we
explained how to play that
it's a bloody long videos make sure you
got like 25 minutes
like this it is the best card game if
you want to learn more yeah pack of
playing cards Anytime Anywhere probably
the most placing of everything here yeah
if you know a good card game there isn't
[ __ ] head or sod on golf we please let
us know in the comments because so many
people message me about them and then
I'm not oh yeah I'll remember that and
then I forget the name of it so I want
the comment section of this video to be
like a hub of good card games that we
can all read you guys read them as well
and we can all like search online and
rate them and also any other games that
you think judging by the ones we've
picked yeah that we like that you're
like you guys have to play this you'd
absolutely love it right okay so that's
all our games thank you I hope you found
that useful thank you for the idea I
also would just like to point out I do
actually have a list of invitees yeah
because I wanted to check I wasn't
missing any out earlier and you
literally whipped it out open with the
book that's something anyone has this if
you happen there's already a section
where I talk about like the casual
family get-together all the games I'd
recommend the friend sleepover all the
games I'd recommend the like more lively
house party etc etc they're all listed
in here I ask if you do have the hectic
house party there's some games for that
as well yeah literally Ring of Fire
this is there actually but yeah thanks
so much I'm gonna I'm gonna end not an
engagement ring that's for sure
[Laughter]
get it okay because we're now gonna film
a Q&A over an alpha Channel so once you
finished watching this make sure you go
and check that out if you've no idea why
I'm after this video which I doubt you
have no idea like but thank you and I'll
see you again tomorrow
gonna see mark tomorrow give each other
our presents so that would be nice
[ __ ] any together I mean mark you've
been watching I've bought you so much
actually no Navi was about that [ __ ] I
just said got so many I'm going to the
shop now
see you later no Q&A then night
