[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning as you saw from my previous
as you saw from my previous time lapses
I've had a morning of tidying because we
had lots of people around yesterday it
was Diane's birthday so Joe and Dianne
came down lots of Alfie's friends came
around to play on the halfpipe ride on
the halfpipe I mean I'm not down with
the skateboarding lingo so I'm not too
sure what you do on it but we had a
really really nice day and there's like
lots of us and it was really chilled and
we just played games and had a really
really nice Bank Holiday Monday which is
really throwing me off because I keep
thinking it's Monday today but it's
Tuesday we've got a Chinese last night
so that was quite a lot to clear away
this morning then I have my breakfast
and started on my edit and I'm not gonna
lie that's all I've done so far today
I've forgotten how long it takes me to
edit a lot of footage and obviously I
had all the fruits footage all my
birthday footage and everything I filmed
on Saturday so there was like two hours
worth of footage that I needed to cut
down and then my laptop kept freezing so
I kept having to restart I'm not gonna
lie I don't even have a bra on yet I
haven't even brushed my hair or washed
my face it's just one of those days so I
am just about to jump in the shower
before I do I wanted to talk about the
shampoo and conditioner brand that I
have been absolutely loving for the past
two months this is an ad ad however I
would be talking about these products
anyway because I am so happy that I was
introduced to this brand that brand is a
function of beauty and they are a
haircare subscription service so you go
on their website which is really cool
really easy and I did this myself and
you fill out a questionnaire based
around your specific hair type because I
think for most people having the
healthiest hair you can is your aim and
this just makes it so much easier
because you can be very specific about
what it is your hair actually
needs and they're able to fulfill that
for you not only was it just like a
really fun process getting to pick my
shampoo conditioner
I'm obsessed like I'm telling everybody
to do this I've met I made Maddie get
the subscription and she's already
loving it I just I have noticed such a
difference in my hair I don't feel like
it gets as oily it's much more shiny I
don't know if you guys have noticed in
the past like a couple of months but I
feel like it's I don't know I just don't
I feel like it's more moisturized it's
not as frizzy like I mean I've not done
anything with it right now this is
probably not the best example I am about
to go and wash my hair so maybe I'll
show you afterwards
I'm actually only required to talk about
this for 45 seconds but I know that
that's not really possible because I
just feel like I have too much to say so
it comes like this look it's this
function so it so it comes in a box you
can pick what size you want look at this
it comes with stickers which I'm not
gonna lie when I first got mine I kept
these stickers for my scrapbook but I
have seen on their Instagram that they
stick them to the bottles and it looks
so cool and then you get your little
like menu which is everything you've
selected so for my profile I've got wavy
medium and normal my goals are thermal
protection to replenish my hair which I
definitely feel like it's done anti
frizz which are a hundred percent has
helped with shine a hundred percent oil
control literally everything I just said
I feel like it's made a difference is
everything I selected then you can pick
the color and the fragrance this was
probably the thing I was most excited
about so these are two fresh ones
because I thought would be much nicer to
show you straight out of the box what
they look like and I picked this lovely
like orange shade and the scent I picked
was the beach they also have I think
they have an Apple one which I might
have to get next time and I tell you
what I like a good shampoo and
conditioner where the wind catches your
hair and you smell your shampoo and
conditioner because so many like
shampoos smell really nice in the shower
but then you don't read Samara Samara
Tanya
again you can't really smell it on your
hair again but with these you really do
it also comes with pumps you have no
idea how happy I was because great if
you want to travel you can put the lids
back on if you need to travel with these
giant ones or they provide you pumps
which I use on mine in the shower and
then if you want a pair a bit extra
which I actually would recommend to get
these because these are the best things
I've ever seen for travel
this one says shampoo on it this one
says conditioner it's got a really nice
flip squeezy lid and this is made out of
like rubber or silicon and it's like
squeezy and they're fabulous so you can
have those as an add-on if you select
though I think you might just have to
pay a bit more for those I love it these
are mine from the showers they're a
little bit damp but yeah love it so I'm
gonna leave a little link in the
description box for any of you that want
to go over and check it out the quiz
literally takes like two minutes to do
it's basically all your personalized
hair preferences you can choose the
color you can choose the fragrance you
can choose everything it's fabulous
there's also no parabens no sulfates no
toxins GMOs and it's 100% vegan and 100%
cruelty free so basically great for
everybody if you do use the link in the
description box you'll automatically get
20% off your first order which is super
generous of them so I would definitely
urge you to take up that offer let me
know what you think let me know what you
choose Samwise I would say that's
probably the hardest bit okay so I'm now
gonna go and hop in the shower I just
want to sit and stick all these stickers
on this now it's very therapeutic
I'm just bloody love stickers who says
stickers are just for children I highly
disagree right I'm gonna take this back
with me because I need to actually use
it and I will see probably back here
when I decide to do my makeup sorry I'm
still here I just wanted to say I really
love this room I really don't come in
here that often Alfie was ill recently
and I slept in here because AI did not
want to cat
 and B I just get waking up because
he kept waking up so I was like I'm
gonna get in the spare room I came in
stayed in here and I just really liked
it I like the vibe I like the colors and
I like my prints
anyway I'm gonna go do my hair getting
shower and put a bra on and get dressed
probably not just the aurora i'm going
to attempt i'm not very good at this
every time i do this whenever she does
my hair I always think yeah got it I
know what she did there do you see what
I mean is too much of a car when I do it
[Music]
hair done actually hasn't gone as bad as
it usually does I'm not gonna lie but I
definitely need to sort out I'm gonna
have to just get Sam to sit with me and
teach me how to do it because I find
straightness so much harder but I love
how it looks a little bit more wavy
rather than curly when you dip the
straightness gonna do my Mane now
[Music]
[Applause]
and I'm done and I used essentially the
same thing that I used in my other vlog
when I got ready except they did it a
lot quicker because I wasn't chatting
away so so we go just finished editing
my thumbnail and getting my video up
it's currently uploading
Alfie's also in here we've been we've
been having like a bit of an editing day
home where Juliet attained currently sat
at a little table which I did put on
Instagram but I haven't shown you in a
vlog but I decided our conservatory
needed because we just have nowhere to
sit and eat and so many times we would
have people run for dinner or it would
be a really nice day I me now if we
would sit on the sofa at breakfast in
here so I thought it would be nice to
get a table and chairs and so far it's
been one of my favorite purchases ever I
love it I don't know how we went so long
without having a table here it just
makes so much sense the dining room
started in by that's not breakfast the
dining room is also I think more wintry
I don't know why I think because it's
darker it's like when we have everyone
round for a Sunday dinner and it's cozy
and it's got the fireplace and it's dark
grey and it's like it's bit informal or
when there's like loads of us but for
just everyday having a meal or working
on the laptop or what playing cards we
needed this table so yeah I'm very happy
it got it from Habitat really super easy
to put together and so far loving it
very nice quality I love Habitat for
home staff as I was saying whilst my
videos just uploading and I've just done
a thumbnail which took me forever
because the program that I use is called
PicMonkey and it's changed and it's like
really sparkly now and I had no idea
what I was doing I'm now watching
conversations with the killer that Ted
Bundy takes I don't really know too much
about Ted Bundy it's not something I've
really looked into much before but the
Zac Ephron film came out what's it
called shot
me evil extremely wicked shockingly evil
and vile
yeah that's extremely wicked shoving the
evil and vile I me and Alfie watched
that and it was really good really dark
and crazy so now I'm watching the series
they're like documentary series about it
on Netflix yes I don't know how I didn't
know about it you guys know I love my
true crime and like I find it also
interesting but I've never heard of him
good morning it is now currently
Wednesday and as you can see I'm in the
office with my little bestie who has
been scrambling at my legs from the last
hour trying to get on my lap it's under
why she's being so needy today big very
needy oh sorry I've got a runny nose
askew is the most disgusting day today
outside I feel like we've been very
spoiled with all that sunshine and now
it's raining it's like no oh I think
there's a men in here are there those
aren't voices I know all the fire people
testing the fire alarms Josiah vlogging
is that crazy girl so yeah coming to the
office
I didn't end my vlog properly yesterday
because I got a really horrible headache
I've had to in the last night week which
I did go through a period of having them
quite a lot but not that close together
when you suddenly just become very
conscious of the fact your furnace yeah
had a really horrible headache but it's
thank goodness for the colon soothe
forehead strips
I ordered about eight packs of those
recently from Amazon and they came very
very useful pretty sure I put them in a
favorites video once I'll show you
because I love them so much feeling okay
today though I feel a tiny bit like
fuzzy but nowhere near as bad as
yesterday it just like came out of
nowhere my blog went up you all liked it
thank you so much and I'm notice editing
another vlog and then I have an
interview with Grazia I'm allowed to say
that is it a secret you never know with
these things sometimes
so yeah go on then that was 2016 you
didn't know 2016 cause they won our
partner any more questions any more
tests my zoella knowledge Laurens just
made me a butter mint tea because the
office is far freezing the whole
buildings heating goes off in spring
naturally because it starts to get
warmer but then you have days like this
or it's like oh no really cold and no
heating so we're all on the tea
and we all still have our coats on like
everyone oh you got your coat on
actually Lauren you're crazy
she's well layered we are all preparing
for the launch of film which is tomorrow
or as you're watching this today today
so yeah as you're watching this film app
should be available for you to download
so let me know if you download it yeah
on the App Store go go go we're just
finalizing lots of last-minute bits of
pieces press releases I have a
questionnaire I need to fill out don't I
it's not probably sit and do that now
whilst my video renders right I'm taking
myself into a meeting room because I'm
about to do my little phone interview
which I get really nervous for I don't
know why I always get really nervous of
Antibes I'm sure it'll be fine
it's about my evening routine is not
you've been like not even anything that
I need to like prepared off this wall
but I just get really nervous for them I
think mostly just because I don't want
to have like a brain fart moment where
I'm like I know what I want to say but I
don't have to say it like I'm not very
good at like public speaking or speaking
to somebody that I don't know very well
I always like overthink like how this
come across or what I think I mean this
when I say this or my neighbor
syncopations better please enter a
conference I be
[Music]
you will not be into the tree hello no
I'm good how ye I know I've seen you in
ages
[Music]
alrighty mine done ready should go out
come on let's get back into the office
oh hello easy lovely interview yeah
we're just getting off till making a
hairy baby
yeah no no we don't know his name let's
make our guesses we should have an
office scare Brad well we haven't had an
Arthur yet have we oh you can't actually
see me the sun's come out how wait is
that and I ordered a Wagamama because I
was like Oh rainy day want something
quit warming so I'll go for a katsu
curry
so my wacko mom has arrived but now it's
funny so I mean I'm still gonna eat it I
like that you could still see her bump
yeah she's not wearing my dress
[Music]
comedian we've decided to do an office
suite steak for the new Royal baby name
so far Curry's gone I'm gonna Edward
Edward as Teddy which is so cute I kind
of hope that's what they go oh I've gone
for Arthur have you decided yet sir
Spencer okay Laurens going Spencer it's
Diana's maiden name yeah see yeah we
shall see just bought an honour a new
bed from home sense I think she likes it
this looks comfy oh she's also got a
chew but she's very excited about you're
gonna fall what are you doing good girl
why are human beds not like this I just
think it's so unfair
imagine you get into bed and it's like
this soft and spongy maybe it says they
know we'd never get out of them in
Hawley just at a North T delivery
I have no part of this whose idea was it
oh man
what kind of now you tell me that
doesn't look delicious huh oh yeah I see
what you mean really confuse me what
this is a strawberry cream that's a
blueberry mmm strawberry cream cronut
Lotus bisque off lemon meringue natella
zebra which is just chocolate should we
get a plate and like cut them in half so
we can have a bit of each one and I've
just gone and put on my workout trousers
I workout rather low because loads of us
are going bouldering tonight and I've
not been in a while but for my birthday
my friend Amy who you guys also know
because she was my editor for girl
online series has bought me my own
bouldering chalk bag I'm very happy
about this how cute is that so I get to
take out and use it tonight there's lots
of people over Alfie's halfpipe right
now so let's go and see what's going on
oh I don't need to take this oh you need
to take that in a while but not right
enough they'll laugh at me if I turn up
at the halfpipe with a chalk bag la
look all the lads I like all this future
self promo weave between all of us I
think we have like okay and then round
here we got the ladies you know going on
ladies did you Wow did you these two
these two respective come on Nick
then I look we just sat we just still
there's no static it's like everywhere
holy it's all in your shoes oh no God
that was close call was there imagine if
I could all over my stuff
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
so thankfully cuz I work out so much I
had some more work out trousers to bomb
these ones I was actually kinda gifted
by Stella McCartney then a Stella
McCartney added us they're really cool
um but yeah I actually don't work out
that much that was sarcasm in case you
didn't grab that so we won't roll around
in third page and we'll just watch the
boys oh well you've wiped it off I was
like oh my god holy bomb massive
we just watch the boys on the ramps I
guess it will be the Bears
I need a doctor that's the one
[Music]
[Music]
good
[Music]
yeah
big push
yeah
[Music]
[Laughter]
just look straight in the camera she
said
[Music]
oh my god I can so do that
[Music]
still go down here yeah no we can't go
down that terrible it is much later now
the boys had a workout in the gym Tim
like quarter to midnight that's crazy
that you worked out we're late
I don't know how it ended up happening
to be honest we were all just so hike
yeah you're all pant what so we're gonna
go to bed now but what a fun day I hope
you've enjoyed the vlog and give it a
little thumbs up if you did and I hope
that you have checked out film because
as I said earlier it is out as you're
watching this so let me know and I will
see you again very soon
