get morning welcome to another vlog like
a median of the vlogs
who do I think I am yeah we both don't
look ah daily best because we've just
got up and we thought you know what
academic don't know much bro I get it
you know hash browns that's what I'm
craving so we're just gonna go buy some
hash browns it's a nice sunny day today
which I'm really excited about because
we're going to the beach cinema tonight
to see the greatest showmen which I just
think it's gonna be the most fun ever
everyone's gonna be singing along I've
been a wild scene here hopefully
everyone yeah oh well I'm gonna be
singing along so if it's just me and you
[Laughter]
that's what we're doing this morning
heading out grabbing a McDonald's and
then going back and probably then
starting to get ready for the day yeah
just chill take it you've got your eye
mask so also let me know what your go to
McDonald's breakfast or dress because I
always do this about like actual
McDonald's order but McDowell's
breakfast order but do you get you know
what's really underrated by I absolutely
love and probably will get today
I don't cake okay great what did you
think I'm gonna say apple pie that's not
a breakfast item is it that's just a
little the time item is it yeah but no
I've never had at McDonald's pancake
that's so good oh yeah I'm such a sweet
tooth person in the morning I have to
have something quite sweet my mum's the
same
but yeah let me know let me know what
your go to McDonald's order is if you go
for a breakfast okay thank you that was
delightful
I've got my card I'm paying okay you are
not paying I'm okay thank you
the crazy thing which is but what is
this song this is my cattle music
walk for me I look absolutely mine
thank you up down okay
imagine if you are like me you look
absolutely rotten Thank You UK see ya
later
thank you you know except Tropicana
drinks are free free walk clap Tropicana
drinks are free free fun and laughter
there's enough for everyone
oh my god that's scary robot what is
free free for Walt oh oh I can't read it
oh oh no wait well I bit gonna drink
something is that even the lyrics all
this missin is the see someone said I
look like George Michael day
oh he's the bed sunshine baby Georgie
don't worry he'll be okay
I know you just said I love binky loving
I'm just not being made
I love binky I need to stop my grapes
are they I like that car that's all I
thought you should go we could be mini
trends around I'll go down there oh
that's right there you know oh my god so
far I think it's just a car oh I was
slow for me I did that once when I first
day driving I came from a full path I
did this roundabout when I feel like I
was on two wheels be careful no what we
need to do I have seen enough wildlife
in a couple of days honestly last night
when you got excited about the Frog and
you're like a freak I out I sound too
excited my heart broke I don't know it
was just a purist moment I was hating
life because I was getting where'd my
I'm asking like peeling off and you know
you're gonna catch warts because there's
a frog leg in your facility yeah that's
what they were gonna spit venom
Oh
well if they says turn back now while
you still can
journey look at that color
well that what you thought I just like
it yeah stand out in the crowd man right
sort of myself out rique out my hair
after it got absolutely rained on
yesterday so it was a little bit frizzy
but I think I think I've rescued it got
these giant hoops on I think these are
rock and rose but they're so cool I
could never really wear them when I had
short hair because I felt like they were
too like heavy in my hair but now I've
got long hair I can wear them so I did a
little Zara hall last week because all
their autumn winter stuff has started
coming in and I'm a bit excited about it
there's lots of things I really like on
there including this jumper which I wore
in my last vlog so I did another little
mini Zara haul and I just thought I'd
show you a few of the bits because
they've just arrived I had some Topshop
boots that were really similar to this
but I've worn them to absolute death and
they've now become like my dog walking
boots so I needed some that were really
similar because I have my pride ones
which I wear all the time
but I'm worried they're gonna start
looking really scruffy too because I'm
wearing them in place of the ones that
are now the dog walking boots so I've
got some that are a bit more like cash
that can get a bit more scratched up
hello
so I picked up these because they're
perfect really like just plain but
they've got this nice little bit at the
back and the zip up the side so you
don't have to keep doing up and undoing
the boot laces which I'm very happy
about also got this skirt because I just
I really liked the little slit up the
side I am loving things like skirts
boots and a little jumper or like a
little card II thought that was really
nice then I also got this skirt which
again has a little slit up the side I
love this print I thought it was very
like 70s I'm quite retro looks like
something you'd see on like a four piece
sofa suite in like an old lady's house I
really like
and it's like much more silky material
and has these little buttons up the side
another skirt because I do think skirts
don't have to just be for summer you can
wear some leggings underneath some
secret tights we can cut the feet off
look how cute this is
I love it like metallic silver with an
elasticated waist band I might wear that
today actually I've currently got this
on and some joggers I've not I've not
formalized formalized planned formally
planned my outfit for today because I
wanted to get these to cash t-shirts got
this blue one that says Hollywood you're
like oh wow okay didn't realize it have
this on the back that's quite something
isn't it oh no it says Hollywood Walk of
Fame your name here oh that's really
cringe so it looks like this on the
front yeah your name here Hollywood Walk
of Fame
yeah I really like I did not realize I
have found the back you can wear it with
like a nice job ride the back oh yeah
that's true on a rainy day you just
don't take the jacket off I got this one
this has something on the back to you
why do they why does our if it's secret
things on the back of a t-shirt ah I
really I think the [ __ ] the front is
funny
it says weekend mood and it has this dog
in this little PVC outfit on the back it
has like a piggy Joey is that the dog
Iggy Joey huh yeah look we can't meet
the biggest creep moving on I got this
dress which I love I think this would
look nice with the boots or maybe I'll
wear this today um basically it's this
really soft
cotton t-shirt part that then blends
into this really gorgeous silk skirt
dress also got this really cute little
see-through spotty crop lover obviously
have to wear a top underneath but I got
this kind of orangey rust shade jumpsuit
with a little tire belt and long
trousers and then I also got this which
I have already quickly tried on because
I was so intrigued if this would look
nice or not
and it's this spotty sure how cute is
this and this one's actually not that
see-through so I mean if you wore like a
nude bra underneath and then you tie
this up around the neck in a little bow
so once I've actually decided what I
want to wear out of this I'm going to be
popping up a couple of the outfits I put
together over on my 21 buttons profile
so this next little section of my blog
is chi sponsored by 21 buttons which if
you aren't already familiar I feel like
so many of you are because lots of you
have been asking me to set up a 21
buttons profile for quite a while it is
a fashion social network app where you
can share your looks and you can tag
brands it's kind of like an affiliate
style app but anybody can use it
and therefore you can earn money by
sharing your outfits so other people can
buy your looks but you can also buy
other people's so to show you what it
looks like I decided to get it on my
iPad just because it's a much bigger
screen it's much easier for you to see
but also everything looks better on iPad
so this is what it looks like open
there's me hello
so this is the homepage where you can
see everybody else's looks and then you
can click discover where you can search
through like this or if you have a
particular person you want to search for
you can type it in up here
then this is my profile and then I've
gone on unlisted lots of my current
favorite outfits which you can click on
like this like the jumper I'm wearing
now and it shows you where it's from you
can see details or visit the website
it's so easy so there's lots of
exclusive content on there from lots of
different people which is great there's
outfits on here that I've not posted
anywhere else as well and I'm gonna
leave a little link in the description
box for any of you that want to go over
and download it feel free to follow me
if you'd like to see some of my outfits
and where things are from and yeah it's
just super easy I think for me one of
the things I love about it is that
anybody can use it it's not exclusive
just to creators or bloggers anyone can
upload anything on there and it's super
easy to use as well so yeah let me know
if you already have it and what your
profile is or the people that I should
be following I'm already following quite
a selection but I love discovering new
people with great outfits and this is
the perfect place to do it and one of
those people that's constantly inspired
by normal everyday people like that's
where I get my fashion inspiration is
like a cool girl on the street or apps
like this where you can just see so many
different people's outfit of the days I
love it okay so now I'm gonna go and
work out what I want to wear out of
these new bits because I'm excited so
I've decided with this outfit the dress
I love it my 5 yeah it's really cool I'm
gonna wear it with boots and my leather
jacket I'm letting mark pick my
fragrance for the day so yeah I said I
think we should match yeah so I'm
wearing oh my god you're wearing amber
mask we've got it and I feel like you
should wear whose which ones I'll make
on what someone's got great days it's
really annoying person bought it for me
makes ouch
odd this
tange Tangier Vanille that's like my
autumn/winter smack I love it it's quite
heavy yeah maybe I should go for this
one this one's a bit lighter more
summery yeah okay
Mediterranean honeysuckle this is you
bought me this for my birthday last year
[Music]
how many sprays you do a million oh I
also pay in my hair because that's where
all your hormones pheromones come out oh
yeah oh yeah I know this feels like it's
quite a haul heavy video but really to
shut my legs my bath and Bodyworks order
has been delivered and the reason I was
able to do it but from body weights
order is because I use a website that
sends it from let you get an American
address and it sends it back to you mhm
it's called ship it to if anyone's
interested so I did that about four when
when did it go online so I messaged you
about it's like three weeks ago yeah
yeah and I've not opened it I saved them
but when I knew me and Mark could sit
down and do it together because we did
this once at Christmas it's just fun
it's really fun in there I love it it's
just so fun like there's no one I'd
rather smell candles with I know I'm you
love I love smelling I know like stuff
is my favorite thing should we start
with this yeah my fav I mean as I said
I've not open these so they could all be
smashed
right how are you do this okay I'm gonna
go for this one
so this is lidless oh that's weird
rainy we've got this much rain so sweet
cinnamon pumpkin right for the classic
smells a little bit like dough
like a spicy dough oh I quite like that
oh heck I wasn't gonna like oh it's got
the cardboard on the lid came off I
thought everything like that but
actually it doesn't smell too strong or
quite less it's quite like look at that
sweet pumpkin Honey Crisp Honey Crisp
Honey Crisp apple with golden honey
sugar cane with essential oils warm
apple pie mother oh I like that
I really smells like actually smells
like apple pie Oh
baked granny smith apple melted brown
sugar flaky homemade crust with
essential oil it's mama crust it sounds
a bit chariot that I can smell the cross
my genuine crust inna nope pumpkin
peanut brittle
we think in not sure
hmm it's just not as strong as I'd like
it I can smell the peanutty no I don't
smoke very strong hello no it's not the
striker you're gonna like yeah a subtle
one do I need to even smell this the
crisp morning air smells like a hot man
I love me a hot man
I like that how about my weight ah
lovely
oh you're doing it slightly different I
love that so bad I'm going in with
sweater weather
Oh classic that's what I used to put in
the spare room
Oh Samia lambs I know so it's like the
fragrance careful I don't even want us
oh it smells so good you know fun
[Music]
carefully don't inhale the glass I know
what that smells like
right just think about it in your head
it smells like white chocolate some it
white chocolate milky bulkhead I know
you're hairy I think it's nervous I'm
Reese add yeah you might like this none
of them but you can salvage it somehow
oh no another one smash oh yeah I don't
even know if I can get that out no I
wouldn't touch that one what's that one
one fire smalls oh I don't know if I've
snuck this on the floor oh no I'm not a
fan of that no I'm not fan of that
either
dark chocolate fluffy marshmallow
cinnamon graham cracker with essential
oils
that's not cure flannel I don't know
where the lid is did I take the lid off
no I didn't copy the lid maybe we should
use this oh but the marked mahogany soft
mask so that's what flannel looks like I
like that cool yeah I really like need
to show you what mark was doing from the
foil if they've got a little six-pack
going on oh look at that
so Tabata school I don't know I'm gonna
like this you'll know if I like it or
not ooh strong anything that's like
caramely
this is a grower Theo I reckon it's not
too mad actually it's not as like
overpowering as some of them are did you
know what that smells like
do you remember that alien perfume I got
you a few years the orange one yeah I
just
Elizabet there's like caramel the
caramel in there yeah warm brown sugar
sweet cream pinch of sea salt melted
butter I actually quite like that I like
that I like I like seven I like that one
I'm scared I'm scared I'm gonna the
perfect turn interesting big statement
big or bold oh my god this is my
favorite one so far it's not for when
he's just check what it's got in it
cranberry spiced pumpkin Chris at all
clove or like the one fresh just like oh
oh that's a little journey that isn't it
if I could journey through an autumn
forest
oh isn't that good okay so far this one
is definitely my favorite
before anything so far my favorite one
is Chris morning air or bar scotch I
really like this one yeah we go is it
broken is it broken no caramel
or how American sorry caramel Granny
Smith apple slices warm golden caramel
cinnamon vanilla cream I love anything
Anila that was a lot stronger than I
anticipated
oh it smells like one of the you know
the do your poisons like one of them I
like that that is very Granny Smith no I
can't I can't stomach that for you no
there's too much caramel and not for me
oh you sure yeah that would be even a
sweetheart oh I'm excited to smell this
one but my own a cream pie okay banana
cream pie banana cream pie look at that
should we eat it I love me a banoffee
pie I never had one
you've never happened occupy shut up
step one today
yeah like that I've seen mixed reviews
if the that's not like pain cream scoop
peanut butter cookie crumb across I
can't help but I think that smells like
a freshly painted room or like freshly
painted wood room Oh quite lucky yeah
it's got like a hint of like a freshly
painted robe I agree I have to agree
with you there all right
last one last one because we can't touch
that one cinnamon Oh cinnamon Irish
cream what what's wrong
no I just oh well I literally didn't
even smell and I took that off and I was
like
oh I'm not sure about that I'm really
not sure it's not like a nightcap like a
whiskey night yeah it smells a bit like
um what's that drink baby plays yeah or
like a whiskey cinnamon spiced liqueur
Irish cream French vanilla I don't mind
yeah no maybe if you're like a lost
cause oh good idea
oh oh wait you smell the lid Oh
oh my god
what was this pumpkin pie up true fair
probably won't like this
Oh careful Zoey I don't know why careful
careful careful there you go I guess
smell the side yeah
no you're not missing out no I'm not
goodbye
Oh smells for me I think over and over
I'm out like pumpkin pie yeah and I find
them quite hot you okay yeah be careful
laughs once you smell one pump is not
long should we pop that in I'm gonna
reorder that goodbye no wait a berrykins
I don't it'll be any break-ins in this
one bring on the next part this is so
fun I know right let's unpack it's
Christmas Day
[Applause]
mirre so here in my hand I have PB&J
which looks a little something like that
what's PB&J peanut butter and jelly or
Jam okay am I gonna hate oh you can
smell the nuttiness I did not expect it
to smell like that fresh strawberry jam
fresh strawberry jam toasted bread
crunchy peanut butter drizzle of honey
and essential oils Oh divine that is
cinnamon spice vanilla oh that's really
nice subtle mmm
like a really classy bakery yeah yeah
peach cobbler beets or peach cobbler
cobbler Oh winner chicken dinner
I wouldn't necessarily say it was an
altar below I love that juicy peach
slices cinnamon sugar golden baked pie
customers it was not I love that that's
a good top contender stunning that's
really stunning that one last we have
marshmallow fireside and oh you got to
Oh see this is just such a classic smile
for me it's not autumn if you don't have
a marshmallow fire smoldering words fire
roasted vanilla crystallized a number I
really like that has that
like man yeah there's a no doctor smells
of Johnny now it smells like the Tom
dick Dickson Tom Mix you're right oh I
like this design this brings back so
many memories
I haven't had a shower gel like this in
ages this will forever be one of my
favorite bar for body work because we've
gotten candles it moths on design is I
honestly think this is one of my
favorite designs they've done in a long
time now this is really ought to me but
I really wanted it oh that's lovely wild
honeysuckle this is what your house your
old house not like yeah that was the
[Music]
[Applause]
heart
oh this they said she smells more like
it shirt yeah I'm not gonna wonder if
they're a different batch maybe this is
let's paint a we have boots and woods oh
my god oh that's my second favorite this
is um it's actually smells like Paris
Hilton perfume that boy oh my Carlton
how you can reference it back to perfect
yeah
stunning that was great look how cute
ultimate this has dark walnut English
lavender white amber and essential oils
I think my old house smell like
- I've burnt a lot of things I should
have got more yeah oh oh oh - I was
actually wanted two of those oh wait
I did I should never underestimate the
power of Zoe buying candles exactly
candle by Zoe that's funny
oh my god see those are my favorite ones
are it's like a bit fresh and a bit
alternate I'm gonna cry this this is
just like my Cherie
and II think holographic it's like my
dream
Chris morning pear I already have one of
those you know yeah you love that smell
and you love holographic no I like you
that long when it turned up oh you saw
yeah you have that thank you
you have it one more amazing yeah isn't
that an autumn dream you sure you saw
the two can let's each individually take
our top three so when did you guys
though so minor autumn woods awesome
mine is Chris morning air yeah Nicholas
Flamel PB&J lolly and bonfire smalls go
to the old Chazz yeah either
that's the one that we I don't even know
if I can smell that I'll give it one
last guy too much right this gig we are
heading into town now as I said earlier
we're gonna go and watch the great
showman on the beach cinema screen and
I'm really excited about beautiful oh
yeah screen is I don't know how comfy
deck chairs were I just said to mark I
could sleep
[Music]
city in front of you
oh that little piano there hello happy
Sunday as you can see I've not really
done an awful lot with my appearance
today
we've just jumped out of bed to go for
breakfast
whoa we're poppy and Sean it's been
really and like miserable and cozy so
we've just sort of stayed in bed well I
have we've never been here before
oh yeah we're going to a little cafe
that we've never actually been to so
that's fun I really need to wash my hair
dearly I've become a little bit obsessed
with ancestry I mean pretty obsessed
Alfie look what my great-great-great
great-great-grandfather in 1712 did
watching about time in bed do you not
think that's interesting no I think it
is but I feel like it's like a C at the
kitchen table with pen and paper like
I mean that's how it started yesterday
basically my mum came down yesterday and
I've been really enjoying watching the
TV program who do you think you are hmm
is that what it's called something I
think it's called that different
celebrity each time and they kind of go
back and trace like their family history
and things have happened yeah yeah and
me and mum watched a couple yesterday
and then I was like oh well since we're
together why don't we like start
thinking about who you know as far back
as you can remember and then we can ask
like a nas Nana granddad and see how far
back they can remember and I do have an
account on ancestry.com okay not
sponsored - just FYI I've had it for
years and years I just haven't really
ever properly tried to fill it in I've
got some bits on there and then last
night in this morning I've been like
trying to fill in more of it and there's
it's just so cool there's loads of like
records and like birth certificates and
death certificates and like baptism
certificates and pauling certificates
and just all these different ways of
finding out
I haven't seen any I guess that's the
sort of thing individuals could upload
but one thing that I did find which was
very interesting was like a great-great
great-great-grandfather had 15 children
yeah had 15 children but it was really
sad because so many over the same woman
yeah there's so many of them died when
they were babies all under six so many
of them died like under six that one was
three months old one was six one was
nine one was under water like seven
months they said it was really sad
she called another child the same name
as another child she had unless I did
something wrong
but I'm pretty sure that's what came up
15 children lots of which died when they
were younger but I guess for back then
like 1700s 1800s they did just have a
lot there was no contraception very jury
they had a lot of children and also a
lot of diseases and a lot of deaths so I
bet you it was just like a constant like
does it seem they possibly from know
which is really sad yeah I know in a lot
of the bits it tells you like there
profession so we've had people working
on vessels greengrocers there's a lot of
greengrocers on my mum's mum's side of
the family and a really really large
portion of my family on my mum's mum's
side living in Ramsgate deal and
awkwardly yeah and a lot of Henry's oh
my goodness it was like someone called
Henry had a boy called Henry he had
another boy called him Henry had another
boy called him hunt Henry and my great
granddad was a Henry but we called him
Harry
I don't know what Harry is a nickname
for Henry but it is so anyway the long
and short of it is I've become a little
bit obsessed with my family history and
it's like going into a wormhole black
hole you just once you start you can't
stop
but I Rafi has managed to pry me away to
come for breakfast so no I said you can
stay in Carroll I'm doing it but I'm
gonna go for breakfast yeah sprinkle a
little garnish
it looks so good I went for the
vegetarian breakfast with a bow halloumi
eggs tomatoes and spinach hi as you can
see it's now not Sunday it's now Monday
and I'm just editing at the vlog and
realized I hadn't ended it so I just
thought I'd quickly come on here and end
the video and just say thank you for
watching hope you enjoyed it let me know
which one of the bath and Bodyworks
candles looks right up your street or if
you're like me and you've already gotten
bought some which ones have you born
which ones do you love I guess if you're
in America it's much much easier to be
able to go and get it so I'm imagining
that a lot of the people who have
already got their hands on them are
probably more of my American viewers so
hi you lucky people that have bath and
Bodyworks oh yes don't forget to use the
download link in the description box to
download 21 buttons let me know how you
get on tell me you use names I am gonna
edit this and then probably carry on
doing a bit of tidying packing before
going away this week and also watching a
lot of sugar rush on Netflix oh my god I
am obsessed to the point where I'm gonna
have to slow down because once I run out
of them I'm gonna be really sad mark was
watching this the other day and he was
like you have to watch this you're going
to absolutely love it and I was like oh
no okay I've got too much to do right
now I'm not gonna start watching it
until the weekend and I watched over the
weekend and oh my god it's so good so
yeah there you go if you need something
else to watch on Netflix
sugar rush thanks so much for watching
guys and I'll see you again very soon
