[Music]
my head play my party to wake up with a
half-eaten pizza of bed
[Applause]
and as I leaned up to graphic 1/3 flew
out to one of his trainers
[Music]
today I've had four hours sleep so I'm
going to probably look like this for the
rest of the day because all I want to do
as I said yesterday is decorate get
everything tidy feeling like it's ready
for Christmas I am definitely one of
those people that just likes everything
in its place at Christmas time I like
fresh bedding I like a tidy house
I don't I just like it to be an order
for Christmas that's what I'm gonna be
doing today those bags though I've
already come down and sorted out all the
timers on everything I started editing
my vlog and I got bored so I'm gonna
leave that for a mo
cuz it's still only half town I've got a
while got off the Christmas on the tele
firearm like some feels really weird
Niall is not here cuz she oversees data
I'm under Nick's last night but I hate
it
Alfie still asleep so I feel like a
little Lone Ranger I'm gonna take my
phone listen it to Christmas tunes and
finish this bloody conservatory tree
because if I don't get that done it's
gonna really irritate me there's not a
lot more to do it just it looks a bit
bare so I just want to fill it with a
bit more stuff so right now I am going
to finish this tree off put some
Christmas tunes on and you can enjoy
this in a time
[Music]
zoom it later now and Holly is here
and she's brought us some McDonald's
we'd pay for this have you got some cash
yes no I've gone for something a little
different a banana milkshake I quite
like the banana milkshake oh we're
playing the game I've got two minutes to
get ready playing a little game that
Mark bought Alfie for Christmas what's
it called trash talk yeah it's like most
likely - oh thank arouse play and most
if it's out there we point at the camera
okay
the player most likely to burn their
house down accidentally million candles
oh yeah or a candle I love candles too
much pain modes like these break up with
someone by sending a text message famous
fighters go shopping in their pajamas
Emilio I think may yeah maybe yeah I
didn't want I'd literally do that I
don't want to think oh I just pulled
that out of my head that's my hair is
that your hair on the assumption that's
my hair I was just trying to get that
glue out oh my god that's a big old
chunky piece of hair that's like 40
hairs in there have I got bald patch No
play my signage country nothing to a
group project to still try and take
credit Alfie
if he was here he'd trying to fend that
player most likely to fall for an email
money scam you play my sake to lose
their temper me you are up there you go
you are out fee
I get to try or don't get angry yeah
that's true Oh Alfie yeah lose temper
Alfie yeah I just liked how I said you
even write play - wanted to get married
by an Elvis and Las Vegas definitely man
yeah it's like on my bucket list
paper I used to date a friend's ex yeah
friends most likely to send gossipy text
to the wrong person
you play most likely to break a bone on
a night out
yeah playing most likely not to order
any food from a restaurant and then eat
off of people's plates how about a URL
fee but athlete always orders that's
very true you play most likely to swear
in front of a child yeah or me so oh I'm
quite bad about they have a potty mouth
and I forget Childre around maybe you're
not around children that much no way a
most likely to miss an important event
because they overslept Alfie yeah
probably happened a few times play most
likely to toilet paper someone's house
yeah me yes
playing my spot is getting into an
argument with a stranger in in the seat
in the street
Alfie yeah do you agree with this one
well I need to get into an argument with
someone on the street
definitely user you're [ __ ] rowdy I'm
playing most likely to lose their temper
Devon is Ari
so he said May then I remembered your
little blossom temper the question
choice you get
play my excited to sell a gift you gave
them on eBay
I would but I just don't know how to set
up an eBay account I would but different
size in our heads it's because you're
leaning forward like I'm sat so far back
click look a photo but not the same size
now most player most likely to have a
body person that no one else knows about
you definitely got that yeah you got
you've joined this legit no no yeah
would you play might not need to wake up
with the half-eaten pizza in bed playing
waves lighters get addicted to cosmetic
surgery I think yeah yeah
because you wouldn't you up somebody's
companies oh yeah would not do anything
have your penis enlarger yeah yeah I
decide plastic with in the middle yeah
don't was either way I most likely to
still work supplies definitely not my
current job note you know what we do
have a pen crisis in the office well to
avoid talking to you in the street would
it
Zoe yeah we're talking to anyone anytime
play most likely to be the first to die
in a zombie apocalypse I would love it I
think I'd be really good yeah and you
also do we need to go Holly yeah play
most likely to appear on reality TV I
think it's me yeah hundred percent by
Holly and Alfie I've gone now oh my god
my hair and I really need to edit my
vlog now because it's two o'clock and
they've been mostly going up at 4:00
apart from the other day it took ages to
process so I'm gonna sit here I'm gonna
edit get it done so I said it oh hi it's
just me still sat here I think cuz I'm
half asleep took me so long to edit the
video but also it's a really long one
I'm probably actually one of my favorite
ones of this Homer it's probably not
gonna be everyone's favorite to watch
because it is literally just like me and
everybody at the Christmas party but
it's one of those ones that will always
be like so special for me to watch back
so I really enjoy those ones that feel a
little bit more like a memory and it was
just so funny maybe it's one of those
things really had to be there but I hope
that some of you found some of those
little moments like funny not a fun
night it was so good that's the kind of
vlog that I will probably just like
rewatch over and over again just to see
all the little everybody's lot of things
that they did that like made me laugh I
don't know I forgot to do the little
sequence at the beginning and I probably
could have just left it but I'm being
really wanted to put it on there so I
was like [ __ ] Reece Avery edit so I'm a
little bit late on the vlog today but it
is going up it's literally uploading
right now it has five minutes left and
whilst I was editing the postman arrived
with something that I am so happy has
arrived now
but part of my mum's Christmas present
was to give her oh I can say this
because I'm seeing her tomorrow morning
was to give her one of the really big
frames that I did for Alfie for our
anniversary if you saw my vlog then you
would have seen me making it it was a
really large frame from Marks and
Spencer and it had I think it was 52 or
54 squares in it to put tiny little
square Instagram images in well they
don't have to be Instagram images they
can be any image but it's cuz it's a
square and I love the one I did for me
and Alfie and I just thought that my mum
would really love one so I've made one
for her and I was waiting for these to
arrive but I could cut them all out and
stick them in it's gonna take me a while
but I'm excited to do it so once this is
done I'm gonna go upstairs get the frame
or maybe I'm gonna do the stairs first
I'm gonna decorate the stairs because
I'm desperate to do that I'm really
excited to do that and then I'm gonna
sit and do her frame then I need to wash
my hair then need to edit this vlog
because tomorrow we're off to the Warner
Brothers Studios which is what I gave my
nan for Christmas Warner Brothers
Studios kindly got us some tickets so
myself
our feet my mum her husband and my man
are all heading to the Warner Brothers
Studios for 9 a.m. so we're gonna be
there real early I've actually checked
Google Maps to see how long it's gonna
take us to get there but I'm mostly just
really excited like to experience my man
experiencing it like secondhand
excitement for her really yeah that's
the plan so I kind of want to get as
much done tonight as possible because
we're leaving so early tomorrow I feel
like today is gonna be a little bit of a
chatty nothingness video of decorating
and time lapses but I hope that you're
okay with that
[Music]
at times taxes stairs and I'm thinking I
might put I mean there's a little bit of
candle wax in there I might put these
garlands down the stairs if this will go
down the stairs and then I've also got
lights have to move me little elves and
also I've not put a wreath on the front
door yet so I'm going to do this one I
think this is a white company classic I
love it
[Music]
that's better and yet okay bills are
still there I just went outside to get
this wire so I can attach this to the
stairs
and there is a pair of Alfie's trainers
right next to it and as I leaned up to
grab this a bird flew out of one of his
trainers so all I can assume is there's
a nest and so I mean I'm happy it's
found at home I'm wondering whether or
not I tell Alfie or if he just goes to
put the trainers on one day and realizes
there's literally like an entire like
bird nest in there
[Music]
a little bit later on
we've just finished my mum's frame it
looks so good I really think she's gonna
like it
and I'm actually gonna end this look
here because I need to edit it so I'll
see you tomorrow for some Harry Potter
fun and then all our friends are coming
over in the evening for Christmas
festive nurse so I'll see you then good
night
