ask first about mine make me beautiful
boots get them out
steady this moment we still have that
I'll be able to get into nowadays more I
love it
[Music]
it's currently Saturday and I'm taking
my dog out to the toilet and absolutely
freezing how are you we go to New York
tomorrow and we're going to use today as
a day to go into town and get any little
last-minute bits that we need and start
packing and book the last little bits we
need to book like our accommodation for
the last three days that we're there I
really want to put the tree up because
it has to do that before we go so that's
the plan it's half 7:00 but look how
dark it is where's the Sun gone
[Music]
[Music]
we're in town were up and first things
first we are going to have breakfast
we're just deciding if we want to go to
the ivy or trade a post
I feel like trading post always on the
phone oh my god the start of every
longing heart bloody phone how's
breakfast about mine breakfast is
finished
and we are now gonna head into work shop
which is a oh you're going in by then
heading into a jewelry shop we're gonna
head into work shop which is a
incredible little store in Barton if
you're ever visiting they've had their
brekkie or didn't want the chilies no
two hearts you're Spacely Alfie got
another drink
I've gone for a Nutella latte and my
little [ __ ] which is very strong I think
I'm gonna be buzzing tell them what I
said which is be unsure about a copy
today or I don't know they're never
having a cop
like tomorrow latte to caffeine affects
me differently than you because I used
to love markers yeah basically yeah yeah
try it it's not
no strong isn't it who's that that's 21
minutes ago what I heading into boots
boots
beauty beauty to get the last minute you
do last minute beauty bits beautiful
what did you say make me beautiful boots
Alfie's found some mouthwash that he
thinks would be Christmas present
have you actually bought some that's a
little shot glass report to see how much
today Lynx Africa is such a classic here
there's more big work double XL c we are
stocking up on all the travel essentials
oh do you know I do need what I need the
little thing that you can put your stuff
in the bag so I've got my big shampoo oh
like a little mini I've got some I have
got some I don't know how many I've got
I do have so is this when you dry it she
needs to know I actually don't de no not
right now
yes hon
this is called poppy ins that we run
around beats copying each other because
we're both influencing each other to buy
things yeah
no you need that you have put it in both
because the salts are like with a
favorite section good pop is telling me
to buy this what did I tell you to buy
all the the oral-b glamorous white
toothpaste and I'm gonna go and buy
there I want a tiny and she's gonna go
and buy this this was our element so a
little toothbrush I might take a mini
toothpaste oh no I just bought to your
face I don't need him anyone but I did
want a mini mouthwash and they don't
enough why moisturizer like body
moisturizer in the plane Listerine
mister realest realest dream a mini body
moisturizer do you like oh that's very
good
I don't even do that in the daytime let
alone on a flight I am a bit of a
moisturizer lover I might get yeah I
literally might guess floral and fruity
original crisp and fresh oh I think
crisp and fresh actually crispy fresh
crispy fresh was named hmm
I'm so confused and why you getting
shorter and hashtag my brand
hashtag my brand so it looks like
they've got some hot chocolate
and they've got their hats and these
what else have they got left
it looks like the M Shawn what you doing
right that's what is wrong yeah Oh am i
sleepy yeah it looks like you're gonna
have to have a little hunt around
they've sort of spread them out
that's cool though you Diane loves this
hat
she literally wears it all the time it's
so cute you guys having a little sad
little lesson on bottom what it is it's
probably a sterilizer now how I thought
it was like an alarm clock we put the
powder in here it looks like a coffee
machine was in the hot water and Brees
the baby a nice little probably at the
exact temperature yeah yeah 4:00 in the
morning when you wake up that's do you
know what that does fake says who's
driving
it's it on go yeah three two one go I
don't mind if you want me to drive you
Anna a business this is definitely the
best way of us deciding who drives a new
doesn't my guy he's getting into Zacks
car right shopping done very successful
I got lots of like toiletries to take
away and I also got some I also went
into Zara as you can see and I got some
more stuff basically Zara is banging
right now guys I did have a massive
wardrobe clear out with my mum when she
came to stay like two weeks ago so I
feel like I do have the space for it and
what I've decided recently is if I stick
to like four or five colorways
a lot of it goes together really nicely
so like gray camel black and like Clarky
and like cream I've just been kind of
sticking to the same color scheme and
it's working really well for me because
everything goes together not that it
really matters but why are you doing
also one of the things I bought from
Urban Outfitters which i think is now in
the boot they have this underwear range
I think it's called like new dammit I
don't know what it's called if the bag
was back here I'd show you but it didn't
abate and it's like life-changing it's
the only underwear I want to wear now
that's so soft so I stocked up on all
those Pat's I'll show you when we get
home are you excited to drive over the
moon we're home and we're gonna sit and
have some lunch I went for a little prep
katsu curry soup which yeah no chicken
Patsy with some bread and butter
Alfie's got some gyoza and salmon sushi
salmon sushi delicious have you done
your own calendar for today yeah what
did you get oh this one energy Nala this
bed is so gorgeous this was very kindly
sent by a company called Ivy in Duke and
they made it with a little blanket which
is so nice and this little cushion and
it says Nala on it
how cute is that it's like the nicest
quality and I think this is memory foam
under here um are you trying to show off
what are you doing Oh God
do you want to play is that what you
want
ready ready steady
Oh
good girl I also need to finish
decorating this tree which is why this
box are still here and then yeah the
main tree you ready
yeah and it goes whoa
[Music]
okay the tree is up I think it's
absolutely perfect and I think we can
all agree the tree that alfie originally
wanted which was at least 3 foot taller
than this would not have fit unless you
trim the top but I hate when people have
to cut the top off their tree because it
just looks white got the star in it
you'll never know we can never normally
get a star on ours wonky this doesn't
we're just going to wait for these to
drop a bit more and then I to be honest
I think that position is pretty good
like it's very even both sides isn't it
mm-hmm
how can I always feel like it takes ages
and then it literally takes me six
minutes
I am the complete opposite I always
think that'll take me ten minutes max
and I'm there for like an hour and a
half yeah I'm just like how many hearts
am I going fight okay six pairs of
boxers in case of shoot myself once five
pairs of saw maybe six first socks if
it's a [ __ ] in this all the amount of
underwear never know what the coffee is
going to be like using the tap water
it's not about that I think it's about
waking up putting on your underwear
coming back showering going out for
dinner putting on a new pair you don't
put on a pair of underwear you've worn
all day
do you not reversi know do you I had
these on for four days reverse me and
then back to front as well I currently
got the crotch bit at the back he's
lying
you are I wish I was Justin Bieber
though doesn't he have a new pair every
day new pair Calvin Klein's every day
but thanks very wasteful ah there is
nothing nicer than putting on a new pair
of socks the other day I found at the
bottom of my drawer a brand new pair of
socks and I was like heavenly this is
the best day I'm very hot I look very
flushed oh yeah I was gonna put the fire
on but I don't think I want to do you
think we should at least trumpet the
lights on now
he's joking for anyone that caught that
I don't think the lights yeah because
I'm scared you're gonna come back late
and it's gonna be too late anyway oh my
god I won the longest the boxing match
can be half an hour 36 minutes okay not
that this is gonna happen we have got
tomorrow morning as well yeah but on
that happen no but I do think if all of
this dropped now the lights would sit
better once it'll drop yes good yeah cuz
it will show they're layering yeah okay
fab and I've got all the decorations out
so I'm thinking you know how I got all
those kind of woodland vibe ones yeah
they do
yeah the pegs and then like this with
like moss inside they're all from John
Lewis I've had them I think this was
like a theme like two years ago
so I've got those and these ones from
white company these little acorns and
then look what else I found
so I've got these lights I'm hoping this
is the 1500 lights
if not we'll have to find some more and
then this is full of all the woodland
purple green and then look look who is
in here what is that the elves the
creepy elves that I bought last year we
should give them names really it's not
Christmas unless they've come out I was
talking with the girls in the office and
they were we were talking about elf on
the shelf and I was like you know I'm
gonna be that mum that's like mad I
don't want to use out on the on the
shelf I'm going to use these the creepy
ones that are like like if I was a child
I would definitely think these ones
actually came to life rather than the
actual elf on the shelf
do you know what I mean like I would
believe that I still do believe that
kind
that looks like a poo that is not a poo
that is a dog bone but then Maddie was
like nah you're you really don't think
your child is gonna be like no mom I won
the Elf on the Shelf Alf like all my
friends have the real Alf and I have
these elves on vol.4 know yeah that's
true
crazy you know you don't like it LA I
need to put some lights and decorations
on the stairs more maybe do that when we
get back she will do that when we get
back from New York yeah
[Music]
currently packing and we have been for a
while actually so after that we're off
we said yeah I always think packings
gonna take ages then it only takes six
minutes coming up on your six minute
there Alfie Oh to the airport oh yeah I
keep forgetting I've got that little
suitcase I'm ramming everything into
this so far I'm deciding my plane outfit
what's going on here well I filled up
half with clothes we've still got a
little bit of space but I need to fit
like my toiletries bag this is my little
flight bag just a couple of things I've
put in here liquid yoga hand sanitizer
Listerine perfume some face mask and a
little space mask which are the eye
masks that heat up then I've got like
medication like headache
stuff in case I get a headache a
reusable camera no disposable camera
yeah
and that's how the packing is going so
far I think knowledge getting a little
freaked out because we've got all the
suitcases out and we're like packing up
and she doesn't usually like it cuz she
knows that means something's happening
or we're going somewhere
or something to stand on do I know she's
not that tall that's tall for me that
was no that's not my job yeah we it is
now finally time to start on the tree
Alfie had a bit of an issue with a
duster thanks God no you did you can go
and see it on alfea's vlog if you want
to see the planet let's just say to this
moment we still don't know if I'll be
able to get into America it's more oh
that religion don't actually know I've
literally just now I'm now riddled with
anxiety so let's decorate the tree
yes okay okay lights are done it's time
to start on the deck alphas just
watching that Anthony Joshua fight
what's in the boxes yeah exactly
I've got this one to hang but I just
thought I'd show you some of my favorite
little bits these again I think I show
these every year a lot of these baubles
are John Lewis I'm not gonna lie what's
your favorite one on here I quite like
these my battery just died and then
Alfie's boxing started again so I think
he was saying he liked these because
they're a bit different and they clip in
and they stand up which I agree with
I've just kind of read his mind and
these ones how freaking cute it's like a
little concur these ones are also kind
of all terminal with little acorns on I
also love these these were John Lewis -
they're just clear but they've got stars
sorry my camera's not really focusing
and this one is like it's got like moss
and stuff inside so yeah that's pretty
much the tree I also love those massive
got big purple ones the glass ones
they're very pretty I love it so much
got a holiday on little bit of Jude Law
cam dears
just realized we haven't put the star on
top so I was gonna whack this up ball
don't snap it that's it you're going to
lose the lights
why should it just lies oh oh oh the
lights are annoying aren't they I say
you need like a broom and you can nudge
it the stomach's perfect this is so do
you want me to do it no you're sure the
name no but you could hold me yay well
done yeah yeah that's perfect
Rodan I just know it's not at all no
it's not perfect but it is all good oh
it's fine
it won't stay twist a bit maybe there's
still a little bit that all day right
I'm gonna end today's video here thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow huh see tomorrow
for a flight to New York which could
potentially be the most boring vlog ever
no it could be good oh great
see you tomorrow
