hello it's me it's been a while and I
don't really have any particular reason
for that
other than I got the vlog fit which
happens occasionally and then I was like
oh I don't feel that my life is
interesting Noah's gonna want to watch
this I've shared everything I could
possibly share over the past 10 years
there's nothing else of me to give
everything I do I've done before there's
nothing new here in these vlogs I'm
quite you know a boring repetitive
person and I just felt like I don't know
I just felt like I don't know what to
film is kind of how I felt
you guys know here on my blog channel I
just film kind of my day-to-day stuff
and anything that's kind of going on but
I just felt a little bit like I filmed
it all I should know and then I got the
vlog fair and I was like oh no I can't
pick up the camera I don't have to come
back but yeah Here I am
blogging today vlogging this weekend
actually first thing you might notice is
I've got long hair I decided about this
outside I started three weeks ago that I
was just going to bite the bullet and do
something really different and I've
never had extensions to the point where
they like stay in your head I've had
clipping ones or I've had extensions on
photo shoots but I've never like tried
them you know permanently came on
Wednesday this week extension to me up
basically still getting used to them
haven't washed them yeah I'm a bit
nervous to wash them because Adams
styled them so well and I've just been
platting them at night and I am sort of
person that doesn't really need to wash
my hair I mean I wash my hair like once
or twice a week and now that it's long
and I'm gonna have a lot more
maintenance going on here
I thought I'm gonna make the most out of
it before I have to wash it again so
that is hair I'm loving it
I really wasn't sure if I was gonna like
it or not it's very windy all of a
sudden I thought you know it lasts ten
weeks see how I feel just have it for
the end of summer and then I can have
them taken out if I don't like them but
I'm obsessed and it's so much quicker to
do my hair in the mornings because I
just Platt it at night unplug it and
then just curl a few bits so so far I'm
loving it I might have to go inside cuz
just a little bit breezy it's not really
anything else to catch you up on
everything else I kind of got on
Instagram anyway so if you follow me
there that's where I've mostly been but
I do have some older footage that I
never got around to editing I basically
had a major malfunction on my laptop
when it came to editing and every time I
tried to edit a vlog it would crash and
it was driving me insane probably
another reason why I was like right now
I'm having a break I'm not doing vlogs
if I can't freaking edit them I think a
fix the problem fingers crossed if this
goes up I fix the problem but that does
mean I do have some like older Clips
that I never got to put anywhere and I
just feel like for memories sake it
would be a shame to bury those and never
upload them so at the start of this vlog
as a little like a couple of bits of
footage that I've had over the past
month or so I'm gonna insert here and
they're going to be much shorter and
snippy er than they probably would have
been had I actually ended them edited
them into a vlog but I will see you back
here after you have watched that I'm
starting to day off by doing something
particularly unexpected for me in fact
very unexpected I'm following a lot of
very positive lovely people on my
Instagram in fact I made a real
conscious effort start this year to only
follow people that were positive and
made me feel inspired motivated and just
generally happy and quite a few of those
people
running now I know that this isn't a new
thing in fact my mum has run multiple
marathons and goes running every time
she comes to stay here and it's
something I always try and then I'm like
I can't do it I cannot run I get so out
of breath I'm so unfit and I don't want
to lose any weight so I always just
think why would I bother running however
so many people when I have conversations
about mental health or if I go on
podcasts and we're discussing it alike
you should run running is amazing for
your brain and I'm like ah I know but I
just can't do it and I had she oh my god
so basically in short I've seen so many
people doing it on Instagram and I am
like yeah if they're doing it and it's
improving its own mental health and they
feel good doing it then I'm just gonna
try it so I went to the shops yesterday
picked up some running shoes I properly
went on the treadmill and the guy was
like yeah those ones are all good
they're strong enough for your uncle's
or something I don't know the technical
term I also don't know what brand this
is I think it's called like cloud I
don't remember it I'll have a little
look when I get back because the box is
on oh the box is up here I've downloaded
the couch to 5k app I even bought myself
a water bottle it doesn't actually have
the name it just says thank you Swiss
engineering made in Vietnam but what are
you okay I've got a card to join a
running club I'm not sure of the brand
guys and now I'm so on I just don't know
anything about these or just I don't
know anything about running let's be
honest but I've done it downloaded the
app and I'm gonna go out and do my first
one so I'll let you know how I get on
okay I'm off wish me luck
been a couple of minutes since I got
back and all I can say is I thought it
was gonna be oh my god my legs are like
jelly and you have to repeat it seven
times
the lovely Jo Whiley you can select who
like talks you through it so you get
prompts which I like because if it was
me left up to my own devices I wouldn't
have a clue so she tells you when to
walk when to run when to stop when
you're 60 seconds is up etc etc and you
do that seven times by the fifth time I
was like I cannot do any more like I
can't breathe
my chest hurts and I was like no I'm
will not be defeated on the first one so
I was like okay keep going but that was
hard but also around here it's not flat
so I was going up and down hills which
I'm gonna say meant mine was harder but
I really enjoyed it
I'm just very sweaty very out of breath
and I need to shower so I think if I'm
gonna do that doing it like 10 10 a.m.
is probably not the best time I need to
go out way earlier so it's not as hot
but yeah let me know if any of you are
doing the couch to 5k how did you get on
with it any tips anything I should take
with me I have my little water bottle
which I'm sipping I know you're not
supposed to like chug it and I also
bought you're gonna laugh but I also
bought one of these little like pouch
things so I can put the house key and my
phone in it and I couldn't find my
wireless air pods this morning so I have
to have a cable which was kind of
annoying we've got this huge rockery in
the garden which when we moved in looked
beautiful and now it's just full of oh
god no fell over it's just full of them
stinging nettles and weeds and the
lavender ain't looking so fresh so we're
gonna try and sort that out
maybe plants and things aren't here I
really want to pull these out I know
that some of you might be like no
they're really good they're fine I just
don't like them I think they look ugly
got thistles and I'm not my surprise you
guys but I'm not really a gardener Who
am I at the moment well the house
happened to me sense of 1029 I'm running
and gardening
I have always been a ninety-year-old at
Harper gardening is just not one of
those things I really do and when we
first moved in we decided with landscape
just to go like very green very
architectural kind of box bushes and
things like that and grasses but now I'm
like I just want color and I want pretty
flowers hey Missy Oh
this year I'm gonna plant some flowers
in the garden because they are looking
great so out these rank old hose pipes
and probably go on some runs because as
I said my mom loves running every time
she comes here she brings her trainers
and she's like you're gonna come and I'm
like no and this time I'm sure she'll be
very surprised for me to say okay as
long as obviously I'm gonna be listening
to my couch to 5k so she'll no doubt
just be running circles around me but
it's fine
is tonight me and Mark and Maddie are
heading to the blogosphere Awards
because I was actually on the judging
panel which was very exciting so yeah
we're gonna head there in London have a
nice night so I do need to get ready at
some point it's a little bit later on
now and as you can see I'm gonna taxi
joined by my fave person ever oh yeah
Marcus Maurice
Marcus Foley stop we are heading very
smelly death heading into the
blogosphere wards I took a foundation on
that was one shade to light and now you
can really tell oh wow and we've got a
little dinner and then they're handing
out the awards yeah it should be funny
Negi excited I'm really excited that's
just excited to experience something new
yeah like a pop supplies it pops I don't
think it's like posh posh I don't know
I've never been there
and seems like now
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
currently in a taxi on our way back
how was it I honest yeah that's that's a
nice time again what did I say how was
that was it
no I had a great time it was so good man
yeah it was I think I've got your award
oh yeah your new ass everyone was coming
together celebrate good cause is
celebrate talented nice people we order
nice drink and dance it was amazing so
many inspiring and motivating creators
[Laughter]
I've had a really good night what would
be your acceptance speech like seriously
customer service to my acceptance rates
really like oh my god
why am I here I would be like that girl
who is that I thought it was a scam I
wouldn't believe it
peace up a-town peace out love yourself
yeah
what's it gonna say love yourself no my
drunk I think maybe it's just hit you
yeah I've had like nine wines five if
I'm having a conversation and like
someone's pouring wine into my glass and
I'm like well they go where'd that come
from I don't think that's how it works
maybe thrice I actually knew that was
though that was talked to me the other
day that thrice is actually word once
twice thrice this is like cab convoys
with mark faris so cold the upside-down
house thank EE so it's right on the
beach look at the outside we should take
some pictures in front of thee look how
cool
literally can't take these to anywhere
look at them they've got ice cream and
push it down yeah and then when you
finish and you go to the cone you've got
like a perfect flake I went for mango
it's so good really nice refreshing and
we just sat on the beach sun's out
season beautiful yeah yeah you would I'm
just unsure of the creatures in this sea
yeah I know me and we've not had much
time to rest up and chill because we are
now about to head out to sea
the strictly Pro Tour which I'm excited
to see Jose arrived yeah how many times
we've seen this now this would be my
third or fourth time seeing it loves I'm
close to being able to actually join in
I just take Neil out and he's not gonna
like that so yeah we're gonna head into
town in a minute Alfie's mum is also
coming there were so many people that
really wanted to come but already have
plans loads of the girls in the office
and Holly who was like gutted that she'd
already made plans for tonight because
she really wanted to come I'm just gonna
put a tiny bit more concealer on the old
snakebite yep got another on a scale of
one to ten of tired I'm a good 4,000
which you can probably tell
probably mainly from my voice I feel
like my voice goes might flow up when
I'm tired okay I'll do a little bit more
fresh just put these on though because
I've got height those bags right I'll
see you when we get there
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
well I'm Joe's gun for a quick pain the
show was so good
everyone was incredible I have no idea
how they can dance like that
for that amount of time which was your
favorite dance oh yeah like 70 I really
liked the Blackpool bit when they were
doing like the Blackpool stuff with the
tail but yeah so that was really good
yeah and the musical bit basically it
was say was all great and now Joe is
heading back to London and I am gonna go
to bed because I am so tired it's just
been a crazy couple of days so nice
mm-hmm
I meant your poo oh thanks for coming
see you soon okay I said he wants to
teach next yeah okay back to present day
it's Saturday and myself and Alfie have
no food in the fridge so we decided we
would get up early today and head over
to the shops and do like a food shop we
mostly do our food shops online just
because for ease like we're both so here
there and everywhere but usually the
only thing we can really do is order
online and get it delivered but I do
really miss that like having a trolley
and like filling it and I just I like
wandering around supermarket so that's
what we're gonna do today this morning a
bit dark oh hopefully Alfie's getting
ready right now
because it's taking ages
Nullah has not been feeling very well
recently it's been over like a couple of
weeks she'll just randomly throw up or
do
the most suspicious-looking who I've
ever seen in my life to the point where
it actually looked like something that
came out of Nala
should have been in stranger things it
was that um so she's been back and forth
to the vets a couple of times they've
done lots of tests on her blood tests
and things like that and they've all
come back fine so we don't really know
what it is we think it might have been
about of gastroenteritis that she's
still just processing but fingers
crossed she's okay she had a funny five
minutes this morning after she ate her
breakfast although I think he might been
wind because she did on the biggest burp
I've ever heard in my life but yeah not
been a happy peach look you slap Klein
is back out look I'm vlogging say hello
to my vlog your hair looks lovely today
[Laughter]
what time did we say we we were gonna
get up and go out I think it was eight
o'clock I wanted to leave really say a
half nine bits now that ends now
mmm our fridge smells like camembert
like buttholes oh no I just said the
slack lines back out I love it it makes
our conservatory looks so cute
yeah let's go what did I have lipstick
oh I'm sorry
shall we say you wait I really like the
color of their a lot do you you know me
no no but this is like is yellowy beige
that's like pinky yeah sandy color I
like it I like 30 years old I was
thinking that the other day
I've liked associates nearly nearly 2020
and then I was like the beginning of
2020 you turned 30 I was watching a
PewDiePie video yes 30 now I'm not
closer to 30 yet surely no no not yet
not yet
when you are always [ __ ] 25 it's not
fast no I'm nearly 26 it's crazy that I
started like the other day Diane was
watching my things in my bedroom 60
things in my bedroom I was 19 in that
video that was 10 years ago
do we just sit here I mean we rushed
today because a real quarter should we
go in we can see lots of our mates
heading in I'd forgotten how many cute
old people come to M&S at the weekend
everyone going in is cute and old mind
who isn't one hey heat and old
three no Hey oh it's lovely
love it it's very nice okay now let's
that plant is cool is that fake oh yeah
that's quite nervous right let's go
let's get some food
all right as always just come down the
desert Isle and as I don't that we
really need to go down this one she's
like no this is my favorite one
I love campaign
max
but ain't you got both
Alfie's currently choosing a red wine at
taking a very long time that were you
thinking
I'll bet
but I like alphago's for the design and
the notes though
I myself not a fan of red wine or white
wine
lunches been had food has been put away
and I've now come upstairs and put my
cozy joggers on because it's a really
windy kind of gray day so I thought that
I would come upstairs and have an M&M
cookie because they're my favorite and
read a bit of the book that I'm
currently reading for this developer
club so we decided to do a book club on
the zoella Instagram account and once we
have the website up and running we can
be a little bit more like in depth with
like our reviews and things but so far
I've loved it because not that I needed
an excuse to read more but I never
prioritized it in the same way that I do
now because it's part of a book club
that we're doing so I'm like well I
can't not read the book in the book club
and I've loved how many of you have been
getting involved every month I'm reading
along with the same book that we're
reading so this month I think until the
I wanna say ninth of September we are
reading the Michelle Obama becoming
Burke I'm 16% in still have nine hours
and 23 minutes left reading it on my
Kindle because the actual book itself is
huge really heavy and I guess that's
just one of the reasons why I've been
really enjoying the Kindle but a lot of
you have actually asked me how I'm
finding it because I bought this
recently and as a lover of actual books
and the smell of books and that feeling
of like being halfway through and
finishing it and closing it in it
getting a bit wrinkled I kind of love
that I love actual physical books
however late at night or when I'm in the
bath or when you're kind of on on
holiday and books are heavy or they take
up a lot of space in your bag or you
want to take multiple if you're going
away for a while I just thought I would
try a Kindle because so many of the
girls in the office have one and loved
them so I've been really enjoying it I
think generally the
anyone who's like oh but I love books
too and would I love a Kindle the
battery life is incredible so these are
the things I love about it
battery life is incredible I love that
you can adjust the font they have a font
specifically for people with dyslexia
something that they find easier to read
a specific font you can change the size
you can change the brightness it's light
and easy to hold I love that you can
highlight certain parts of books that
you want to revisit or that you just
really like a quote of I like that you
can have as many books as you want on it
not that I read multiple at a time
because I can't I'm not one of those
people that can do that I have to read
like one or two at most
at once I can't read more you can have
it so that it shows you the percentage
you are through the book or it can show
you what chapter you're on or what page
you're on there's lots of different
things you can tweak and do this one is
also waterproof
it's a Kindle I think it's a paperwhite
I don't remember which one I ordered but
yeah that's kind of my my mini Kindle
review I really really like it I've I've
been telling so many people to get it
some people I know just love to like
hold a book and I get that because I
actually did read I read the Laura Jane
Williams our stop I read that as an
actual book but generally I find reading
on the Kindle makes me read a lot faster
because you're just literally just like
tapping through instead of like changing
the pages and it doesn't feel so
daunting I think right now if I was
holding Michelle Obama's book I would
feel defeated before I'd even started
and that's very unmotivated for me so I
quite like not knowing you know what 16
percent looks like in terms of holding
the physical book because I am one of
those people that is constantly like am
i halfway and my three-quarters of the
way how long till I finish so it's quite
nice that it tells you I have it on that
setting so I'm gonna read a bit eat a
cookie chill and watch celebs go dating
because I haven't seen any of that and
I'm really craving a little bit of like
easy to watch TV now that love island is
not on anymore by the way if any of you
were wondering what jumper this is
this is a suzanne jumper and i love it
and this headband is from it's either
and other stories or a sauce I can't
remember but I'll see if I can find it
and I'll link it down below if I do good
morning
it's now Sunday and myself and Alfie are
putting it to the garden center just for
something to do just to get out the
house I want to get some more house
plants basically some like really fresh
green looking ones but we're currently
driving down a road of like literally
just made for horses basically in the
Roman times
there's terrifying because you can only
fit one car down it going for this big
boy yeah love it to put in the
conservatory and then I'm I don't know
if this is like a smaller version and
then we've also got this one right what
else
what's that in your back pocket just
some curry sauce we just bought in the
farm shop we're hoping it tastes like
cheap shop curries huh I'd love that
and we've got some some organic white
clay some cheese
some Marmite cheese we have paid our
fees just got it is pocket so that we'd
have to carry it we've got so many
pretty breads oh my goodness you know
you need to use my toast tongs that
you've got me for Christmas actually
these aren't the ones you've got me
they're the ones your mum and dad got me
I've lost the ones you've got me I have
no idea where they've gone yeah so weird
yeah toast tongs was something that I
put on my Christmas list for that very
reason so alfea's having his pita breads
with is it this you're paying in it
black bomber cheese from the cheese
monger and then I wanted to have my pita
breads with some melty honey camembert
so yeah fair play fair play I kind of
want to spend the afternoon sorting out
cupboards and revamping the kitchen a
little bit because you know when you
just put things in places and they just
end up there like this crappy thing that
Alfie bought which just sits on the
island it's actually quite a good game
you basically it gives you a shape to
make and it tells you which one of those
it's very hard it's like brain training
really I want to get rid of this guy
because he is not very happy and either
move it or leave outside for some Sun
and rain but it's got lots of like white
on it and mum told me what it was and I
caught remember and then also Nick
Alfie's dad was like I think it's got
mildew or something so I'm not too sure
what's happened there but it's just not
very happy so sadly we have bought it a
replacement and we'll try and take this
to plant hospital if not maybe it might
just have to go to the compost these
also need a bit of love weirdly they're
fine on the ends but it's just up here
but they also have the white stuff on so
I'm not too sure what's happened with
them anyway and I'm going to try
take these lights off because last
Christmas or maybe the Christmas before
I wound these around with copper wire
and I really wish I hadn't I wish I'd
used much easier fairy lights because
it's just a bit of a nightmare I'm gonna
get those off camembert is done does
some pit of breads and some just normal
bread just Burton cheese basically I'm
still sorting out the kitchen but
someone's little bonfire and it smells
so good so this is my favorite plants
I've planted in my garden this year and
it's called a black-eyed Susan I think
that's what it's called but I'm
wondering if I need to plant it in a
bigger pot because it doesn't look happy
oh maybe I just need to keep watering it
maybe it's like really thirsty every day
I look at it it looks fine and then it
looks shriveled but how pretty are these
flowers they're so cute they love it
don't ya need to get some watering that
I'm currently I'm putting up one of the
new plant pots that I bought plants that
I bought to put in the bathroom
kitchen is looking much tidier I popped
a little plan in there which looks cute
so sort of tidied this area up a little
bit still need to put our bread items in
the little bread bag but it's just
looking a little bit neater we've just
made dinner so this is all a bit of a
mess
but how much better does this look I've
just cleared it all moved a couple of
house plants around this one wasn't
doing so well in the dining room so it
brought out here and moved Alfie
slackline this side so I could still
such hair doing over there that's weird
basically just had a little tidy up put
a new plant in here look at this bad boy
he is cool a new battery and I'm upset
look my lipstick is gone like a really
pinky color and quite like it also put a
new plant in here I love this I need to
tidy this area up but I just think it
looks so cool the one I did have there
wasn't doing so well there so I just
thought this might be better and then I
think I might put a slightly smaller
something here but yeah it's very plant
focused I still need to hang some from
the ceiling this one and this one I
don't know whether to hang them here by
the door or to hang them here I'm not
sure and I also don't know how to hang
them into the ceiling I think maybe
that's the job for someone who knows how
strong a hook we might need for that but
yeah love it I'm going to have myself a
little bath and in my bath I am going to
be testing a couple of the prototypes of
the lush bomb that I am creating with
lush for a charity
campaign which is very very exciting I
actually blogged going down there for
the first initial meeting where we
picked the fragrances and we got the
general idea of what we wanted it to be
like as you go back and watch that if
you didn't see it but we've had meeting
since then and it's still progressing
these things take a long time to get
right and a lot goes on when let's do
their amazing campaigns so I've got a
meeting about that on Friday actually of
next week another meeting but in the
meantime Jack has worked on a couple
more prototypes so I am going to test
one in the bath tonight so I can give
him my feedback he's told me to be very
honest which I will be but yeah I'm
excited
