good morning it is currently Monday and
I got up this morning took one look at
our fruit basket and noticed that our
bananas were past their best so I
thought I would make a banana loaf so
that's what I've done this morning and
it's currently 839 and I think it's
about done you never really know weave
banana loaf because it always looks done
stick sign in the middle and it isn't so
I'm gonna just make sure I need to get a
proper cake tester I did used to have
one but I think I lost it in the old
house and I've not seen it since also
getting myself a full open cold sore I
actually posted on my Instagram I want
to say like last month saying like does
anyone have any advice for if you get
cold sores repeatedly all the time all I
have to ever do is have a bit of dry
skin pick it off and I get a cold sore
or accidentally bite my lip that I get a
cold sore or get slightly rundown and I
get a cold sore get a little bit
stressed I get a console if I'm tired
cat console basically anytime I'm not
like 90% or above I get a cold sore and
it's so annoying right I'm gonna get
this out of the oven and see if it's
done also haven't done my makeup yet but
that's because I kind of wanted to film
doing it
it's not it's not coming out completely
clean but I think that's just moist cake
nurse oh I don't know maybe I'll just
give it like two minutes but then you
don't want to be dry by the way if any
of you are like baby King fanatics and
you don't follow cupcake - I'm out on
instagram or on youtube then you should
be
she sent me these they're so cool aren't
they thank you Gemma
I love them oh my god I can't even tell
you how good this banana loaf taste
taste smells the banana knife recipe
that I used are linked in the
description box it's the maryberry one
oh I just when I said what cake makes on
my book oh it's butter well it's the
maryberry
banana leaf recipe and it's the one that
has chocolate chips in I'm sorry I just
love a banana bread with chocolate chips
see I know it's not the healthiest
banana bread but it is the best and I
doubled the recipe because it makes
quite a small banana like that one so I
doubled it and as well as the chocolate
chips I also added in a whole bar of
Milky Bar white chocolate and each chunk
of chocolate I broke in half so it was
like a smaller chunk but it's gonna be a
very unhealthy very delicious banana
bread look at that it always says to
line the loaf tin but my god lining a
loaf tin and baking paper is impossible
I don't know how to do it I can line the
cake round cake tins because you can buy
those round how the hell do you line
that any baking of these yes please
share because I tried to a cut like a
square and then I tried to like cut bits
down here it just it was really bad so
yeah hopefully I'll be able to get that
out because I didn't use baking tray
baking tray baking sheet but I did use a
lot of butter so hopefully it's like
greasy enough so I'm back in my spare
room and I thought I would record doing
my makeup again because I really enjoyed
doing that the other day
I've already got my
Dreiser on going in with my lasting
perfection concealer this is the isn't
fair yeah
so on days where I don't have as much
time to do my makeup I kind of just
cover my face in concealer gonna use a
little bit of the bourgeois radiance
reveal this is lovely to brighten under
your eyes never too shy with the hour
under Aisha's and then I'm going to use
a bit of the lasting perfection in the
shade medium cool which is a bit darker
yeah as I'm saying if I don't have as
long to do my makeup I'll kind of just
Chuck a load of concealer on like this
and I'll get my bare minerals foundation
I use the shade fairly medium I'm not
really fairly medium right now I'm more
like see-through and then I swirl my
brush in there get a little tap and then
I literally just like blender
it's definitely not how you're supposed
to use it I don't think because you're
kind of blending powder over a lot of
liquid but I find this a really quick
way of blending out the concealer but
also just giving my face like a bit more
of an healthy glow
fun fact Bare Minerals was the first
proper foundation I ever wore yeah my
mum saw it on the QVC channel when I was
16 before that I didn't really wear
foundation we weren't allowed to wear
makeup in our school so I think I
probably just put a little bit of
concealer on and a bit of mascara maybe
then when I entered sixth form it was
all about the bare minerals and my mum
bought some tea
I loved it I've been using it ever since
I feel like in a lot of people's case
they probably would use like a BB cream
or a CC cream instead of that but I just
things like that go very greasy on me so
I'm much prefer a powder because I just
feel like it lasts a lot lot longer I'm
gonna do a little bit of Clarins bronzer
this is the limited edition bronzing and
blush compact I am a sucker for these
every year they bring out ones like this
I just I love them
what
I need to clean my brushes there we go a
little bit of bronze now I'm going to
use my zoella X color pop for update
pressed powder this is the blush and
it's called soulmate
it's very pretty go in with a light hand
though because it's also very pigmented
I'm gonna put a little bit of this on
because I don't have my color pop
highlighter here
it's the Mac dazzle dazzle Mac
highlighter and it's this shade it's
dazzle pink although this is very
glittery I'm not sure I'm not sure where
I want much of that just a little bit
highbrow
the Anastasia dip brow pomade the shade
I use is medium brown FYI and I just go
in with a little angled brush I'm gonna
have to get closer to my mirror for this
look how much easier it is for me to do
my eyebrows now I've had them threaded
honestly what did i do before threading
well I butchered my eyebrows is what I
did
and it's taking me so long to grow them
back I was gonna ask actually does
anyone think like sperm brows are gonna
make a comeback like really thin like
90s brows that would be annoying after
we've all grown them back goodness oh my
god my whole house smells a banana cake
really don't need to fill them in too
much when I get them threaded and tinted
eyeshadow so I thought because it's a
color that I know a lot of you were a
bit scared of in the palette not scared
of in fact it's so funny it's like you
either think oh my god I never use that
or so many people are so excited to use
it the electric-blue
I'm gonna use that today and I'm gonna
show you what I do all we need to get my
blue
I've caught a shadow re shadow brushes
that are specifically for this blue eye
shadow so as you're watching this the
collection is available so feel free to
check the link in the description box
and see what you fancy ok so the color
branch Club I pack it on with a normal
shadow brush
you can get varying intensities of the
blue if you just want a wash of color
then you don't need to pack it on as
much I like it quite I like it quite
intense you don't have to be too near
the stage either because I'm aware I
look a bit like a clown right now it
also might be wise to start on your eyes
and then do your skin after depending on
how messy you are your eye should I then
take it underneath but again you don't
have to on the photoshoot we didn't we
just kept it on top but I like mine
quite smoky so I like to take it
underneath okay now you've done this one
to blend blend blend
now I have blended I am going to use
where's my liquid eyeliner I'm using the
Dior liquid eyeliner and I'm just gonna
go and do a little cat eye on top
like so now using the xoxo black gel
cream liner I'm just gonna smoke a
little bit along the lash line now for
mascara I'm using the Marc Jacobs velvet
noir major Volume Mascara
I feel like mascara is what really
finishes this off bTW
right what towel no do you not remember
it got really wet so I put it over the
bar to dry I'm in here in the spare room
and do my makeup is the best lie I did
it in here the other day and I really
liked it because I can put my camera on
the windowsill do we I've got it on a
tripod but it's just really easy I'm
gonna shower
okay can you smell the banana bread I
literally can't believe you even baking
that's insane right I'm using the little
one-liner
what she looks nice on its own but I am
gonna put the little one liquid lip on
to you because I wore the other one in
the other video so I thought it would be
nice to wear the nude in this one over
my scabby lip good job on the only one
using there right so there you go I
ain't a professional makeup artist but
that doesn't mean I can't play around
like everyone else with a bit of color
also freakin love this lip also costs
naughty nosed okay so there you go
blue if I could do it you can do it ah I
always thought it could really do blue
eyeshadow with blue eyes because like
flash ah that's rubbish because you can
because I have and if I have then that
means that that that that's the rule bit
fix plus we want the makeup to last all
day happy with that made a mess happy
with that I know that lots of you were
keen to know how I did it so hope you
enjoyed that and now we have Dave coming
over because he is a friend but he is
also our business advisor so we like to
have monthly meetings where we talk
about the team and like things that we
could be doing differently because I
don't know if you've noticed but we have
to manage people so that's something I
never learnt in school and Dave's
amazing at giving us really great advice
in all areas of things that aren't the
witch aren't necessarily the side of
what we do that is kind of more well
known or something you can just learn so
yeah that's what we're doing this
morning news text
me that was a whatsapp message that was
oh okay this is a more accurate
representation of the colors on my face
rather than the Sun bleaching out right
let's hope Alfie's Reddy nipped into the
office quickly for some catch ups just
going through all the lovely coverage
that everyone is giving for the color
pop stuff which is so exciting this it's
not even out yet there's some great
makeup looks which kind of puts mine to
shame but that's fine some people are
better at it than others
and now I've ordered myself some lunch
from my favorite place in the world and
I'm gonna head back and carry on doing
some bits and pieces from home right I'm
home now I've eaten my lunch and I just
fancied a bath I felt really like cold
and like I wanted to get into my cozies
but before I did that I thought I'm
gonna have a little bath and I've got
bubbles in it and I was just throwing
them at Nala so I wanted to show you
what she was like it so fully thinking
Ready Steady
any
ready
yes so to you your bottles although here
the slips delightful got myself a Diet
Coke
Conway good evening everybody it is now
Oh No I've got the dreaded the dredges
camera lens is stuck when I open it it's
not time for a new camera yet don't do
this to me it's currently Wednesday
evening and I haven't vlogged since
Monday but I've been busy sorting out
everything for these OLX colour-pop
launch which is the basically what I've
been speaking about for like the last
week and it's just gone live and I
really just wanted to vlog the fact it's
just gone live because it's been so
exciting it's very blue in here that's
better yeah it's been so so exciting so
it went live an hour and a half ago
available on the colour-pop website as
I've said before I'll leave a link down
below so you guys can go and check it
out if you're watching this and this is
your reminder and you don't follow me
anywhere on like Instagram or anything
the response has been so incredible my
Instagram comments are full there's like
at the moment there is 1073 comments of
everyone telling me what they have
ordered and it's so nice and I just
received a really lovely comment and I
wanted to share it with you because it
really resonated with me personally in
some way so someone put I just grabbed
the whole PR package super-excited sad
to say I'm 24 and this is the first
makeup I've ever purchased law couldn't
just pass could have just couldn't pass
up great branding as always Zoe and I
was like I love that and there's so many
people commenting saying I don't feel
very confident with makeup and I've
ordered something stop it now he's being
very rude in the background not in a
nasty way in a slightly naked way Alfie
I'm having a moment
and people who you know aren't the most
confident with makeup or or who look at
kind of your everyday makeup user and
kind of start your booth put me off I
don't know what I'm saying and it kind
of resonated with me because I know I'm
not some highly-skilled
amazing makeup artist that doesn't mean
I don't love makeup and there are so
many people who don't feel like they're
worthy of like experimenting or buying
makeup but there's a reason so many of
us love makeup and it doesn't matter if
like you can cut your crease or you you
know you're like super at contouring
because it's not about that it's about
how it makes you feel and being creative
and that excitement you feel when you go
out and buy a new lipstick and what it
makes you feel like when you've got it
on regardless of how well you've applied
it because that's not really in my mind
that's not really what makeup is about
for me it's about the excitement of
using it and you know experimenting and
watching a tutorial and thinking oh I
might try that I mean I might not be
very good but I might give a try and
that's basically all I've ever done I've
never been to like makeup school I've
never trained as a makeup artist I've
just bought things I've loved and had a
lot of fun with it and it makes me so
happy that so many of you are doing this
with this collection because yeah
they're not the most extreme colors but
they are still like in a lot of people's
comfort zone hey stop looking for a lot
of people that's encourage them to buy
makeup for the first time and I just
think that's so nice because they'll get
it and they'll get that like joy of
experimenting with it and that is what
made me get into makeup was watching
everyday people like me buying makeup
and trying it and like just having fun
with it and I
just love that so yeah really cool and
I'm very happy so many of you are loving
it look at this dog why you like this
yeah let me know in the comments of this
video what you ordered it may have
arrived by the time you're watching this
I have no idea but yeah thanks so much
to everybody who supported me and
ordered something and I'm so so pleased
you're all so excited and now myself and
Alfie
I'll go bouldering with Steve Alexia and
Morgan and my socks are the coolest
thing in the world if you are a 90's kid
you know what these socks are only the
best thing ever
I've been bouldering a long time I don't
even really think I'm that good at it
because I don't have a fear of heights
but I have a fear of falling from a
height and to me I know I could get
higher but when I get quite high on the
wall I panic a bit that I might fall and
then it's a really high drop and I'm not
very good at falling safely I would
definitely try and land on my ankles to
stay hydrated yeah what do I do about
bag or do not retake one do people take
bags bouldering what do i do my blister
plasters where do I put my blister
plasters and my phone then
[Music]
okay Zoey starting off of a1c
to be obviously have you
yes
and then your aim is to get your hand up
there on that red ones it's not too high
finish yeah that's good
go on you're just gonna cry now
hey guys back from bouldering this is a
really flattering angle arms my arms
hurt I don't want to hold the camera out
oh how proud you of me Debbie pow
I did some good ones at the end felt a
little burn confident at first I think I
may have been copying my balls and dick
when you filmed me just them oh yes fun
it was a lot of fun but my hat oh my
hands really hurt now and also re my
arms hurt like if you were doing that
solidly climbing climbing climbing for
an hour because obviously we had moments
where we sat down and had a break do you
just bite your lip so hard yeah oh [ __ ]
oh my god
literally you probably would have heard
that no camera you just had my teeth
crunch through my neck let me say okay
it's not so bad it's only small but it's
a lot of blood very small
oh yeah it's gonna feel good on the
Nando's sauces now I just didn't really
think about it being like a form of like
exercise mainly because obviously I
wasn't gonna be doing it to the extreme
that I just I didn't think I would be
doing it to the point where it was
exercise if that makes sense
but yeah I answer so so a great arm
workout something fun and a bit
different to do is that have weights
only why don't we just different do I
normally do no I meant if you do way if
there's your way just break
something else for me to do other than
all my weight you doing that to your
shoulders just reminded me of something
I'll come one now what my hands are
tired you can't be sin your hands are
tired and then it about me people are
gonna wonder what the hell you're
talking about unless you say I was only
half a massage at least ten minutes I
said that they see our zuriat' massage
and then the other day I was incredibly
tired so I said can I give you half a
massage now and a half another time not
tonight I could try but surely your
hands are now like all warmed up what do
you feel like giving me a massage no but
this is the first time I've done it so
it's hurting me more than my mom I
didn't use enough chalk I was like guys
I really don't think I'm gonna need York
like I'm not really doing anything oh it
was liquid chalk and I rubbed it on my
hands like a hand sanitizer but that's
not what you're supposed to do so I
Dwight will over the back all over the
back and the friend was like bring my
girlfriend to bouldering day I've never
been there before because of the back of
your hands yeah I gave it I kind of made
it really smash that like actually did I
tried I realize now were you scared to
go past halfway and then you just sent
it and then you I reckon you did at
least 5 climbs completed yeah I did
complete I in the end I wanted to make
it my mission to complete them because I
only like to go so far because of my
fear of falling from a high bit but yeah
it's fun so I'm gonna go to sleep now
because I'm tired um Alfie's put the big
nasty show on so I thought this is gonna
be a really relaxing thing to watch
before bed have you spoken about how
your product range is done it's going so
well guys I'm so happy
mostly I'm just really happy like I
don't mind how many cells but I'm mostly
just really happy that there's so many
excited people that are like sharing
with me what they've put
I love to wait until people start
receiving them then I'll be back yeah
that's really exciting me sure when you
can see people's looks with it all well
people like I'm going out for my first
date with a new guy tonight I'm wearing
your so cute but yeah I'm gonna go to
sleep now but it's weird because in LA
which is obviously where colour-pop is
based they're all still like at work and
here is like half 11th so we're gonna be
on to sleep and they're still good god I
got almost got that so dead-on
11:31 1131 so they're still going so I
kind of want to stay up and like chat to
them about it but at the same time I'm
very tired
I don't need to go to sleep at some
point I can't do an all-nighter just
like tomorrow oh yeah night oh you
aren't you slapping the weights you do
here I guess my weight
[Music]
can you tell it's you know one more
villas this me I hate these glasses why
I don't know they make me look cool no
see in a minute
good morning happy Saturday to you and
you and you just currently sat in
Waitrose car park as you do put in a bit
of peri-peri drizzle in my hummus
because the hummus and peri drizzle from
Nando's is the one I love it went out
this morning for breakfast
actually with Sean poppy
Alexia feeds and Alfie and that was
really nice we went to IG G which is now
called chard
I think they a half owned the space now
so the restaurants started different
than it used to be but we had ricotta
pancakes
don't get me wrong I love me a pancake I
think it was just the fact that it was
ricotta they were very very light like
if they don't they didn't feel like
stodgy pancakes which is nice and I
loved it they had honeycomb in them but
I mean I'm just not sure about them
being made with ricotta I like quite a
classic pancake me um but really nice to
go out and see everybody this morning so
that was really nice and then as we were
leaving I just felt like I needed some
like bread so I got Nando's I thought I
was full but I just I don't think I was
I think I needed bread and Hamas and a
burger and sides to fill me up
mm and now the reason we're in waitress
car park is because we were narrow in
this particular weight raised which is
the one we always used to go to when we
live like more around this area they do
the sushi that Alfie is obsessed with so
as we were driving past he was like I'd
love to know your Nando's order in the
comments please I'm a lemon and herb
chicken gal I can't do medium spice I
used to be able to do medium spice but
then for some reason it got very very
hot and I'm not very good at spicy
things sometimes I'll go medium if I'm
feeling wild oh here he comes oh my god
what has he bought ice that's gonna melt
in the car oh and you've got your sushi
to get you amazing thank you
