good morning it's currently Monday and I
woke up this morning and the Sun was out
and I was like I swear Saturday was
meant to be like the last sunny day
because I had all these plans that like
sort my wardrobe out and do stuff in the
house and my mom was like no get outside
it's the last sunny day for like two
weeks because it's gonna rain non-stop
but actually there's a tiny bit of nice
weather yesterday mostly rain and I've
woke out this morning and it's sunny and
I was like oh my god so I checked my
weather I was like maybe it was wrong
maybe it's gonna be sunny no it's gonna
be sunny until 11 this morning and then
it's gonna rain for two weeks
so I was like right that's it I'm
getting up I'm not lying in bed any
longer I'm gonna make the most of this
last little bit of Sun before two weeks
of rain because don't get me wrong I
love all term
I love cozy weather but I really don't
love prolonged rain I love it for like a
day or an afternoon but two weeks of
rain this is why people move to LA
because that doesn't happen but yeah
it's so nice out this morning like it
actually smells so fresh it's like it's
the really weird smell it's like when
it's rained and the sun's come out but
it's still very like early in the
morning I love it it reminds gonna sound
kind of insane it really reminds me when
I was in primary school we used to or
maybe it was walking too I feel like it
was walking from my primary school to
the village hall or something which was
like round the corner it would smell
like this I feel like if my friend Alex
is watching she might know what I'm
talking about and Joe might know what
I'm talking about but it's like also
just smells like are like village veg
vegetarian ah static smell this morning
I can't quite put my finger on what it
smells like it smells like something our
village hall walking to the village hall
in autumn
going to our harvest festival and don't
know or our bank holiday fare where you
go in a tent and all the villages of
like growing their own marrows and
pumpkins that's what it smells like
smells like that anyway you may have
noticed I've woken up so my cold sores
have kind of gone thank God haven't
really been feeling the best over the
past few days I don't know what it is I
think I've got a virus holy [ __ ] that
was a pigeon I think I've got a virus
I've got a heady sinusitis E awful
horrible virus and it's really dragging
and I'm taking medication so sometimes
I'm like oh I'm fine and I'll like go to
the office and then I'll come back and
just be like oh my god but I'm hoping
this week I technically have like my
week off which I gave myself at the
start of the year I talked about this I
feel like I did in a vlog way way back
basically it started this year I wanted
to make more time for me slow down with
work stuff and really summarizing this
very quickly make more time for me and
things I really want to do things I
never have time for less big work
projects so I've put a lot of things on
pause so that I just had this year to
really not sort myself out but just give
myself like a year of no not as many
pressures and honestly been one of the
best things I've ever done but part of
that was to give myself like a week off
every eight weeks also aware this is a
very privileged thing to be able to do
and it's only because I am obviously in
charge of my career and life and work
for myself I don't have a boss or any
anything like that although people do
get holiday in their normal jobs but
yeah I just decided that that was
something I was going to do because I've
done years previous to that where I've
gone away for a week in summer and
that's being the only time I've had off
when it is not good for my mental health
personally I know that it can feel a
little bit like even when you're off you
really off so that's what I did and I've
got another one of those wheats coming
up but I've already I've already slept
heard some work stuff into it which I
knew would happen in some of the weeks
because it was more just if I feel I
need it I'll take it if I don't feel I
need it I'll do half or I'll do it a
couple of days so I have got some
meetings and things I've got a meeting
this morning but then after that I am
gonna do although on my arm we're
talking for five minutes after that I am
going to do some autumn II bits to the
house which I don't usually film because
they look like this and I wear my
pajamas and I don't think about filming
it but I am gonna just film some little
bit I've already started with the
cushions and things but I can just show
you what I've done so far and then I
will crack on and show you any other
little bits I do today I'm just gonna
get followed by this one until I feed
her so that's what I'm gonna do now so
all of last night when we were watching
TV I could hear a cricket I just came in
here to make up the sofa plump up all
the cushions and I heard it again and I
thought it was outside but why on earth
would there be a cricket in September
outside the window
it's got to be in here did you hear that
maybe it's a bird do birds sound like
crickets sometimes nah that's a cricket
there's a cricket behind a sofa I swear
to God
I can't see it but it's driving me mad
maybe it is outside it sounds like it's
just one cricket and I swear the only
reason we have crickets in our garden
anyway or in our house it's the time
that Joe film that video where he
brought them round we were doing like a
guess what it is in the box and he put
crickets in there he bought them from
pets at home and then we obviously set
them free in the garden and since then
our garden has sound like a bloody
desert with all the cricket noises so I
think we may have started our own little
like cricket sanctuary around our house
sometimes right I need to get ready for
the day it's a little bit later on now
as you can see I've done my hair and
makeup so it looks much nicer Lauren is
here and we are taking some pics for the
website exciting but I was like I need
to document this moment of me putting
the wreath on the door because we're
doing that as one of the pictures so I'm
gonna look up here by the way two baby
pictures oh my god that's so still and
so big I'm still so surprised they're in
there and actually they've not made an
awful lot of mess um I'm not too
bothered by that look one of their
little shells it's okay we won't come
near you just ignore us we're just
autumn Inge they all say I'm in the
process I'm doing up this entranceway
I did it last year I had like one hay
bale and a pumpkin this year I'm going
all out so me and Holly are going on
Thursday to tulley's they're letting me
pick some pumpkins take some hay and
some corn up here and so it's not done
yet like I have some wood that needs to
go inside logs and things I'm not sure
about the weather out today I went like
literally after being outside taking
those few pictures on the step my hair
my real hair has like really frizz so
weird I'm like that Lauren is the sign
that it's gonna rain there's moisture in
the air and lo and behold it's about to
rain so I'm back inside
I've changed my jump focus we were just
taking lots different pics I've decided
to put the firearm and known that film
quick in the comments what film is it
did you get it right it's you've got
mail the best film for this time of year
ever as I said I am going to show you
some little bits and pieces that I have
changed altered switched out because of
the time of year yeah I'm gonna do my
porch way like I said earlier but I'm
gonna probably finish that on Thursday
it turns up in here I've changed out a
lot of the cushions which I do every
year but I did buy some new ones I
didn't need to but hmm just have the
best cushions this time of year I'm
gonna leave links to anything that I can
in the description box as I always do
but these I have to say are without a
doubt my fav they're like really soft
well
tea with like these little indents I
just love them I got a lot of these this
one is also hmm how autumnal is that and
you can also buy the inserts so I bought
the cushion cover and the inserts and so
I've got those mixed in with the normal
gray and then over here oh oh she
spotted a doggy I feel like this is this
is not hmm I don't think I don't
remember where that one's from maybe
next that one's from next or is it from
M&S hmm
I don't remember but if I can find out
I'll leave it in the description box
I've had this one for a while this one's
new and that one is hmm as well it's
just slightly smaller and then I've done
the same thing over here I've just
switched out some of the cushions this
is new I just thought this was quite
cozy and when we have lots of people in
it's just another place for someone to
sit around the coffee table but that's
from all over bonus and then this basket
which I mean you could see but you can't
see now this basket I've just filled
with throws this is from hmm this is
from Marks & Spencer and it is the
softest biggest throw you will ever see
in your life and I flip in love it and
I'm not gonna lie before I've linked
that in description box I'm gonna place
an order of many many more because I
don't want to run out through the year
they're really similar to the ones that
me and Alfie bought last year from the
garden center and so many of you were
like where did you get those throws they
look so cozy but because it was a random
garden center all I could really say was
like the make of it and then people have
to sort of hunt for them this is a Marks
& Spencer one you can get them in size
double as in double bed because I think
you're supposed to put them on your bed
but for me they're like the perfect
coating up on the sofa row and they're
just like the garden center ones and
obviously now our garden center ones
aren't as good as the sort
throw once you wash it a couple of times
it's never gonna be the same ever again
so I'm gonna order loads and I suggest
you do the same because they are so
great and so I'll leave a link to those
as well oh I bought new front doormat
this was also from oliver bonus it just
says hello i just quite liked it was
quite autumnal i like then this which
was in my other room I've just brought
to here just because I think it looks
nice
very old tum no that's kind of it in
terms of anything I've done so far I've
got my bath and Bodyworks candles on the
go I bought my lovely bouquet which is
here look how gorgeous he needs to go in
I changed up these these are all hmm
I just felt like it went with the
colours in the back so yeah that's all
I've done so far but I am going to try
and hunt down any other little autumnal
bits
I've got downstairs and like distribute
them around the house because today is
officially the first day of autumn so I
think I've done very well to wait this
long so of I mean the cushions have been
on a sofa for over a week so hi welcome
to my creepy basement this was actually
one of the things that really sold me
the house because I have so much stuff
because I can never get rid of anything
but I was like I need space my Christmas
decoration space my Halloween
decorations space them and my every
occasion through the year decoration and
I've now got things like costumes
Christmas trees Nala costumes is where
we dry our clothes all of our fees
outside [ __ ] and all the things that's
like [ __ ] my boyfriend buys if you know
I'm talking about I have a highlight on
my Instagram of just all the random
stuff alfie buys garden stuff picnic
blanket
all of alphas gadgets just so much stuff
kindling logs all the stuff that if I
didn't have this basement I don't know
where I would put it some pine cones I
think we should take these up pumpkin so
we take some of those the ones I know a
pumpkin hat
[Music]
this is fun spider costume okay she
needs to go upstairs
growing up my mum would have bought
things like this and I always told
myself I will never be like my mum where
I buy things because I feel sorry for
them if I don't buy them because they
look like they have like their own lives
and personalities and I have become that
person I get it now mum I get it yeah
I'd say these are this time of year I
might put them outside towels hello
gorgeous
[Music]
freaking out
[Music]
just come up to the bedroom to put one
of my camera batteries on charge and I
thought would show you the autumnal bed
this is the throw that I had in my other
vlog the waffle throw from hmm this is
the HTM duvet cover the like pinky one
these are H&M this whole thing is just
hmm
these are H&M is this pillowcase hmm
probably so yeah there's just another
little slice of autumn you now find me
in the attic which is not as big as a
basement it's just like us it's quite
small actually for an attic I think most
people think of an attic is like the
whole upstairs space of an entire house
but this one's it's quite small but I
love it because it's so like not creepy
I think that was one of my things we
moved in here I was like can we like
spider proof the Attic because if our
attic is cobwebby and full of spiders
and really creepy like the attic I
always had growing up I ain't going in
there
I'm not storing things in there either
so this houses a lot of zoella Beauty
stuff so in every one of these boxes I
have each collection that I've ever
released just for the men's you know and
I've got so there's a lot of like
critters Christmas wrapping paper which
ones down Chris Nala Christmas outfits
Christmas candles Christmas jumpers
Christmas stuff there isn't decorations
basically some more how cute pumpkin
kisses harvest wishes okay well it's a
few bits up here
[Music]
I've popped this little glass pumpkin
some conkers and things and the little
pumpkin kisses harvest wishes some pics
of me and Alfie then like the little
pumpkin mouse and then I popped the
witch up there even though I did just
say I'm not gonna do Halloween yet but I
just thought she balanced it out a bit
I've popped me hello gorgeous and I'm
not sure about this I think in the
evening it will look really nice because
it lights up inside and I've got the
candle there but I think it just needs
something else and I can't work out what
that needs or if that just looks a bit
garish it's a shame about this massive
gold bit because I like the Stars cut
out of this and the orange goes really
well with the auger and then the orange
here and the little pops of orange that
I've got like everywhere around here but
I just don't know about that pumpkin in
general I'm not sure why I bought it I
do kind of love it but it is very like
tacky don't get me wrong I love a bit of
tacky but I think this where I'm
struggling here because I kind of want
to mix classy with tacky and I don't
know if it works but so far I like
everything I've put out so I'm
conflicted I don't know about it I'm
gonna see if there's anything else I can
add to this so that it doesn't look as
like just there but I didn't I dunno
Bella um one of the other things that I
found downstairs was a dog costume
which I don't think I remembered that I
had fought so I'm gonna see if this fits
Nala I am going to see if it fit here
look at you having a little rest by the
fire you just chill in my god it has
freaking hat oh my god oh my oh my god
you look so funny
can I see if this will go on
oh my gosh oh my god guys if I can find
this I'll leave it below I think it was
on Amazon oh my god I think this is my
favorite thing ever no honey you are
such good girl
yes you are can I take a picture descend
to the girlies in the office yeah
