so thanks everyone for coming I just
wanted to start by saying that this is a
safe space
obviously this cameras rolling but like
I said before there's things people want
to share and they being can just be like
let's not build up in the last six years
of my life have been in the social media
world and that's where most of us have
connected at some point on that journey
and at the beginning of last year coming
to LA and settling with riot just felt
like it's a shift for me on from a
actually a bit of an addiction to kind
of churning out videos and playing the
game on social media to think like what
do I really want my life and message to
be about especially what from hearing
from different friends in this kind of
industry and whatever like how they're
struggling with stuff and feeling
isolated and disconnected and
disillusioned and I just thought I
really want to be a support to people
and find ways to gather people together
and yeah just talk about real life and
be a support to one another so me and
Brandon saying of this thing called the
social good Club which we've held a few
meals and little intimate events and
yeah that's a big part of what I'm
committing my time and effort into as
well as on the side making content I
think a big shift for me is like being
more of a support and mentor and
bringing people together into spaces
like this and yeah I just want to
acknowledge you all and appreciate that
you'll come down and maybe we could all
go round and just introduce ourselves
just so everyone knows everyone and then
hand over to Russell to lead us all in a
bit of a conversation and maybe hear
what you've been up to and what your
course is about and this whole kind of
journey you've been on and then we can
just start sharing it as vulnerably as
we want it as long as I know in the back
of my mind there will be a bit wary to
have comes to me and I get to talk loads
I think I can really relax so reassuring
to know
it kind be kind listen be kind you tuber
and content creator and I used to travel
full-time with lewy we travel four years
older in the world and I love my content
used to focused on just travel vlogs and
throughout my journey I've started
sharing more and more of my personal
journey as I'm learning to be kinder to
myself others and the planet and so my
channel is shifting more and more into
that just sharing my journey into
conscious living and hopefully inspiring
others to go in there underneath hi I'm
Elle I'm 21 years old I'm from Canada
and I make videos about my life but in
like a teen movie format like I
described as I describe it as a Ferris
Bueller how to youtube channel and so
yeah that's what I've been doing for the
past two to two years being a youtuber
is kind of been my childhood dream and
cuz I grew up with YouTube and it's been
hot a lot of ups and downs but I know
goodbye
cool yeah my name is Matt also from
Canada one of the many mats in the room
I am a youtuber a content creator I've
been doing it for 10 years now and I
have learned a lot about spirituality
and had been focusing a lot on my mental
health over the last three years because
as you know it can be really difficult
being a content creator with the
tremendous pressure of creating online
and now I'm a mental health and
meditation advocate on top of content
creator
hello everybody another Matt I started a
YouTube channel with my friends in 2015
called yes theory and our whole motto is
seek discomfort so we go around the
world taking strangers and subscribers
with us to get out of our comfort zones
because we believe that life is best
lived on the other side of your comfort
zone I am here because Louie kindly
invited me and I've struggled over the
last seven years with loads of anxiety
not only from YouTube but just personal
life as well and social media is a very
weird thing to get into if you have
anxiety so it was an interesting
my nation and now I feel like I'm really
making the effort to get on the other
side of it and being in places like this
with people like you really helps
somethings have to learn and hear your
stories
my name is not Matt I'm breaking the
whole chain here um this next week will
actually be 11 years so I will have been
on YouTube and I content YouTube creator
all that stuff but I started like makeup
and beauty and turning myself and other
people and cutting t-shirts and doing
all kinds of random things but my
biggest videos are always the
transformation when I turn myself and
other people and it's a lot of pressure
like you said it's much more than
anybody knows like the pressure to keep
going get people to keep seeing what
you're doing and I had a lot of things
happen in the last couple years so this
in my whole time was the first time for
it's been one whole year since I posted
a video which feels like so weird to
even say that because I was like 2
videos a day so I feel like I'm just in
a place of discovering like a new
direction and and growth and the
pressure of what the Internet has causes
amazing dreams coming true but then like
just crazy stress and anxiety and bouts
of depression from this so I'm just kind
of at that place thing where what am I
gonna do how can I still help people do
this you know I'm Brandon I'm probably
the one person this table it doesn't
have a channel
every day I spent the last ten years in
a music industry and after a family
situation that had to do with mental
health and suicide decided that came my
life to addressing social isolation and
loneliness and that's where I kind of
linked up with Louie and we've taken on
this new mission of using social media
to address some of the more the more
difficult things for for individuals to
dress for themselves hi I'm Katie I'm a
licensed therapist and I have a mental
health channel on YouTube so most of
what I do is just education based
although I'm still a creator so I feel
it and just cuz I know better doesn't
mean I do better I should so yeah that's
what I do I've been on YouTube for 8
years now actually just last month a
years that was quite an Russell I
I also do things on YouTube it's really
overwhelming listen to you all thank you
for corralling everyone together and
generate in this experience I suppose
like for me it seemed it's exciting to
listen to you talking about the duality
of content creation that is something
that's fulfilling and exciting but I
suppose because of my hate to
acknowledge this because it involves me
ever meeting that kind of age difference
that you're so articulate about emotion
and so willing to talk about it and look
this is sort of the conversation include
the conversation about having success
and creativity or sort of what seems to
automatically include discussing anxiety
mental health attachment and like
particular talking like that for
reaching a point of crisis even with you
know even within the strain of that
medium and so I'm very excited to see
how that work I've been doing we can
come support and a line coalesce even
with the stuff that you're talking about
because my since my strong sense is that
it will from
and I've got a nice little feeling that
you all could be kind of like a Justice
League Avengers if you need to in
costume already you will be getting over
that habit what do we do now Lou what
should we specifically talk about do do
some not everyone knows like I've been
clued up to like the course you're
releasing the the recovery story it
might be nice just to update people in a
brief your story a little bit and what's
boy to this point I'm sure you get it
talking about yourself yes I am actually
two or three decades you start to really
develop a taste for it and an ability so
firstly it's nice to see how you're
maturing last time I met you I feel that
we was that it was a YouTube related
event and I think Jamie Oliver was there
and it was very very much colored by the
things I remember mostly is veganism and
parkour but he seems really big that
people wanted to never eat any animal
products and they wanted to clamber over
every possible obstacles and that was in
the height of my daily vlogging as well
I remember thinking grab the camera
Russell say yeah it's been a bit of a
journey for me you've become much more
like Daniel day-lewis like a sort of
dreadlocks Daniel day-lewis so what
happened to me so comparable to some of
the things that I've heard already
around this table the initial excitement
and an attraction in my case with
traditional media or even live work you
know this of these adrenalized portals
to approval that like I've lived in for
a lot of my life in fact when I first
discovered that performing and showing
off was something that I could feel
validated from I felt like I've been
given a key but the my weirdness and
strangeness that up to that point had
been like I've sort of a painful and
disruptive thing was now a kind of
utility now I feel like what I'm Fame
notoriety other people's attention
doesn't I recognise that you guys are
living in a sort of a new
paradigm should we say or at least an
evolution of Fame as I understand it's
you creating your own content you're
fully autonomous much like a drone
brilliantly given to it two and a half
year old nice you're free to fly in
whatever direction this is a literal
reference to something that's happened
I've not gone mad you know you're free
to create your own content and stuff now
me of like necessarily been marshaled by
the institutions that I've worked with
in firstly TV in the UK then like films
and stuff in this country or in Los
Angeles and and curiously enough I
suppose I've had experiences that chime
with a lot of what you're saying that
you live you live your external life in
conjunction with this more private
reality and if that private reality is
not being expressed you know not least
sometimes because we're not entirely
aware of if it's happening or we're
bludgeoning it with drugs or sex or porn
or sugar or relationships or you know
viewcount in or like gathering I believe
you gather the likes don't you like
squirrels gather into a bus look at all
those likes keep them they're all safe
and L the lid down and like us like um
you know for me what I like I've moved
for these series of various crises
obvious ones like a drug dependency but
then subtler and more socially approved
ones around silver lace sex and behavior
and then more laterally even than that
this is like a wild go more loudly than
that recognizing that wow if you live
entirely for external approval for other
people's validation it's gonna be you're
going to live a very disruptive and
difficult life and it's because I'd live
so long schooled in the the previous
modality it's very difficult to
transition I'd say more than difficult
impossible a lot unless unless the the
the two following things happen once
some kind of spiritual awakening often
induced by pain despair and to support
of a community with the same objectives
and vision and of course it's a
well-worn trope that in this age of
social media and constant connection
people feel more alienated and I
Lathem you know any other time how would
we compare it but there is a sort of
sense of isolation and alienation it's
speaking to your point in their branding
and like the system that we're
developing is us of a you know like a
century-old system for dealing with
addiction there a 12-step program a
means of travelling from dependency on
substances to a spiritual awakening the
12-step being about a spiritual
awakening and the journey between those
two points I think is universally
applicable there are some people to have
objections to like 12-step because
there's some pretty maybe there's some
old-fashioned language in there for
example say and some religious ideas in
there that may not chime with the way
people see spirituality in religion
today but I've found with my own
experience of being taught it and
learning it that there's something
that's remarkably inclusive and
universal about it and just to briefly
like chat through it so that like you
know just cause to hear myself talk why
you know God can't have enough but admit
there's a problem believe it's possible
for the problem to change be willing to
accept help from another from other from
a Power greater than yourself whether
that's a group of people that you trust
or more what do I want to say
metaphysical or right higher power okay
something outside yourself because
otherwise everything is sort of
undertaken with recourse only to the ego
that's at least what I found but I'm
like I'm just a [ __ ] up my life such a
mess it's all quite difficult to not be
your own mentor to be your own counsel
and because if you don't trust people
it's quite hard so like so I felt like
you know that after you've got yourself
in a position we are willing to accept
help there's an inventory in process you
know that's like pretty thorough as a
matter of fact and then a confession
process step four is you make an
inventory step 5 is you share that
inventory with someone you trust who
knows what they're talking about and as
a result a mature you now have a better
idea of what your problems were and you
are now confronted with them and you
have to ask yourself if you're willing
to change are you willing to live in my
case it's like are you willing to be
less prideful so
peon greedy self-centered selfish
lustful dishonest arrogant envious
jealous all these things all these
problems I took to be outside problems
when analyzed
I began to realize I'm participating in
this not to say bad things don't happen
you know abuse violence whatever things
that happened you think well I didn't
cause that you know that what this
12-step program gives us is a new way of
reframing and moving on so that we're no
longer defined by trauma you know
serious trauma or even just fake
perceptions the last steps are about
staying awake that step 10 Lucky's are
sort of like watching your emotions and
watching how you feel and try not to
turn into paranoid maniac well listening
for crack oh my god what was that
and then step 11 is pretty like about
prayer and meditation in evolving your
personal consciousness and the sort of
step 12 is about a spiritual awakening
which could more perhaps secularly be
described as a different perspective and
from that new perspective
recognizing that unless your being of
service to other people unless you are
helping other people you could never be
happy and it's not really a moral
conclusion even though it sounds super
moral it's like a just a bluntly
pragmatic as long as you're just
thinking about garnering more approval
you are not going to be fulfilled and
I've sort of that's been the experience
that I've lived in a variety of melea
like you know oh this is what it's like
to pursue drugs Fame sex and all of
these things lead to the same place of
despair despondency and this process of
like staying awake and trying to be of
service is working for me I still go in
and out of it like all of the time I
sort of go back to beings of selfish and
lost normally if I'm frightened or full
of desire and I think it's no
coincidence that we live in a culture
that continually stimulates fear and
desire whether it's the desire of the
advertising industry or the fear of the
media yeah so so I feel like it's a not
just something for addicts and not
something for addicts with substance
misuse the issues or even obvious
behavioral issues but for any person is
this because it really deals with that
thing of like we're all individuals now
like the genies out of pole no one's
gonna go back to thinking of themselves
as a member of a parish you know or like
we're on all the members of this town
and we see the world the same way you
know people are like no I'm me
you know there's no way back from that I
don't think you know and so that's where
I am with it and I feel like it could be
applicable in your world just from the
basis just on the basis of what we've
said in this short but enjoyable
conversation I'm glad you two are in
love that's nice you formed your own
corner
[Laughter]
do you have any specific I don't know
like questions that you could kick off
for people because I'm just thinking
like obviously you know I don't know
what stage in the 12 this is is this
like five or something when you when
you're admitting stuff to other people
you can this is five is confession yeah
yeah so there might be yeah there might
be people that you know all of us sort
of different journeys are different
struggles but I wonder if anyone feels
like they're happy to share anything
they're currently struggling with all
the things that they've overcome and
part part for me of having this group of
people and other influences that we can
get involved long-term in a bit of a
more of an intimate community where we
can really like have trust and find
belonging is like is realizing that as
an influencer like what are we
influencing what are we actually making
a difference and some of us have found
that like and it could be entertainment
it could be inspiring people push out
the comfort zones or to travel or
whatever but I like the idea that the
more that we share together and be
vulnerable together that we can that
will have a ripple effect to like this
brought broader you know audience we all
have but other night we would channel
it'll be on the car on the way over here
and I realized and for a long time I
didn't realize that my kind of addiction
to this especially this daily sharing my
life in every element my life daily
online and that my it became so blurred
with my identity that I actually thought
it was my identity
I remember having an argument with one
of my friends because he wanted to
invite me to something he's like but
we're not filming this like you can't
film and I'm like but that's me like fun
fellow he was my channel name and Louie
Cole it's the same person and I remember
thinking that's so cool
I was like I've melded this idea that my
purpose and being and who I was now had
a camera attached as another part of my
body that I was like sharing everything
and had to share everything and yeah a
big part of that was like the approval
and the likes and the views and all of
that stuff like which like at the time
is like no no no like that doesn't that
so much but there's always this
underlying thing of it all and I think
because of that like it damaged our
relationship like the moment we met is
on camera
and us yeah and that's being starting a
relationship it was all on camera and
it's like how do you and and I mean I'll
let you share your perspective but like
she felt like there's a third person in
our relationship from the very start and
it wasn't until I actually put the
camera down was like this is unhealthy
that we actually got much closer as a
couple and and then I realized a lot of
my other friendships have been damaged
from this behavior and like I didn't
even see it
and now I'm yeah now I'm actually in a
weird position where identified this was
a destructive thing although my my
relationship with it was destructive but
I still do want to create content and
make videos to share with people but I'm
trying to figure out how to reform that
with a healthy relationship and I've
stopped daily vlogging like a year ago
but I still have this weird feeling of
like I never want to film stuff anymore
because of what it it was for me before
like how do I reform that healthy
relationship yeah and honestly this last
year has been amazing and I've had like
stints of not filming for ages but I've
still tried to upload a couple of times
a month or once a week or something you
know I mean I haven't had like a year
off like even taking like a month off or
something yeah not to say that's not yet
the answer it's just like then reframing
like would but then it softer that month
is that how do you then because there's
some addictions which we on landing hard
drugs which you can just be like never
gonna touch him again but then there's
some it's more about our attitude
towards that thing or you know like an
addiction to your phone like you still
need to five oh yeah that's like how do
you feel because I mean we all struggle
with this
you post when do not post how often do I
allow people into my life or in my
sphere right because it's all like what
am i allowing myself to die do you read
the comments and do you actually care
about like what how people are like
literally deeds constructing everything
in your life like I mean that's my yeah
that's my mice I'll show that later
boundaries and [ __ ] like that but I
think some of it for me is like thinking
about how do I feel like what's the
layer behind why I want to do something
like am i doing it to numb out am i
doing it to disconnect am i doing to
connect and is that fulfilling to me
like what's the goal does that make
sense like because for me I feel
fulfilled when I think that I'm putting
out something that could potentially
help a person I thought the whole reason
my channel started was like if I help
one person I like it all be worth it so
if that's the goal then if I track back
from that and I'm like oh I think I want
to film this video then is that gonna
fulfill me is that the part of that
chain or is it that I feel like I need
to because I need to fulfill some
algorithm or some I need more likes I
need to gather more likes well something
interesting you said when we first
started kind of reflecting on your
journey with daily vlogging was that it
was like every single day if you
uploaded a video that was like check my
purpose and I fulfillment like it was
all held in that so
and you even shared like when you
stopped every day it was like what what
is it oh yeah I was getting like the
shape so yeah what ruffle with drones
seriously thrilled like I feel like
weird all day like I wasn't yeah reach
for my camera be like no I'm not doing
[ __ ] from what you were doing that you
wanted to do into an addiction it's just
so it was so overlapping because it
wasn't like it was a sinister like what
the actual reason I was loving doing it
was that it was like inspiring people
when people like I want to travel the
world I want to meet these people I want
to broaden my understanding it you know
and it was I don't think any of the
content was negative but it was like the
relationship that slowly crept in
between me meeting I remember like I
wouldn't take a day off from no matter
what it was like weird like I remember
we went to Cuba for a week and I
couldn't upload because there can get
internet and when I look back instead of
thinking I've got seven videos in the
back ready to like take the next week
off as I I can now blow twice a day now
so why isn't that next week filmed every
day next week and I was uploading a Cuba
vlog it was just a weird like the reason
I think this system is successful and
will be universally successful in
helping people to unravel their
attachment to the external material
world is there are certain Universal
codes that keep emerging every time I
hear people explain their relationship
with phenomena that troubles them when
you said that thing that I felt melded
into the identity that I had I was
indistinguishable they'd become
intrinsic he had become your higher
purpose you said that you know if Louie
weren't doing it further there weren't
no purpose or meaning you talked about
not being able to identify what was the
reason whether it was a positive
motivation to help of it or whether it
was like you know to satiate the
Almighty algorithm you know and how
neatly that aligns with the inner
algorithm of anxiety and constant want
in and that world is so perfectly Louis
with like the addiction paradigm that
you know that the the ultimate intention
of undertaking a program is to get rid
of the program you've already got we've
already been programmed by our class
race gender sex this is who you are this
is how you're going to make yourself
happy you're a consumer you're a worker
you're going to live this way and then
some of us finding it we would like the
various iterations of that how we're
going to make that system work for us
but sooner or later we're all confronted
with the truth that you can't have some
sort of constructed God that you're
trying to appease and I think we make a
choice whether or not to believe in God
I think we just decide what version of
God is it going to be is it going to be
the god of the ideological construct
America the God of the ideological
construct consumerism the idea that
these things are all fantasmic
constructions and like what I felt like
me listen to I thought I this will work
man because it's once you go this is a
problem you've acknowledged all right
I'm doing this too much I can't control
it or at once woman it's interesting
that you mentioned abstinence or
potentially a period of detoxing from it
you know because and like Yousaf made
that with behavioral addictions like
food or sex or whatever these are
natural as it were behaviors that you
know the people are going to engage in
so like what made me feel is that once
you've acknowledged
problem you have to believe it's
possible to change no this is this is
the Louie that I am I can't be another
Louie and then if you if you were like
once you'd like it once you if come to
believe that there's people that were
like you that have progressed them got
beyond that problem then is it are you
willing to accept new advice and some
people aren't you talk to about really
obvious problems like listen you all did
low you know you're being this abusive
relationship you need to do these things
I used to be in an abusive relationship
now I'm not this is what to do no I'm
doing my [ __ ] well then that's it you're
not in the game properly so once you've
like arrived at that sort of point of
there is a problem I believe it can
change tell me what to do once you're
there at that point then they can be
genuine change otherwise you're
operating still within the ecosystem
that created the problem in the first
place but the broader more profound
point I feel is that we're all striving
for meaning purpose a material activity
yeah and it's hard as well when I just
thought this like when the thing that
you realize you've got a negative
relationship with it's also
intrinsically tied to your income and
therefore like you know you're secure in
life and everything in life if you're
turning out videos every day on YouTube
and you've got a good following you're
making a lot of money and then it's like
I'm like I need to stop this and then
it's like ah can i you know I really
need to just accept that that means I'm
making less money and that whole journey
of like realizing okay that's you know
the the extra money I would be making
it's not worth it it's not worth that
it's staying in that place so I imagine
that you would discover even if you were
to do that that unless you address the
root cause that there'll be some other
permutation or manifestation you know
the apex of addiction is not over using
YouTube it just seems particularly
germane because that's something that
like or all of us here have experienced
of but my more obvious and rudimentary
experience with addiction is you take
away drugs then you start acting out
sexually you take away / sex then you
start outfit and until you go what is it
you want what do you want what are you
trying to get YouTube to do for you but
you're like it cannot do because if you
could if YouTube could was the answer
then you would have found it by now do
super successful on YouTube so alright
we can rule that off you know base you
know we're wedded to it by so many
tendrils economic financial personal
self-esteem etc but like that's why
I feel like that you know the way you
get to be something that sounds quite
transcendent and you have to be careful
communicating it because a lot of people
are spooked by the idea of transcendent
world spiritual beliefs because it
sounds concerned a bit wacky and woo but
I think the reason that those ideas are
condemned just to prevent people finding
those kind of answers so that you're
carrying like a beady little workers
serve into it and it's interesting
though like because I think the problem
I don't if you guys agree with this but
in YouTube it can feel like if this
isn't who you are anymore let's say
you're like I want a different imagine
okay I'm there what do I do to change I
don't like how this is this sucks our
audience can be like nitinol okay where
are you I like this I don't like this
okay I just like this you yeah and
that's the you there's every better life
we don't like that other you so it feels
very like been trapped yeah exactly yeah
because you mentioned that our other
dinner about like switching your content
and people aren't liking it and I didn't
follow you for this yeah yeah go to
another country why did you stop doing
it I think I had some deaths in the
family and it was emotionally taxing and
I was just burnt out like Louis said I I
was just always making videos and not
taking days off it'd be Christmas and
you know I was like I picked this video
you guys go to dinner and I'll be
editing and and it felt like so many
years of that I was just so perked out
and overworked and I had no more
creative ideas I had nothing new I was
like nothing excited me to share with
people anymore and it just felt like my
emotions were just kind of tapped out
and I was like I don't have anything to
give anybody here I don't have any ideas
so I just felt like extreme burnout
emotionally exhausted and then then like
you said like the algorithm every month
that I was not on YouTube it made me
more scared to uploading it and I'm like
I'm not gonna be in the algorithm
they're not gonna show my video I'm
gonna feel like
a failure and then the next month ago
around compounded not BL but now I
really don't want to do it and now I was
like a year later and I'm not cool to
people are gonna see it and it won't be
millions and people think I'm a loser
now and they're gonna surprise to me it
just like weird but you build we build
these stories that's something that I'm
trying to be more aware for myself is
like like it's the comparison right
she's marrying like out to what you used
to do or what you think is expected of
you yeah I can then you build a story
around it like oh I'm gonna we've
already told to me like I'll creates
video and put it out so you get two
views if people are gonna be able loser
like taking it from like so yeah of like
this shitty story yeah we all know it
like I'm not saying them better like I
do that all the time where I'm like I'll
look at other people's things cuz my
channel is not that it's a very niche
type of channel they're like how come
like I'm trying to put good out there
like I don't think YouTube serve you
know why wouldn't they serve I'm such a
loser nobody's paying attention this is
worthless why am i spending so much
energy yeah and then like I'm a crier
but but like noticing that story and
like checking your facts because like we
don't have any facts to support that yes
how much even is reality and how much is
a phantom that you've created in your
mind yeah and almost 99% of our problems
are phantoms that we've created
everybody yeah that's how we talk to
ourselves about it and we build up these
fake stories and then we live it out
exactly as we expect it to me because we
we've already created does that make
sense um yeah it's like crazy and our
what becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy
because you you stopped uploading
because you're afraid and so you're
afraid you're gonna get less views but
then you get less views because you're
uploading lessen it's like see I knew
that was gonna happen
yeah so yeah we create our own realities
in that way space to me to that it's
changed like when I started like Louie
said you could make money doing you
- everybody was just doing for a hobby
you you like do you want to share you
know kind of stuff in business so they
stopped nobody was doing any make money
for whether you make some bills really
you never make a video longer than 10
minutes and I know what and so when it
when it started that way when I was like
oh I have friends and I'm helping people
they're feeling good and it felt great
and then then it changed it has changed
the community that you helped create or
pave a way for my oh I don't even like
what they're doing it so it's all about
materialism and superficiality and and
so many things that don't matter to me
and I feel gross I don't want to be a
part of that I don't to perpetuate it I
don't want to encourage it but then
they're like that's what you started
that's what we know you for my no not
the other junk
I just teaching you like how to do this
and make it feel beautiful and maybe
like encourage you and stuff but I think
then that parts like these people that
are crazy more successful than me like
oh cool you're bazillionaire you're a
bazillionaire you have 10 match and you
have 12 mansions and I'm the reason you
started that's awesome you know like the
marker I'm like I go and do something
totally different but then there's the
people that are like oh I miss you there
come back you need to be a light in this
dark place and it just feels like a
weird thing I'm like they want to do
that I want help you I want to be there
but then the messages are feel like you
encouraged me and inspired me and I was
suicidal and you helped me keep living
bills or what I want to keep going for
the rest of it I'm I don't care
nobody's making like the YouTube golden
day money anymore so it's not like I'm
gonna jump back in and be like Bowser
I'm making our money so it just feels
like a weird a weird time or space yeah
and do I look phone addiction is crazier
tik-tok stuff is crazy well now I'm
gonna do
and it's like even being an influencer
now it's like do we want to encourage
like kids do this to be like on their
phones watching us all the time then I'm
just like put your phone down but I
don't like but that's kind of like it's
just not healthy yeah I miss when like
there weren't phones in high school
nobody had cell phones and I was like
what did I do that was like I guess I
drew and I read books and listen to
music and then stared out the window
what did I do you know connect with
people now every second I have down in
the airport I'm waiting in line my home
what's happening on Instagram
what's it worthy to I know it's like a
weird I don't even like it I'm like a
big dumber
it doesn't make me feel good after I
actually feel like you never feel
fulfilled
no because it's just like I don't know
and I for a while so this is what I'm
working on in therapy is for a while I'd
feel I worry that if I didn't like
somebody's thing they'd be like oh she's
like such an [ __ ] yeah they should
know better
she's so rude like I think if I wasn't
paying attention yeah yeah and I mean
that's my own constructs yeah I've made
this own false story I go people to see
my stories like yeah of course I don't
know you're on vacation of like keeping
up with it and then I was just like so
unhappy because I was just like doing
things just because I didn't want people
to not think I cared yeah what I didn't
yeah it's exhausting yeah we we all came
from a time when YouTube was for most of
us at least you kind of came in into a
time when and I came in around 2010 when
you know the OGIS had sort of proven
that you can have an audience and start
to make money and so I went in with that
expectation I actually went in wanting
the fame in the money and I don't know
if that rings a bell with you or not but
what's interesting and I know your
journey as well it's actually similar to
mine I actually got it and then you
actually got it this didn't make me
happy the thing that I've been wanting
this whole time wasn't the
thing that fulfilled me and in fact it
exacerbated the problem it I became ego
identified with I'm this famous guy on
YouTube and I'll never forget I remember
looking my bank account making six
figures a month at my prime and I was so
incredibly depressed and stressed out I
had all the stuff that I once wanted
that you also once wanted and and I was
miserable and it wasn't until a friend
introduced me to meditation that that
opened the door to me reading dozens of
books and in you know especially
especially your videos no really just a
lot of insight there but you know it's
it's once you go down that road you sort
of you discover what the ego is and I
think that that is the biggest thing
that people need to understand is that
you are not your thoughts you are not
the identity that you've attached to and
programming programming of I am this
thing I am at st. Matt Santoro from
Canada and that is who I am and I'm a
youtuber and I have to maintain a
certain amount of videos just like you
had to travel and shoot every single
place you went and there's a time where
like you said Russell when you know I
had a spiritual awakening through a
tremendous amount of pain in isolation
in once you start to learn to observe
the thoughts you start to be able to
unravel all of the programming and it's
nice to see young people are meditating
now it's so exciting to me because
they've got such my nephew has such a
leg up on our generation because I'm
super grateful that I was able to
discover it because some people never
will and depending on if you believe in
karma and all that you might be able to
be recreated enough to come back and do
it all over again as you know but in any
event I'm just it's cool to see people
meditating and having even discussions
like this and how we can talk about you
know what we've learned and and share
with wonderful programs like this it
interesting you're talking about like
you were making like the best money like
your prime and you were so unhappy Riya
and Kenya never just talking before we
came here about like we set these goals
like these crazy goals and then you get
there you're like walk like you know
because the real is not a long-term
fulfilling you're like well I did it ya
know I'm gonna do something even more it
doesn't then that goal happens like in
one day you're like the finishing of a
project or something goes up for you you
hit a certain amount of user subscribers
or whatever your goals are but it's
really that journey that we have to like
appreciate because then you know then it
starts to go away yeah that's the scary
thing is like you you achieve what you
wanted and so for example the peak of my
YouTube channel was 2015-2016 and then
as everything does my career started to
cool off and because I was so identified
with being yeah it was a part of me and
then once I stopped hitting the metrics
of views in all all of that I was like
oh my god I'm not I'm losing it I'm
losing that thing like I had it I had it
and now it's like it escaping from
understanding is a cycle like there's so
much language in our in the space of
like oh you're irrelevant all this kind
of stuff and it's just like rather than
realizing there's a natural kind of like
there's always people like have a peak
maybe I don't know like I it's something
I've had to come cells well it was there
a point or like when you were at that
peak that you were like this is gonna
last forever
Oh 100 percent hundred you never when
you have it you've used like none of
them we're hitting a million views
anymore yeah and none of them ever did
anymore gentleman then you'd be like we
need to get a million and then you start
working harder and harder and it's and
it all comes down to attachment and
desire right that's what the Buddha
taught is selfish desire and attachment
is the source of all suffering so when
you're attached to the views and they
start going away you feel like you're
losing literally yourself Matt what you
just said there about attachment and non
attachment is significant part of the
solution and we spent a lot of time now
discussing the nuances and nature of the
problem with particular regard to
YouTube content creation but of course
you
surely recognize that this is one my new
expression of a much much broader
phenomenon so if I could turn the
attention a little to the solution what
I feel is interesting about the process
that we've been doing for the course
Louie is that it's once you've
acknowledged that there is a problem you
know like we're now willing to change
direction we're willing to change
direction and that all of us except for
you because you're at this Ferris
Bueller point of one explosive and
creative wonder once it acknowledge that
there's a problem and not just to
reiterate that I'm not like you know it
has been said already I'm in the
crucible myself I don't consider myself
to be beyond it I just the fact loads of
different experiences of dealing with an
interesting variety of problems because
I am so bloody stupid and clear
recidivist keep going back to the
material solutions continually to solve
this spiritual problem because like
you're right I mean like the old mo
thing that we want and we're all trying
to get to is this Siddharth Jesus
Mohammed all the material world is an
illusion none of this stuff is real
commune with God commune with the
limitless oneness is accessible to all
of us the seat of all consciousness is
the same the thing that's looking from
behind my eyes at you our eyes
it's the same thing there is limitless
oneness right we're so it should take
that long to solve the world's problems
oh no it's prioritized in the material
world and we were going to bomb Iran
we needed to make more profits no no no
it's an illusion so we that informations
out there and yeah it's not working now
the reason I think that is is because
many of these ideas are by the
definition archaic they're pre in some
cases pre civilized ideas or you know
dead desert ideas ideas that were for
civilizations that have evolved and now
like in a highly technological we've got
where consumerism is that sort of peak
point where there's ecological crises on
the card and what I think is
particularly unique about this but this
program the program of recovery recovery
meaning recover the person you were
intended to be is this car being given a
journey that's robust enough to
withstand the individuality of all of us
around this table and potentially
everyone that gets access to it so that
we can I mean like so that we can what I
want to say guide people to a point
where that where there is an acceptance
of oh they aren't just going to be
prayer and meditation communion with
this higher self but to get people there
I think we need a language a discourse
and a system I don't think that we can
get there just by I think communication
and community in groups like this are
really really powerful but what is I
have found more powerful in my
experience it's being given a clear
system of you have to do this go away do
it and when you have done it you will be
different you know that this is becomes
particularly relevant when you get to
the inventory process when you look at
what happened to you in your childhood
that made you need attention and
approval in this way what patterns do
you see that emanated from your early
life continuing to be expressed in the
arena's of your work in your romantic
life your sexual life how are you seeing
these things realized and realized and
the thing that is beautiful about this
system is there's a clear like anyone
can do it it's like right you're right
in this column of the thing you resent
you right the reason you resent them
here here's the seven areas of instinct
that have been affected and the fourth
column is what part of you was
participating in this problem what
belief do you need to change by the end
of that that's not the problem resolved
but at least you've got a kind of
diagnosis whether it's something as
serious as child abuse or as frivolous
as some Riccar in traffic you can sort
of say oh wow I was participating in it
it also very deliberately very
definitely is inviting you to embrace
this
mysticism that you're describing the
idea we didn't need to be mysticism as
they say magic is just power that we
don't understand yet techniques and
technologies they're difficult for us to
countenance and rationalize because they
go beyond the limits of the rational
mind you know now we can see that
mindfulness is useful that meditation
helps that these breathing techniques
work because there's brain scans and
neuro scans and MRIs to demonstrate it
and yet somehow thousands of years ago
people knew that anyway without access
to those machines so what I think this
can be is a sort of a practical secular
way of getting people to look at their
life differently undergoing these
different journeys that we're all
describing our own permutations of life
or this was gonna make me happy and then
when I got it it didn't make me happy so
I tried to do it again and it made me
have an inner flow God get back to the
million views I mean a lot I'm
continually in and out of that dilemma
continually in and out of that dynamic
that's why I need firstly a system that
guides me to enlightenment and that's
what we're talking about really
transcendence of material goals
recognition that no version of material
goals is ever going to make me happy and
then a community that is awakened to
those principles so they can remind us
because all of us are in my experience
all of us around this table I'm guessing
are fuck-ups but not at the same time so
hopefully you've got a self-obsessed no
rattle that's mental you know we can
help one another if there is an
agreed-upon system so that's the idea
behind profit in these I this system is
getting enough people familiar with it
so people are working it in conjunction
in harmony wherever they find it really
relevant their working life because from
listening to you I think this would work
you could do that you could do the
twelve steps around pick up around you
know like content providing or creative
it because it's just work addiction
well-conditioned bloody common whoever
it's you know whether you're whether
there's a you know uploading and editing
is part out or not it's the same basic
thing this thing's gonna make me happy
this is gonna make me complete I've
underwritten it economically now people
love me because of it I get approval I
get recognizing a famous celebrity no
different from what you're describing
but this so the solution is what's
important Amin I'd really like to know I
suppose and from you individually and
collectively if you happen to have one
hive mind what what in the what sort of
problems you're interested in chain
so I can see if there are ways that it's
applicable so we let Rio and L
contribute because I feel like anyone
with a loud voice the loudest voice has
always had more thing well yeah so
before we listen to the course I I
hurted the title and I was like I don't
drink I don't do drugs because I don't
see how this is applicable to me and
then we started listening to it in a few
minutes and I was like whoa that's very
that's the hope I love that you say that
very early on that this everyone has
something that they are addicted to it
they're struggling with and this is
applicable to kind of anything that
you're struggling with and so and we
actually policy we were listening to
this together and we started thinking
okay what is it for us if it's not these
like obvious things that we might be
addicted to and thinking back I think a
few years ago for me it was definitely
insecurities about my body I realized I
had a day where I realized that I
thought about my body easily over a
hundred times a day if not more and when
you said where you were like it's
something that you know you need to stop
doing but you can't stop doing it and I
was like it was so that for me and I've
worked a lot through that and realized
that what was the under like what was I
really trying to get from that and it
was I didn't at the time I didn't think
that I was worthy of love unless my body
looked a friend and then in this last
year it shifted into working and feeling
like I realized the core I was asking
myself this question of but what do I
need to do to make people proud of me
and therefore for them to love me so I
thought if I achieved these things that
I was successful to the point where like
my dad would message me and I would see
it and I was like I can't message him
back until I've done something to tell
him that I've done something and and
again it was the same thing just
thinking that I had to do something to
be worthy of love and it was literally
like three weeks ago that I was
confronted with that question
been asking myself and and then I was
like asked it kind of changed the
wording of it and I changed it to like
what if I just appreciated how much
people loved me already without having
to do anything and immediately the first
thing I thought was well like that can't
be true because then how would I do
anything like if I just assumed that I
was like [ __ ] without doing anything
then why would I like what would drive
me which then I stopped and I was like
what the [ __ ] have you been considered
that I might be worthy of love just for
being Who I am and so and that was like
literally a couple weeks ago so I feel
like my whole life is like like shaken
and now it's like trying to settle it
and even like in this new year it's
January and normally this time of year
I'm like I have my goals I know exactly
what they are they're written out on a
poster on my wall I'm like ready to
achieve and I don't want that anymore
and I'm trying to figure out like what
what this light what life could look
like if I didn't have to prove anything
yeah I think that is a common fear it's
like if you lose the motivation of
wanting to be enough and wanting to be
loved then what's gonna motivate you you
know and if you are motivated and you
lose everything and then what you know
that's more terrifying so we just latch
on to that need to be loved but I guess
the question is is it possible to
already feel so loved and then also have
the driving to be successful like Steve
Jobs is the perfect example like family
I mean he was adopted so there must have
been this like desperate need to feel
loved and to feel noticed and usually I
mean if you look at all the greatest
empires all the and I'm not saying
empires are great but all the biggest
empires biggest companies it usually
comes from pretty egotistical people so
the question is there a way to actually
be quite successful without like having
that need to you know the drive to fill
up I think I I mean I definitely think
there is and even when I first like
shifted my question
and I realized maybe then I wouldn't be
afraid of failing if it didn't matter
whether I failed or not if I was loved
because right before them it was like if
I fail then my the people I love
wouldn't love me so that's like all the
highest possible sakes but if it's like
oh but what if I fail and everyone still
loves me and then and then I realize coz
yeah first I was like I can't believe
this because then I won't do anything
with my life and then I was like
actually maybe I'll just go for way
bigger dreams because it's the stakes
are so high whether like facing off
exactly yeah I like the that there what
you identified about the techniques that
you were using what kind of doomed to be
unsuccessful like continually inventory
flaws with one's body is going to create
a continual state of anxiety and that I
identified a lot with the finger said
about needing to have something to tell
people when they're going to be on the
phone and what I think again this system
is good at identifying is what does this
one thing one you've tried all these
things you keep giving it stuff what is
it one where is it trying to get because
you know I was thinking you obviously
really really loved each other but that
wasn't enough that demon oh cool
Louie really loves me so now finally
epilim so it's not a rational logical
thing that can be resolved by rational
logical memes which means we need access
to something that is beyond rationalism
this is the problem in a materialistic
rationalistic scientific Asian it didn't
begin with technology some argue it
begins with the Enlightenment or perhaps
the human condition itself thinking
every can be reserved everything can be
resolved out here we just manage
bureaucratically the problems of our
life then we're going to alkalize the
perfect in a state but it seems that
what you were talking about is love and
love is a kind of in a one way I have
started to understand it is an absence
of self a kind of say oh if you love a
football team or if you love an
individual or if you love a child or if
you love a pair of shoes it's a kind of
a I am at one with this thing I am at
one with myself I'm at one with this
other person free from the constant
narrative rising damning mind telling me
that if I had like nicer thighs or this
bit of fat that could go
oh there that guy I was in a lymph
draining thing earlier today trying to
drain it out took ages it's still there
well though and I think I just recently
like to stop drinking and smoking and I
also when I'd stopped your need smoking
I intend to then go for like fast food
and like over indulge in that and but I
feel like all my addiction it's kind of
stem from this bigger thing of me Chuck
those are my coping mechanisms and it's
because I I think it's like I'm addicted
to like self-hatred like I mean I'm like
I'm super hard with myself and I and I
think I'd well I might I've had friends
say they say that I think you like being
depressed I think you enjoy like sick
like being hard on yourself
because you don't feel like you deserve
to be loved and so I think when I think
about my depression anxiety and all that
it's all stems from like like oh I I
thought my self-worth and everything
else and like the things I do because I
feel like if I look successful then you
know I am successful and like I am worse
I'm worthy and so yeah so I've been
taking like little steps so I've been on
that path have been recognizing that
I've been using like other addictions to
like you know coke and stuff so I've
been stopping that and just like fully
because I've tried to do the balancing
but I'm a very All or Nothing person and
so I I just gonna have to go clear
headed like I feel like I don't know
like the honesty like when you get
Toronto super drunk or super Highlands
that this like you're super happy but
then the next day like the comedown is
super super hard and that's it was just
ongoing cycle and I just kind of
realized like a few weeks ago I was like
it's disciple is gonna end up killing me
like I mean it's becoming a lot and so
that's really what I like to change is
on
so part of myself I'm proud of you for
being so young and being so smart and
being able to recognize this still early
on like you're not doing this when
you're 35 and you really screwed up your
life for years like I'm really amazing
proud of you thank you and I think I do
I do think it's because I've had
misfortunes II grew up really fast with
one YouTube kind of gloves I do look
they blew up my channel like 18 19 and
so and I never like kind of traveled
without my mom and then I was you know
going 3d for three months without my
parents and being alone hotel room doing
to where like meet and greets like and
it was just like I think within six
months it's like I had my first panic
attack alone so I think it was just like
I've been through it and now I'm like I
can't it's gonna end oh God so yeah but
that's really good that you foresee that
you recognize it and you and you have
the wherewithal to even change that some
people I don't care that's not just
common things if I'm gonna keep coping
person and I think I would think about
the 12 step process like I think I
contribute a lot of that to like people
like Katie like people all you guys like
I had so many people who went do what I
was going through and that helps me
through that and like we're kind of my
mentors I had so many mentors and I
think that's what kind of made me want
more wiser and now I feel like I'm able
to kind of help out people cuz there's a
lot of really helping out and also
Elle's just moved to LA like literally
if you like a month ago right yeah and I
just want to say like I can't speak for
everyone but I am I'm gonna kind of like
I want to be there for you and like be I
dunno do you feel this but like having a
community where they get bit on this
depth rather than just this shallow I
think where we can all be shallows or
but like I feel like there's certain
communities and friendship groups I've
connected in with them like are like
there's not the depth here that people
need truly as it like to be part of
something that supports you you know so
I just want to say I want to be a
support to you it's sort of group chat
yeah well let's just not meeting every
week you know every other week or
something like that's kind of a plan but
that's thanks for being safe under bonus
L you said something that I thought was
really interesting two things actually
the first thing was you
hard on yourself and you're almost
addicted to self hate and I think that's
actually the reason that you're
successful and the reason we're all
successful because we are hard we are
hard on ourselves and we do have an
unusual Drive and desire for something
greater the other thing that you said
was the almost you almost your friend
said that you almost liked being
depressed and to a degree that's
actually true because what happens is
after you get depressed for long enough
the depression becomes your comfort zone
it's what you know and oftentimes people
prefer known hell's over unknown heavens
and so they wouldn't you many people
would rather stay in that zone because
you're too afraid of what it might take
to get out of this or what do you even
forget what it's like to be happy on a
regular basis and that's what they mean
by your comfort zone can literally kill
you and that's why it's important to
step out of your comfort zone thank you
that was a very good link and wrap up I
also think there was a beautiful moment
there where you could have done some
crying because there was some lovely
bonding well thank you so much all of
you for letting me participate and like
a sit in this community because I think
it was really brilliant what you said
towards it in there Louie like that what
we're it was seems like what you're
heading to is like creating communities
bill on commune lee speaking vulnerably
and supporting one another because
that's a vital component of what we're
trying to set up the first one you know
being there is a system that you can
follow and if you follow that system it
will help you to change anybody of you
you want to change and the second one is
you don't have to do it alone in fact
you probably can't do it alone and it's
and it feels to me like a very organic
expression of something that people are
continually looking for I was thinking
as I was doing this I became so it
became clear to me oh wow you're not
really actually necessary in this
situation you should just hand over the
pamphlets and like let people get on
with it but that is actually my ego
aside the sort of point of it that there
isn't like that there is a system that
will work for anybody and will work for
everyone
if it's if it's undertaken collect
even though a would prefer system that
required me to be sat in a prominent
position present pressure in a robe
would that kill like crown may be
correctly recognized
so I'm here thank you very much thank
you for facilitating and it's so lovely
and I hope I get to remain a part of
your squad of beautiful open clear
switched-on awakened people thank you
