[Music]
good morning guys I am in Marfa in Texas
I was flown out here for the weekend by
Sonia for this amazing event where a
bunch of photographers and creatives
meet up and yeah to share and
collaborate is called the year field
trip and I've actually been asked to
come and speak which I haven't done a
lot of but I'm excited to do more
speaking gigs and I'm speaking on
creating for social good and I've also
titled retitled it visual storytelling
to change the world so I've got that
talk in a little bit and so I'm just
prepping and getting stuff already and
then I'm hanging out for the weekend but
just enjoying it this incredible place
these crazy
and I just had this idea that I want to
do it my parents luckily a very relaxed
and devious I think this kind of led
over a lot of things in my life of the
years of dreaming about buying a
double-decker bus I finally drink after
II now they're someone the opportunity
to make some money to help me get it and
I spend a lot of time there are
different things like work with young
people trying to inspire them to believe
that there's more that they can do in
life than the bubble that they grew up
in state I had a music CD on there it
was spacious to spend time and have a
conversation throughout their lives of
what they're doing this young guy on the
bright shade I ended up using some of my
3d animation and kind of graphics
training to make the music video than
him it just looked at love to make so he
wasn't the best use of my time but at
that time is really focused on young
people and being amenable to they need
support of his desktop kids but there
was a limitation to there was this
limitation of I give an investor
sentiment of a long time and effort and
help a limited amount of people on that
scale is kind of a micro perspective of
how difference another trip I went on in
2016 was being friends my friend came up
with this plan to fly around the world
and commercial flights to the nine
different countries and its whole
discussion groups around solving global
problems this is not a stuff primitivity
overview daily and I've invited my
Williams to come and eat with us we are
three questions we said what problems do
you see happening in India maybe your
side
what solutions do you currently see
happening that solve those problems and
oddly you creative solutions you guys
have particularly kind of a
compassionate problem-solving that you
think can make a difference and I've got
to get out of Somalia to go back to the
project that's trying to our story with
another baby and the meanness is really
exciting because where his initial anger
was around the family of media were
reporting on mr. Sammon so he tweeted
out for each news outlet ignoring the
family one youtuber would like to
Somalia and I got to go out there and
report with this emergency aid that was
going on but also got to meet some
amazing people on the ground and some of
the initiatives that they were running
not just short term emergency aid but
also implementing amazing loan loan
programs where they were doing micro
financing women in the tiny plane or
something what you wouldn't do it so
maybe you
you know you make sculptures or whatever
it is music musician whatever and then
the other feels that makes you excited
so I really love this concept that we
just pointed out don't ask what the
world needs ask what makes you come
alive and going to it because what the
world needs is people who the comment
like and then finally I will share with
my comics my next passion is I've slowed
down about making videos I really want
to simple other video makers other
youtubers other influences got these
huge platforms and a lot of them don't
really know what they want to do with
those platforms so I feel like I'm in a
position potentially as a bit of an
older brother will then school to
support creators in the industry I
feeling a bit lost
[Music]
as well as doing influence of tricks
that I'm going to start running over the
next few years taking people away doing
some of these projects and it's starting
to think I might stay content
I also really love events like this
where you could be with other Creators
different and I like one or two super
events a little bit smaller one of the
UK it was a live event of a trauma
center and what as well
that was a lot of fun I enjoyed getting
up on stage doing a talk I think I need
to polish it a little bit but if you
want to watch the entire tour guide is
it's like 45 minutes I'm gonna upload an
unlisted video on the channel for you to
check it out and yeah I feel good I can
relax a little bit
the rest of the weekend
now Bella talk something something I
need to talk to you guys about is I have
got something weird going on I need your
advice anyone with medical experience
basically I've done something I've done
something really weird to my elbow -
check this out can you see that
like what what is going on there I think
I must have bashed it on something but
it's this was like weeks ago like three
weeks ago and that bump is not going
down it's just full of fluid right let
me let me poke it show you what I'm
talking about yeah check this out
what is going on I guess it's like my
body trying to protect my elbow but it's
weird guys it's really weird and I
haven't had it checked out by the doctor
in depierre so if anyone's a doctor or
knows what this is please give me some
advice do I need to get this like scene
it doesn't hurt at all
I'm hoping it will just reabsorbed back
into my body but most people I show a
completely freeze-out
[Music]
this campsite is so cool
they've got loads of huge teepees and
they've got these I think these are yes
over here and then there's some pretty
cool retro trailers and then over there
there's loads of Bell tents this is like
an ideal location for an event
I think it'd be pretty amazing to have a
campsite like this a property where you
could put all of these cool trailers
airstreams teepees like all of these
different types of accommodation and and
run events like this this would be the
dream really finds some kind of remote
cool adventure location and then kind of
run run big events invite you guys it's
it's getting me thinking it might be
time for another live the adventure
summit look at the bunny rabbit
thank you guys I've made a few new
friends at this event I came really not
knowing anybody and yeah I've made some
friends one of my friends I've made is
Megan and I just wanted to come and show
you her really cool van gonna show us
around have you got a name yeah yeah
have you got a name for your van okay
let's suggest some names of this van
after you've had a look around
it's a Sprinter van it's pretty awesome
while limiting my shoes off because I'm
done make it very dusty here that's
Sequoia this is this is the puppy this
is beer this is hey he's just calming
down because he was very hyper earlier
this bed is kind of small but then it
works also I can almost say oh wait I
can stand up here in this area oh this
is good we were just chatting about like
cuz obviously you know I've got the fast
and we were talking about like solar
panels and and living in the van I'm
kind of missing living in the van a
little bit but hopefully we'll get the
Wonder bug back on the road later in the
year and do some road trips and stuff
maybe some road trips together yeah
yeah what some of your favorite features
did you do these tires where did you get
those this so nice Hey
yeah they're just from Amazon but that's
one of my favorites just because I
really wanted it to have like touches
that felt like home yeah I love it and I
like this as well these like little
touches and the dream catcher
I need to get a banana hanger for my
room we got lots of storage the fridge
is under there oh yeah in hid oh okay
it's a little ice box thing okay okay
and how long have you lived in here yeah
that's cool and Megan's from Detroit
says he drove all day down she's about
to drive all the way back to Detroit now
which I find mine blow how many miles is
that 1,400 miles okay I think I struggle
I've lost my I've lost my endurance for
driving but Sequoia is teasing right now
little puppy
so bite you no no but nobody
[Music]
yeah guys if you want any advice about
doing the van life's go and check out
Megan's
Instagram I'm sure she can give you some
advice on how to do it and yeah I think
it's pretty inspirational that she just
decided to leave her job in the road and
follow her dreams say yeah go check her
out
these are outdoor wood stove hot tubs
and basically what you do is you put the
logs in this coil the water pumps
through here to heat it and then back in
again
isn't that amazing she's absolutely
amazing check that out well it's been a
great day but it's now time to party
[Music]
[Music]
Soylent asylum
[Music]
this is crazy I take the headphones off
no conversation
now it just feels
[Applause]
it's been an amazing weekend and yeah I
have enjoyed making lots of new friends
and yeah I'll catch you guys soon
oh just let you know I'm gonna be doing
some traveling if everything goes to
plan and I get my visa sorted I'm
actually heading to India in a couple of
weeks and it's gonna be an amazing
adventure so I'm sure I'll do some vlogs
in LA before then but for those of you
that are desperate for more travel
content it's on its way and yeah can't
you sing peace out enjoy life
the adventure
