ah what is your deepest fear do you have
something you avoid at all costs
something you wish you could get over
but you just can't I've traveled all
over the world checked a lot of my
bucket list and done things that some
others would say are both insane and
terrifying but the one fear I've never
been able to get over is my fear of the
cold when I was about 5 years old I was
on a school trip and was left shivering
in the cold for hours whilst trying to
do an outdoor scavenger hunt and in my
late teens I almost drowned in cold
water and was pulled ashore with
symptoms of hypothermia and these two
stories have definitely given me a level
of trauma in my relationship with the
cold I then learned about a man called
wim HOF also known as the Iceman I was
in awe of his mastery over the cold and
his own mind and body his techniques
have been studied and evidence has been
found to show cold exposure can have
endless health benefits including
strengthening the immune system burning
fat improving circulation and reducing
inflammation I had also heard it can
unlock the incredible power of your mind
then last year I was at an event where
wim HOF was running a workshop in Los
Angeles he kept asking for volunteers to
get in an ice bath and I felt maybe I
should but I just kept chickening out I
told myself next time he asked for
volunteers
I was step forward but I didn't and then
he asked for another set of volunteers
and I was still hesitating until finally
I stepped forward and this just reminded
me of how deep my fear of the cold still
was then a year ago the yes theory boys
heard about my fear and challenged me to
face an ice plunge in Alaska with them
nothing I can turn them down I had a
deep sinking feeling in my stomach from
the moment they challenged me until we
did it and even then I didn't embrace
the experience I just wanted it to be
over as soon as possible
so nervous right now I'm feeling
terrified everything in my sisters like
yeah run scared
utter terror like terror like the
deepest fears this is my greatest fear
definitely I'm like deeply terrified
right now like just this is horrific for
me so a few months ago my roommate
bought an ice bath and I was reminded
daily of my fear and I just knew I had
to face it finally this was the
opportunity to overcome my lifelong fear
I decided to set myself the seemingly
impossible goal to stay a full 10
minutes in the ice bath by the end of 30
days so we have recently got a trunk a
chest freezer in the house for doing
cold plunges it's currently at 1 degrees
Celsius
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
focus on your breathing and don't that
your monkey minds get in the way see
monkey mind's gonna freak out and say
get out walk that off and just really
deep
Oh breathe
no it's nowhere near as bad as that
Blaine wants you to believe really great
big deep breath calm you already good an
exit Hank yeah just keep them still but
that's fine
it'll get better at the minute minute
knock knock let's keep breathing really
deep minutes nothing
breathe deeply breathe don't forget
breathing community breaths that's it
focus on your breathing else just like
meditation just focus on the breath I
need to get out oh yeah six seconds
[Music]
now what a difference
oh yeah what a difference this is legs
yeah mental I was really trying to like
really trying to focus on calm calming
myself down and I could tell the first
time muscles or went tense and this time
I was like really focusing this is the
thing right
the main thing people were complaining
about and the thing I remember from
doing the yes Theory Alaska cold plunge
is that my feet will literally kind of
like saunas thousands knives of stabbing
into my feet but it sounds a problem
where you show the people some of these
I strum how scary it looks today there
are my hands already done pretty good
remember your breathing as soon as you
get in really deep breaths
[Applause]
that's it how do you feel I think it's a
mental thing but it feels colder
[Music]
what are you feeling
mr. I'm starting to talk I just need to
focus
[Music]
I want to go to three yeah yes Louie do
you know I'd realize it boy I was like
holding myself up but I've like load
myself so I'm sitting now and I'm like
relax my muscles are relaxed yeah
changes everything changes the game like
looking at looking over that side now
you're over to me that's down you like
my body like with my muscles relaxed it
shape it changes everything come on
you're tensing because tensing makes you
wanna shiver I'm like sitting on the
bottom lean back it's like no tension
alarms you know normally you like
holding yeah this changes the game
this is check it changes the game
completely for I like performing I'm in
Colorado you know someone call you like
this and you're like you're like
shriveled up and it makes it worse and
then your sink relax and yeah same thing
that's amazing did you have a block of
ice around I can talk to you now the
first guy so now how are you feeling so
what's the longest you gone before to
overtime maybe already right now so I -
two minutes is my record so it's not
three it's painful but it's gone a bit
numb now so it's like not as painful
what's most painful my ribs my skin my
legs my legs Arkansas way I'm tensing up
again Democrats
up until now like every time it's been
this mental complete like challenge of
just focus but now I'm feeling relaxed
this stinging is stinging alone no way
wow I'm really seven six five four three
two one five minutes look at that color
I've had a breakthrough and hit the five
minute mark but with two weeks to go the
goal of ten minutes still seemed so far
away I had no idea if I was going to be
able to do it
[Music]
in point six degrees Celsius this is the
first time attempting this without moral
support around me be seized in there you
might come give me something but I'm
gonna try my eye this is the deepest is
being yeah
[Music]
it is intense yeah having it like up
over my heart
Wow HUP three and a half party good
I might aim for six today
[Music]
[Music]
I feel completely relaxed no like Zen
boy do the breathing probably helped so
much before I needed some deep breathing
to like one minute holy crap what's your
record in it I think 10 what am I trying
dude if you're in the Zen
I'm innocent now Sawa yeah it's weird is
always gonna like slowly build up to 10
that was gonna be like my end goal I
feel like if you do it today yeah Timmy
take a video your phone you know sure
what we are 7:40
starting to shiver a bit
[Music]
yeah I think that PO is penetrating my
cool Bourdain I'm starting to settle in
what exactly nine minutes I'm sick 10
seconds
[Music]
mm-hmm
oh my gosh and this is deke I cannot
believe I managed to sit in literal
freezing water for ten minutes if you'd
asked me a year ago I would have just
said that that was impossible it was
almost a spiritual experience
yes you just take it yes yeah yeah for
the first minute my body was screaming
at me in pain telling me to jump out why
fought against all my natural instincts
and relaxed my mind and body I felt like
it was extreme meditation just focusing
on deep breathing and consciously
relaxing every muscle I went into like a
zen-like state and fully embraced the
cold it was a complete breakthrough for
me I don't think I'm fully cured of my
fear but I believe I can face the cold
now and it's empowered me to believe I
can do anything I set my mind to if you
have a fear or limiting belief about
yourself I would encourage you to face
that fear and it will unlock limitless
potential for you
