hey I am here with a tree and B come on
and um I'm Jimmy aka mr. beast and we
are planning 20 million trees yep then
we just wanted to tell you about it I
wanna know Jimmy
why are you planting twenty million
trees I'm Louis Cole and I've teamed up
with Jimmy aka mr. beast who's been
dominating YouTube for the last two
years with a lot of his content being
around outrageous generosity since as
long as I can remember I've been
obsessed with trees when I was a young
teenager I even decorated my entire
bedroom as a jungle and put real trees
inside
I visited the Amazon rainforest the
biggest tree in the world I've planted
trees in Africa jungle treks in Malaysia
and Thailand I basically met trees from
all around the world my lifelong dream
is to build a tree house village and all
of my experiences have made me realize
how much we need trees I wanna know
Jimmy why are you planning 20 million
trees well oh that's a loaded question
there's a lot of reasons why I mean
obviously environmentally it's good I
mean okay not obviously like that is the
biggest way you know we got to make
change we need to make a change since
humans have inhabited this planet we've
cut down 50% of the trees the world is
suffering from major deforestation the
permanent loss of forest in which 80% of
land animals live four to six thousand
rainforest species go extinct each year
20% of the world's oxygen is produced by
the Amazon rainforest but we're cutting
it down at a rate of 1 football pitch
per minute and worldwide
we're losing 15 billion trees per year
over the last 40 years over 20% of the
world's the largest rainforest have been
clear
globally deforestation has doubled even
in the last five years
this may seem hopeless but we all can
make a difference
guys this is Mark he is one of the
brainchild that's been helping Jimmy put
this whole thing together can you tell
us a little bit of why you've chosen as
did it do this and also why is it so
important to be planting trees right now
and what does it do for the environment
pretty well yeah so I'll take off my
backpack so we're gonna get real the
most important part about this it's like
sending a message that young people this
generation cares about the environment
and about climate change right the
science is there but people aren't
necessarily acting on it so to be frank
like 20 million trees doesn't cure
climate change my pad we need a trillion
trees to cure climate changes there's no
silver bullet with silver buckshot right
there's a blood of yeah I like that
planting trees is one of them preserving
forests is another one stopping
emissions is another yeah I mean I've
gone vegan to help with the reduction of
you know cattle farming and all of that
it's a lousy there's loads of steps I
think that's like eight percent is like
an out fart yeah I feel like youtubers
should use their influence for good
which a lot do don't get me wrong but
our image is really tainted and there's
a loud truck walking by which probably
isn't good for the environment okay more
trees but it's really just to show that
you know we can use our influence for
good this idea came from the YouTube
community they challenged Jimmy yeah
this reddit post if you can find it if
not it's gonna just I'll put a heavy
pointing to nothing when I hit twenty
million subscribers my subs fund me to
plant 40 million trees they're crazy
they actually demanded it
and when I said I couldn't do it they
were getting mad at me and I was like
okay I'll do it I'll do it a million
trees seems huge but 20 millions is like
seems and it's right it's insane I don't
know hopefully we hit it right I think
we both teachers thought we took it
talked to all of our friends like you
and all you know and we said hey how
could we do this and now we're all going
forward and putting it back to the
community like only way this happens is
if everyone comes on board for every
dollar we raise they will put a tree in
the ground
that's it
we raised twenty million dollars to put
20 million trees in the ground what can
people do I think there's like a
fundraiser attached to this video yes
you can hit a corner actually it'll be
bottler bottom flap yeah somewhere so I
was told when I was filming my video to
point to the bottom lever right there
if not and the whole campaign is gonna
be unsuccessful
yeah wait that's all left that's there
right
I saw I looked at my director that's
with my video he goes point to bottom
left I was like this he said yeah okay
we're good if you all go across and join
this campaign it's an indication that
this kind of thing works and that we can
do bigger and better things to impact
the world and change it head across now
it's right here and here and here
go go go yeah let's give this tree
hugger well this is my tree okay
