guys I am so excited today I am
reviewing the new DJI
Mavic mini
[Applause]
[Laughter]
no way no way this is unbelievably light
this okay I just can't believe this this
is the lightest drone the DJ I have ever
made this is 249 grams this feels the
same weight is my phone right let's go
test this thing out
[Music]
[Music]
I haven't done many unboxing videos so I
kind of got excited and ripped all the
things out that came with the Mavic mini
so I'm going to try to remember what
actually was in this box so obviously
you've got the drone itself the
controller and then there's like the
obvious normal stuff like some
replacement propellers these propellers
are absolutely tiny by the way and these
ones actually they don't quit they're
not quick-release they look like you
actually have to unscrew them I guess
all those the normal stuff like cables
charger cables this is actually the
combo pack so this comes with a three
battery charger and a little case as
well so with this you can actually check
the power levels of all the batteries
you have just by clicking the side
button this is another thing that comes
with the DJI Mavic mini is their DIY
creative kit which looks like it's
basically some kind of stickers that you
can stick on the outside and color them
in so I'm gonna have a bit of fun with
this later on so there's like the
stickers here that you can stick on the
top
I guess these ones are blank these have
got the graffiti merit graffiti but then
you can color them in and then there's
like fully blank ones to do your own
designs which I'll be doing later on so
I think the fairest way to really test
the Mavic mini is to compare it to all
the other drones that DJ have released
these are all there the small consumer
drones so we have the Maverick Pro 2 we
have the Mavic err we have the spark and
the new mamak mini instead of me reading
out all the specs of each of these
drones here are the specs of each of
these drones so you can have a little
quick check on comparison basically when
I'm flying drones the things I'm looking
for is portability how small it is how
heavy it is and then when I'm actually
flying it fly ability is it easy to
control is the video quality goods is it
but is the connectivity good how far can
I fly it
and what's the battery life like we're
gonna take them out and do a
side-by-side comparison
[Music]
the spot is really struggling against
the critical warning landing port bitly
luck today wasn't over the ocean don't
tell Raya I crushed it
[Music]
[Music]
it's still got javis battery life left I
feel like this is the perfect meld of
all of these drones together it has the
same battery life as the Maverick 2 pro
so amazing battery life it's fast
it's light much lighter than any of
these other drones it's more portable
completely folds down I mean when these
first came out with the Maverick one
came out people were saying these with
pocket size which is ambitious unless
you've got a huge coat but this truly is
pocket size today I can feel it my
t-shirt pocket literally can wait let me
move my jeans book about and get it all
the way in I mean and for me although it
doesn't shoot in 4k on issues at 2.7 K I
honestly think it's only fractionally
worse video quality than these these
obviously are better but it's not that
much worse
[Music]
and then you get the incredible battery
life a much better price point as well
like this is the same price as a spot I
don't know they're gonna drop the price
of the spark when this was released but
they might have to this kind of ticks
almost all the boxes and you know what
one of the other surprising things is
this didn't really battle in the wind as
much as I thought I mean there was a bit
of a breeze and it was fine it was I
just flew it straight into the wind
it came back fine and the connectivity
wasn't much better than the air we were
flying this to like a thousand meters
away and it was like perfect
connectivity whereas the air was like
breaking up like 600 700 meters okay so
from 1 to 4 I'm gonna try and rank the
drones for the different categories ok
so firstly price point obviously the
Maverick mini wins followed by the spark
followed by the air followed by the two
pro 4 fly ability the Mavic 2 Pro the
mini
then the spark then the air even though
it's good for liability the connectivity
I don't know that's another category but
the connectivities part of the flying
experience and if you're if it's cutting
down and you're gonna crash into things
you can't see what's going on that's a
huge problem so I'd actually rank that
the lowest out of the drones battery
life the 2 Pro and the mini tie for
first seconds the air thirds of spark
video quality the maverick 2 pro is
first then the air second rate which way
around of these definitely be the mini
and then the spot the maverick mini
isn't far off taking everything into
account if I'm judging these with an
overall score I think the winner is the
maverick mini it has to be doesn't it
because look it's it's $400 it's so
light and compact and it shoots pretty
good a video if I'm travelling around I
don't want to spend $79 and I'm just
want a pretty epic drone this is my guy
and this
probably is your guy too if you are
wanting to shoot the most cinematic
videos you don't worry you're not
worried about price and you're not
worried about portability it's gonna be
the Maverick to pro or even bigger like
the Phantom or the inspire those are
your guys but for just general vlogging
traveling around shooting videos for
YouTube this is this might be my new
drain this might be my guy so you might
notice on the side here check this out
you see that there's some text on the
side of this drain that says ultra light
249 grams the reason that this is such a
significant number is that by all the
drone laws and legislation all around
the world the way that they classify a
drone which fits under this legislation
is something that weighs more than 250
grams this makes it so much more
accessible for amateur drone users that
just want to have fun and shoot stuff of
their travels they don't need to go
through all these convoluted processes
to get drone licenses
I really admire DJI for doing this and
kind of beating the system I think this
is amazing I might put this to the test
soon and try them fly it places where
typically it might be illegal to fly
this drone or even the spark yeah I'll
keep you posted on that
until you helic okay that goes guys
that's been a comprehensive review of
this drone comparison with the other DJI
drones and I hope you found it helpful
and I'm really excited to take this with
me on my travels do more shooting with
it and hopefully you guys would have a
lot of fun with it too and I'll catch
you next video peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
