hello I'm Janelle and I live in a van
with my pet snake
Alfredo today I'm going to be going on a
drive with Louie you know you might
recognize that from going crazy viral
over the last month this channel has
been everywhere is YouTube flooding your
homepage with women who live in just you
up overnight oh now I know there's lots
of questions out there for Janelle
so I asked on Instagram for people to
ask questions and I thought I'd do a fun
Q&A whilst we're cruising up to Malibu
this is the first question I got it's
broken English stone I don't know what
your response is gonna be but how she
choose the combination pretty girl snake
man
in the mattress have you ever felt
unsafe traveling by yourself no I
haven't ventured out of California and
I'm pretty comfortable out here and I
feel like just living this lifestyle
for almost two years I'm able to kind of
follow my intuition and like kind of
stray away from like situations right to
feel like they're traveling as a as a
man you just feel a little safer because
and I'm a bit bigger like I feel like if
I was I don't know how so I think
there's I would feel more intimidating a
device in your position but it's good
that you don't feel scared that's good
you never feel unsafe in the manner
yeah there's some weird stalkers out
there if you're a weird stalker just
chill out a wife
okay this could be a very lengthy
question but this is tips to live in a
man maybe maybe give your top three tips
don't rush plan make sure you pick the
right end for you see you should save
more money hovering
like don't pay your whole life even good
to build in Japan living a minimalist
lifestyle is a lot easier than you don't
need all
what are your top pros and cons of
living in about because as you know guys
like I've lived in vehicles a lot of my
life like my double-decker bus school
bus but you've done it like full-time
for two years right so what your pros
and cons pros far outweigh the comments
having like everything you need at all
times I love having my whole closet with
me the biggest pros for a lot of
people's cons is I mean you could have a
van with the bathroom that's what I my
goal is eventually but having to revolve
your schedule around showers and
bathrooms the work I've gone like pretty
used to it but especially if you're
starting out
why do you like snakes how long had you
been one to get one I like well I didn't
really care for snakes before Alfredo
and I got him at a repel Expo on a whim
and he won your heart was in love at
first sight or was it like
[Music]
I went to this Expo Saul Fredo but I've
decided to be responsible and sleep on
it and do research on snakes and then
bigger ladies like the perfect pet for
me and like my lifestyle and the next
day I just got him I love him so much I
think I love her more
I actually lost him one time and then
that day I realized how much because you
like panicked into a heartbreak yeah you
cried I feel like he's the perfect
sidekick you like the superhero he's
like your he's like your sidekick are
you a hired actress by YouTube people
are still gonna be like yeah that she
would say that was you would say that if
you are an actress you would like that
the best literally the best actress ever
and you've like really gone goth fill in
on your role life
you know those method actors where they
like live every second in their life in
that role that's kind of you have to be
that kind of actress if you were
everyone's sleeping I sneak off to
headquarters my lines for the day
if someone asks how much about cost
yeah I'm still working out the template
in detail the number the Banias self of
2500 I want to say I've heard about
are you looking to upgrade your van in
any way
looking to do it a whole new bill if
it's a lot of money into is bad
[Music]
I would a shower to do more like
long-distance travel yeah and the
portable shower and your channel lights
not fighting it how do you cope we'd
like been thrown into the spotlight of
suddenly like instant fame I'm still
processing it and it really could still
gonna be processing it for the next few
months
we're just kinda bad but
it's exciting it's really exciting
because a lot of the things that I want
to do in life like are
and what would you say some of the tough
parts of their been thrown in the spot I
beat all the conspiracy theorists even
if I can really defend myself other than
saying that I'm not a paid actor or
actress
yeah that's been kind of robbed but at
the end of the day I'm like
it's not really anything to do about it
but ya know what everything else isn't
prehnite yeah I felt like that's the
thing I love most about this whole
YouTube journey I've been on for years
it's like the people I've met through it
Abby is so amazing and like you put it
it's easy to connect with people on that
same like you share that in common that
you love wherever like making videos and
traveling yeah I'm excited for Janelle
to travel that's what I can't wait to
see her travel outside in California
maybe to other countries you know maybe
we'll get to be big enough today either
way get ready guys for some
international adventures without very
late wake describe like a video you can
imagine uploading in a year from now
I don't know we might be and might be
I really want to go to an art now
be late your your block you need to put
some really good snow tires on her bad
yeah I want to do a lot of like country
do you have any plans to like get a
friend for Alfredo what do you think
it's enough to get another silence what
about solar panels they love the room
and then when that powers is heating
that maybe a maybe you could get a snake
in the negative snake babies and then
you could have a whole alfredo had
babies would you want one we could maybe
have a snake in the house any wisdom you
could give to people watching that are a
bit younger or kind of want to step out
of that day-to-day 9 to 5 or whatever it
is that is holding the back like have
you got any words of wisdom
listen to your heart but be smart and
use your brains and don't just like make
a whole city
it's like you can easily just by a bit
and like try to travel but you have to
be a little bit finances so don't just
like find a snake and by the next day I
I did my research before I got you'll be
impulsive as long as there's like
sometimes my period of like really doing
your research yeah the orange VW
campervan guys I have it's been off the
road since I don't know a year ago maybe
longer because of the breakdown engine
blew up I'm trying to get it convert it
to electric at the moment but then even
then like I'll have limited range and I
might have to wait a number of hours for
it's like charge UPS is not as easy just
to refill
I have seen and I have seen a have seen
a solar charging electric PW come man
but the entire the entire roof is like
solar panels and then it like tilts up
to get a maximum some exposure they'll
be pretty fun
[Music]
we're actually on the way to my school
bus which I want to show Janelle which
is parked up in Malibu just to give you
some inspiration on the potential of
getting a bigger vehicle you probably
wouldn't want to get one this big I can
just imagine you behind that's like
driving a school bus
not along yeah you want to stay back one
more questions come in quite a broad one
who are you
rush could be can you introduce yourself
I'm an actress for you to hell yes
that's a good question like how would
you introduce yourself to me now
would you say you're a youtuber yet I
guess you are but it's only been a month
you're a very successful you to be
successful
[Music]
I'm on like the beginning of my journey
[Music]
welcome to the happiness bus isn't it
great it's so cute in it and then this
like pops open so you can see the stars
at night and net flips this is your
dream here they let ya it's so nice that
this is it sure I know all the waters
like plumbed in if you have running
water and then we actually like like
drive it into position and then built
this little wooden deck and like this
whole area for it what are your thoughts
on the bus too big for you I can barely
parallel park my game we've had a little
tour of the happiness bus hopefully
you've been a little bit inspired for
your next build-out thing it's like
living luxury compared to my vision what
does that freighter thing
do you like the bus guys if you haven't
seen Jenelle's videos yet I highly
recommend you head over can all make
sure you subscribe and yeah I'll catch
you see peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure bye what's your outbreak
I'm gonna start talking now to you tall
