hey I'm Louie Cole and today I'm gonna
be reviewing the brand's new released
today Sony a 6400 Sony have literally
just announced the release of their a
6400 which is their new entry-level
email series mirrorless camera was given
it to test it out before the release
date so Thank You Sony I feel very
special a lot of you have subscribed to
me for my travel content and I'm very
passionate about sharing my adventures
and traveling with you and spreading
positivity but I also love capturing
those experiences in the best way
possible so love learning about new
cameras and technology so before I'm
going to show this to you I'm going to
show you the cameras that I've been
using to vlog for the last couple of
years so starting with the rx100 series
which is the first of the Sony cameras
that I ever used this is the Mach 4 then
I went on to the mark 5 then recently
have upgraded to the mark 6 so next I
started using the Sony Alpha range
starting with the a7 r2 then the a7 s 2
which have been my predominant vlogging
cameras for the last couple of years and
then more recently I tried out the a7 r3
and this is the a7 3 so this is I just
borrowed this for my housemate to show
you this is very similar but there's
more advanced features it's a little bit
of a bigger body and much longer life
battery anyway these cameras a bit more
high-end and for pro production and in
case you were wondering what these
little fluffy things are I stick these
on all my cameras they're like little
mini wind mufflers just to stop any of
the wind noise
and they are amazing for the inbuilt
audio anyway all of these cameras are
great but I have really struggled to
recommend beginner vloggers anyone
that's starting out to get the Alpha
range because they're quite pricey and
they don't have a full 180 flip out
screen when the screens flip out they
only stop there so you can already see
yourself when you're vlogging and then
the rx100 range they do have the 180
flip up screen so you can see when
you're vlogging but it doesn't have an
interchangeable lens and although it's
packed with amazing features it is quite
pricey for a point-and-shoot I've never
owned or used in a 6300 or an a 6500 so
they won't be able to compare them from
experience but this is the next camera
in that range so the question is is the
a 6400 the perfect camera for
affordability quality and functionality
okay I'm down in Venice Beach I'm
testing out a few things with a new
camera firstly how is the audio this is
the built-in audio how is it it's a
little bit windy here so hopefully
there's not catching the wind I've
noticed the mics are mounted on the
front of this camera rather than the top
the other thing I want to test out is
how quickly I can focus from my face
which is in focus now to I guess like
swinging around to the background and
back to my face again and then over here
and then back to my fake face again so
the first huge feature is that the
screen it does flip all the way around
180 I do find the way they've built this
flip screen a little bit awkward but I
think the reason it's like this is so it
can kind of lift up over the electronic
viewfinder which is also important so I
get it and also you think it's good that
they didn't have one fold around the
side like a lot of other mirrorless
cameras do so I'm I'm gonna test it out
I'll let you guys know how sturdy it is
it does look a bit flimsy but it's
pretty cool it does have a little
digital viewfinder as well which I
usually use when I'm taking the photos
in bright conditions and then you can
actually control the camera
the touchscreen as well I usually use
this for auto focusing you can literally
touch a subject on the screen and then
it automatically pulls into focus so and
it occasionally gets annoying if you
accidentally touch the screen but I
think you can easily quit out and maybe
you can set like a shortcut key to
enable the touchscreen focus but I think
it's a pretty cool feature it also has a
microphone jack input a hot shoe and a
built-in flash what I also love about
this is there's this customizable dial
here that you can kind of set it to do
whatever you want so I've set it to do
exposure compensation but there's loads
of customizable buttons you can pretty
much program any button to do anything
you want to say I think that's a great
feature especially if you're used to
certain things on cameras I think you
can basically set it up to be exactly
how you want it Sony have said that
they've built in a lot of technology
from their full frame range into this
camera here's a size comparison so you
can see the body size comparison now one
thing I do need to point out is that
this is a cropped sensor an aps-c and
then it takes these smaller email lenses
it also can take the bigger full-frame
lenses but then they're just cropped in
a little bit so like a 24 lens would be
more like a 36 and a 12 mil ends would
be more like an 18 millimeter but these
email lenses are pretty cool this is the
18 235 which would be my kind of choice
if I was to choose one lens because it's
wide enough to vlog on and then you can
shoot some cool b-roll and capture
things with a bit of zoom and then
slowly let me play around with the the
10 to 18 which is obviously wide I'd be
doing more kind of landscape photography
with this the 24 1.8 this is nice for
that kind of shallow depth and then the
28 to 70 which again just gives you a
bit of variety and the kind of shots you
can do with one lens so this would be my
choice study the 18 to 135 so it's a 24
point two megapixel sensor and it can
shoot 4k at 30 frames a second
for those of you that like shooting
cinematically it has a new color profile
which is designed for HDR recording
called HL g ii i've switched to the new
pitcher profile that's been releasing
this camera which is the h LG profile
and I'm going to try I guess it's to do
with the dynamic range of something yet
you can pull back out on the footage but
this is me completely back to lick the
sunset I'm guessing you'll still be able
to see some detail in the clouds and
stuff it also shoots 120 frames a second
at 1080 I'm going to test shooting at
120 frames a second uncropped and see
how the photo looks like check this out
[Music]
another amazing thing about this camera
is that it doesn't limit your record
time to 29 minutes most mirrorless
cameras and DSLRs limit the record time
to 29 minutes this has that feature
removed and I think that's just going to
be so good if you're trying to record
podcasts or interview people you don't
want to keep checking that the camera is
still filming you don't to be panicking
when I was filming on the world flight
with the a7s and they a7r I had to keep
checking whenever I was interviewing
people because I shooting some
interviews on my own I had to kind of
stand up check later still recording but
this would just keep rolling as long as
you've got enough space in the memory
card or whatever so I think that's
awesome
one of the other biggest features is
that has the world's fastest autofocus
speed when you're taking photos
apparently 0.02 seconds it has real time
I or a focus plus real-time tracking 425
points of phase detection and you can
take a photo burst of up to 11 frames a
second that's pretty mad
[Music]
Wow look enough tracking the focus that
is amazing the autofocus is
significantly better in low light which
is an issue I've had in the past with
Sony cameras so that's really good that
that's improved and I think the
low-light ability of this camera is
pretty good depending on what lens
you're using obviously not as good as
the a7s2 but if significantly better
than the rx100 one of the disadvantages
of the a 6400 is that there's no in-body
stabilization which by guess is one of
the reasons why they could keep the cost
low also it's the reason why they named
this model the a 6400 there's already an
a 6300 and a 6500 the a 6500 does have
the embody stabilization so yeah I think
a lot of people are confused why this
was the a 6400 and that's why another
cool feature they've released with this
camera is the ability to do time-lapse
photography the features called interval
shoot function with all the previous
Sony cameras you have to download an app
off the Sony Play Store and it was a
complete headache every time I got a new
camera I had to download the app anyway
it's built in now so you don't need any
external devices a lot of people do time
that's photography with kind of
intervalometer things that you plug into
your camera anyway it's all built-in and
yeah I cannot wait to start using that
and then a few other little features it
has the ability to transfer 4k movies to
your smart phone which you could edit in
Adobe Rush if you wanted to edit
something on your smart phone it's got
all the normal Wi-Fi features built in
like the remote control stuff and
apparently you can update the location
and date and time through Bluetooth
which is also cool so that's most of the
information about this camera the a 6400
the most amazing thing is the body is
only around 900 dollars and with the 16
250ml lens kit it's $1000 and with the
18 to 135 my favorite lens it's $1,300 I
think that is amazing value for money
and I would totally recommend this for a
beginner and if someone's looking to get
into photography or vlogging this is
your camera so I'm going to start
vlogging with this as my prime
vlogging camera and I'll keep you up to
date with how I get on and if there's
anything I discover if there's anything
I've missed that you guys want to know
about the camera please comment below
ask me and yeah I'll try to let you know
it's kind of weird that I'm one of the
only people in the world I think I'm one
of four people in the world that's had
this pretty release to play around with
so again I feel totally honored thanks
to Sony and hopefully that was an
informative and you enjoyed that little
review and finally just remind you guys
this is just one series on my channel
I'm gonna be doing a lot of travel
content still I've got a trip to
Australia planned next month there's
still going to be travel content here so
thank this appear I'm just trying new
things
and like I said I really enjoy
technology I'm gonna be releasing some
old videos of past trips like some
throwbacks some story times and I'm just
gonna get creative now that I've got a
base and I'm not nomadic anymore thanks
for sticking with me if you're new to
this channel and you've just come to
check the camera out please subscribe I
press that little notification bell as
well and yeah I'll catch you next time
