hey guys I wanted to sit down and have a
bit of a heart-to-heart with you today
basically I've come to a bit of a
crossroads in my life and with this
channel and I wanted to I guess just
share what I'm thinking and where my
head's at and hopefully you'll kind of
understand the situation I'm in so to
explain I'm gonna go all the way back to
2012 when I really got this channel off
the ground I was uploading some Road
Trip videos at films I went on a road
trip around the UK in a double-decker
bus and I came to America and it was all
of really exciting time in my life where
I just wanted to you know just explore
the world the world was my oyster I had
no plans no particular goals other than
I'm just going to ride this wave and and
go with the wind and see where it takes
me which is kind of what I've done for
the last six and a bit years on YouTube
and it was incredible that I was able to
vlog for a long time daily vlog my
adventures and share them with you guys
and take you on this amazing ya
adventure basically of what I've been up
to and traveling all over the world
getting to share some stories but mainly
documenting my life which was kind of
what I started out doing I was that I'm
gonna document my life and when I wake
up to when I go to bed and then I guess
there was a deeper purpose for me as
well was oh this is an amazing
opportunity here to share this with you
guys but to also inspire you to get out
there and travel and explore the world
and live your life to the fullest and I
guess live your own adventures whatever
that looks like and I I feel like from
the feedback I've had that a lot of you
have felt inspired by kind of my global
explorations and what I've been up to
and for me that was the most rewarding
part of all of this the most rewarding
part of
of having this channel and being able to
share my life is the impact that I've
been able to have as you've noticed on
my channel for the last probably seven
eight months I've really slowed down the
uploads to maybe once or twice a week
sometimes going weeks without uploading
and the reason is I'm going through this
big shift in my life at the moment we're
where my main passion was kind of
traveling non-stop and just having new
adventures every day I though that was
incredible and yeah I mean I I've had
the most amazing six years and I feel so
privileged to have had that there's been
this growing desire for a deeper sense
of community and connection with people
some days I don't pick up my camera I
don't blog what I'm up to and I have
really just been investing in
friendships which to be honest over the
last six years have definitely suffered
my my kind of connection with people and
and depth of communities has really
fallen away the more I've traveled and
the more I've dedicated myself to
specially like the daily uploads and
I've shared a little bit about this
journey I'm on in LA I've really found
this are so such a deep community of
people that I'm cultivating and learning
from people and some days I'll just be
you know spending time with people
chatting having deep conversations about
how we can change the world and how we
can do things but it's been a lot harder
to kind of document my life when I've
been in one place and I've been
traveling a lot less and it hasn't been
something that I've been excited to do
to be honest and it seems to me from the
feedback it's not as exciting for you
guys to watch me at home and living a
more kind of normal ordinary day-to-day
life so this has left me in a bit of a
conundrum where I I still do really
enjoy making the vlogs and the travel
vlogs and when I'm doing exciting things
I like to film them and share them with
you guys but I also realize my channel
has
declined a bear and I haven't really
changed the format of my videos ever
like there'd be basically been the same
like an intro I do the whole day I take
you along the day with me and then the
video ends and I thinking things can
become a bit stagnant and if you don't
adapt and evolve in life I don't know I
feel like sometimes you just get stuck
where you are and I think a lot of
people have become a bit bored or at
least kind of they feel that all my
vlogs are kind of the same as they've
always been
and I feel like it that's the same for
me as well I feel like this is becoming
less exciting for me to do because it's
all feeling the same on a little side
note I've been spending a lot of time in
LA as well building me live the
adventure brand which you've seen over
the last few years we've done a lot of
summits and trips and we managed a few
travel influences but we also have these
platforms on Facebook and Instagram
which I'm helping build we're putting
out daily videos on Facebook right now
which is like little travel inspiration
things we're sharing other travel
influences videos and tagging them and
just making these cool little Facebook
videos which I'd love you to check out
if you don't already follow us on
Facebook and it's exciting for me to be
involved with that and helping build the
team around that so go and check it out
something I'd love to do as well is
build up to doing some more trips which
you guys can get involved with which I'm
not going to announce anything yet but
we're it's in the works to put on some
posters kind of travel trips also some
summits and maybe festivals in the
future these are all ideas and the works
and we're just trying to figure out
logistics now but this is something I
wouldn't have had time to do had I been
daily vlogging still or trying to turn
out the vlogs like I used to I just
didn't have any headspace so this new
slower chapter in my life has given me a
chance to
and I guess plan more build a bit more
of a team and stop and breathe and think
okay what do I really care about one
other thing which is I'm not going to
announce properly yet but I am starting
a organization called the social good
Club which is focused around supporting
other influences and building amazing
kind of campaigns around social projects
important causes sharing stories of hope
from around the world and yeah and
highlighting really important issues
that we we have to address and finding
the best ways to do that so that's where
I want to Channel up a lot of my
energies into as well and like I said
when I was on a treadmill of making
vlogs I didn't have the time or
headspace or energy to do that and the
aim is as well just to involve you guys
as I've been talking about community I
really want you to know that I feel that
you guys have part of my community as
well but I do think there's a detachment
when it's just a digital community
online versus a face to face community
so I do over the coming months want to
find ways to congregate more to meet up
with you guys more and to encourage you
guys to meet up together with a common
cause of doing good around you and
pushing out comfort zones and making the
most out of life so these are all things
I'm exploring and trying to figure out
okay how do we make this happen I'm not
gonna stop making videos on this channel
I'm just gonna stop the vlog format that
I have had for so many years and it's a
very scary thing for me to step into
something new like this because I'm just
so in that habit of this is how I edit a
video this is how I make a video so it's
in its own way is like my new adventure
and it's pushing out my comfort zones is
to think maybe I could make some
different styles of videos in this
channel which worked better for me and
where I am in life at the moment and
also will be more interesting and
engaging and
impactful for you guys so the plan is
the videos from here on out they want to
make on the channel I want to share
stories of hope find amazing people find
causes to highlight and share still
share incredible stuff going on in the
world but doing it in a way with more of
a message to each video and yeah more of
a story rather than just documenting my
life I do really appreciate those people
that have been with me from four years
from the beginning and I don't want you
to feel let down or this is anything's
ending if anything I really feel like
this is this is the start of something
really exciting and we are just getting
started I also want to involve you guys
a lot more in my content whether that's
inviting you to come travel with me
coming to visit you guys doing some road
trips where I can come and share some of
your stories however that's going to
look I will keep you posted but I really
really appreciate you sticking with me
as I'm going into this new chapter this
new adventure in my life and hopefully
reviving this channel a little bit and
kicking it back into its former glory
maybe so yeah please stick around I
really really hope you like this new
direction I'm going in and I can't wait
to take you on this adventure into the
next chapter of this channel peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
