just realize I haven't removed this
their little lens cover so Oh
welcome back to fun for Louie today I
have a very exciting video for you I am
testing out the new GoPro Maxx
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
before I start I want to let you know I
haven't been paid to promote this camera
to you guys I'm just a huge fan of 360
video I've managed to get my hands on it
early and I'm gonna let you know what I
think obviously as you know I've been
using the fusion for a couple of years
now this is the predecessor to the max
this is what the GoPro max boasts three
in one camera a stabilized here right
spiracle 360 camera and apparently a
vlogging solution which I'm assuming is
the front-facing camera this is the the
main new feature on the GoPro Max is
that there's actually a screen to see
what you're doing there's these little
lens caps which you can pop off which
aren't too fiddly to pop off but keep
those there so obviously there's two
cameras on this the front and the back
or the back in the front I don't know
which way it goes
the main difference with the GoPro max
is there's two distinct options for
filming the first option is spherical
video which is the same as the fusion
you're capturing both lenses stitched
together the other very cool new feature
is essentially switching to just normal
GoPro mode where you could be doing some
kind of action sport and it's just
looking at out of one lens and giving
you that as a rendered video file and
you can actually switch lenses so you
can either be shooting out front of you
or selfie mode back towards you the
spherical video mode captures that 5
point 6 K at 30 frames a second so the
traditional hero mode has some
disadvantages and some advantages over
the new GoPro Hero 8 the disadvantages
are that the max resolution and frame
rate is 1080 at 60 frames a second but
the advantages are this has the best
stabilisation of any GoPro it's hyper
smooth stabilization I love the terms
they come up with it's not just max
hyper smooth stabilization but max hyper
smooth stabilization say that seven
times max hyper smooth stabilisation max
hyper civilization with horizon leveling
which I've never seen in the camera
before
raise it wait this will be fully
stabilized even if I'm rocking it like
this yeah the way that traditional video
stabilized is it shoots at a specific
resolution and then in order to
stabilize that it needs to move that
image around to kind of counteract the
wobble or the movement the way that
spherical video stabilizes is imagine a
globe and in order to stabilize it all
you need to do is move that globe around
and it's and it can perfectly stabilize
even when you're doing this unbelievable
unbeatable stabilization I'm going to
show you the different shooting modes
you can shoot in the traditional hero
shoots in the equivalent of wide so if
you look at this wide this is white cool
thing about the GoPro Max is you can
actually go even wider this is max the
super V work wide and the max super view
which means the edge of the frame for
this camera is like here and here how
crazy is that
well I think the traditional GoPro the
field of you'd be like here one of the
other big upgrades from the fusion to
the max is the audio quality so there's
six microphones now one two maybe
there's two on the top okay I can't see
all six of them but a pair another six
yesterday we took this out we did some
tests on the beach I actually made the
world's longest selfie stick and was
using it to get some amazing 360 video
which we then cut together quite quickly
on my phone one of the best things with
the GoPro Max which I think GoPro have
worked on very hard is the workflow with
the fusion I love this camera but it had
two SD cards one either side of the
battery which you had to take out and
then individually capture all of the
front-facing camera files all of the
back facing camera files take it into
GoPro fusion studio and it literally
would often take me even with a powerful
computer overnight to stick
those videos together so it's long
overdue that this issue is fixed and I'm
so glad that GoPro listen to all the
feedback now it stitches in camera
there's one SD card it's all captured
two as a spherical video ready to roll
and you can actually just transfer it
straight into your phone and now edit
with a new GoPro app go for a max view
media I went to the media library this
is straight off the camera so this is
reading the card so you saw some of
these shots and this is how I captured
them so basically in the app you can
choose your field of view whether it's
tiny planet mode like that or you can
zoom in yeah it's very very intuitive if
I grab a section so this is I shot on
that big selfie stick was telling you
about so I can pull the camera of the
angle around zoom in and out and then
set keyframes okay so I'm going to trim
the video the moment I want to capture
is at like 46 seconds so I'm going to
trim it here say I'm going to use this
for like a 15 second clip and intagram
stories so I'm going to save that as a
new clip so that took like 30 seconds to
save if I go in now to that clip oh yeah
so here's the clip on my phone it's like
10 seconds it's actually exactly 10
seconds so I'm gonna do now is add
keyframes for those you don't know about
animation or video editing a keyframe is
where you set some values of specific
attributes so it could be like in this
case it's the field of view and the
angle of the camera and you set that as
a point in time on the timeline I set
that first keyframe and then I'm moving
along and at this point he's off center
so I'm gonna move him back into center
of the shop maybe zoom in a little bit
to get that moment so then I'm gonna add
that second keyframe and I might add a
third keyframe potentially is so good my
attic third keyframe
that disconnect was here a bit so you
can kind of animate where you want the
camera to be to this point I'm like
close up and then the camera I'm moving
actually zooms out so what I'm going to
do is add a fourth keyframe where I'm
going to look down a bit and zoom the
camera the field of view out maybe sit
like there so I can update that keyframe
I'm going to go all the way out to full
tiny planet and swivel around so you can
see the path nice so if I play that now
yeah they say so then if I want to
export that I firstly can choose what
ratio size at 169 which you can use for
YouTube whatever and then an Instagram
post a one-to-one ratio 4:3 or a 916
which it would be for light instrument
or ease so you select that done and then
I will just save that render the video
so now this is a rendered video of the
movement I just did and I can save that
safe to phytase so that's on my camera
roll now I actually did do all of this
when we were out on the beach as well to
see how quick and easy it was to do and
I was impressed I was very impressed so
I'm gonna be using the GoPro max a lot
more I need to try out the max time warp
feature and some of the photos I haven't
tried yet but so far I am blown away by
how amazing this camera is and what
you're capable of capturing and that it
can be used as a traditional GoPro Hero
as well so finally guys this is
available to order now for five hundred
dollars I'd highly recommend it having
played around with it and just been so
impressed and I'd love to see all the
amazing videos you guys are going to
create on this I'd love to know what you
think in the comments what did you think
of the footage the stuff that was shot
and also how easy it is
to post and capture that off your camera
and post let me know below so hit like
if you enjoyed this review and although
I'm not making review videos every week
I have got an amazing top secret
incredible video coming next week so if
you're new to this channel hit subscribe
you're in for a treat and I will see you
soon
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
