[Music]
good morning guys I've left India and
really really randomly I'm in Detroit
right now having a bit of a reunion with
a bunch of friends one of my friends
lives out here
oh it just chopped down the tree we are
over at a house that he's bought and
renovated and helping just clear up some
of the land the exciting thing about
being here in Detroit is the last time I
was here I think eight years ago it was
completely derelict the entire city was
just derelict and there's been this
amazing resurgence like revival of the
whole city and it just I dunno I don't
recognize it it's incredible so there's
still a lot of them like loads of cheap
housing out here so my friend trying to
convince me to invest in some housing
but we're yeah I'm just learning doing
having a little tour of Detroit arrived
yesterday
and yeah Dave's here let's go and see
what they're up to basically they have
been not they're not down house Jeff
just say hello to my vlog this is Jesse
he's a friend of lives here in Detroit
and it was his birthday yeah this is his
house there used to be houses on every
lot like as close as there yeah but when
they got knocked down it creates spaces
so when Jeff bought this house he got
this lot we look around all these houses
and then I was like yeah maybe we'll get
a house one day they got really really
cheap like dirt cheap but this thing's
just sitting here with nothing in it all
right
we can have like we can grow stuff we
can have a fire pit can be like a
community garden
we can have a base when we come visit in
Detroit and it's like a like a you know
you begin with that and then you can
maybe if like the house across the road
comes up for sale then we could get that
or like that one look at that one it's
totally burn out Wow
there's Jim did you see the building did
you drive past a building that we stood
on top of eight years ago yes right and
now it's gonna be a massive social
enterprise dance up accelerator thing
they've put an eighteen million into it
six doors that way I think you can see
here yeah they're big wielding that
that's the church Aretha Franklin grew
up in I didn't tell you guys
Detroit is the home of Motown along with
a lot of other amazing music but read
the Franklin Diana Ramayana Ross all
those guy is so open switchers so
anyways there's a lot of incredible
heritage and culture here and it's it's
exciting to be here i selling the ambien
jeff on the way over I feel like anyone
that's like a visionary if this is just
like it's a playground yeah this is
incredible it's yes like christmas came
early so this is the flock and that is
Aretha Franklin's church literally the
one block that way it is special this is
really special I think we're gonna cut
up this telephone pole for seats around
the fire oh wow really yeah
all right Jeff is gonna show us around
guys this this is Jake you might
remember him from New Zealand when we
were fishing with Rob back like three
four years ago this is an amiibo Lee
basically is this bigger reunion from
like I don't seen Jeff at eight years
probably
it's anyway so he's showing us around
his house Wow
so how many people you got living here
seven people said their house of $60,000
you put in another sixty thousand to
your lights and the two lights outside
the world and if you'd bought the house
yeah yeah this Hawk we're going to make
this into like
it's a nice fire pit nice garden and
what I'd love to do is make that an
Airbnb back there
no yeah hit that out put double French
doors in there yeah you know make it a
nice spot not sick but I wouldn't do it
do like they do in London were you you
know were you how they're locked out
yeah and make the vault windows quite
exciting thinking about property
development it's not really something
you can think about in LA because
properties are so ridiculously expensive
check this one out right Casey was
joking about this a month ago on Twitter
they found this property it's like a
one-bedroom beach hut in Santa Monica
for 1.7 million dollars down into the
basement whoa this is huge this is huge
yeah whoa you could have another like
three bedrooms down here yeah yeah
[Music]
this is the little house out back that
Dave might do something with
this is kind of cool guys you remember
Rob last time we saw each other was New
Zealand right three years ago
we've all flown out here amazing reunion
New Zealand babe from the UK where was I
India and then New York for a couple of
days you are sitting on a duck
yeah catching a little snapper yeah
octopus me Rob and Jake are heading down
to be some fishing off a wharf in Munger
nippy
Jake's caught something whoa yeah yeah
it's kind of surreal being in Detroit
last time I saw that girl wasn't random
parts of the world years and years and
years ago so it's cool to have a big of
reunion like this and it's an exciting
place being and Detroit seeing like the
potential here is just like analyze for
someone like me I feel like I'm a bit of
a visionary like I see I see the
potential of what things could be so
this kind of place is amazing
okay boys a little fire going ready I'm
trying to get the drone working so we
can get some aerial shots of your
neighborhood
[Music]
all right we've got the subsidies on the
guy these are the tofurkey sausages
you'd be pretty amazing Dave's first
tofurkey hotdog is it I don't know it's
hot enough should be have you not tried
yet no I'm done it yes the sacrificial
that's not a very good time to using
your same vegan food isn't it I'm going
all the way yeah go all the way hey it's
like um it's good yeah it's lean
sausage you know what I mean it doesn't
taste like doesn't have that heavy yeah
greasy vibe
yeah nice it's everything you want in a
sausage basically oh thank you
oh yeah right what do you think of them
the vegan sausage mm-hmm good I have
never had a bigger source it looks real
and smells real we didn't over here they
not only my plant the first new tree
here but I'm planning my first ever tree
you you never planted a tree I've never
planted a tree that's not true I
probably lots of vegetables but planting
trees is a longer-term investment and
this is the first place I'm doing it
good job babe come on
all right I'm gonna build a tree house
in this tree was it's fairly groundwater
it
[Music]
okay we've been back at the house
resting we are heading out for some
drinks and dinner and music tonight
we've just arrived at she-wolf which is
the restaurant that Jeff's son Jake
works out thanks best restaurant Detroit
glad you guys can be
Oh
was this it's pickled mushrooms with
arugula and this is pepper sauce on them
this is okay nice
tell me about the pasta I heard it's the
best in town so this is off this is off
menu yeah it's a vegan Carpinelli noodle
and chef selection vegetables in there
I mean it's the best pasta
we're
Wow wait he's an ape and this was what
vegan food was like everywhere would you
rate this pastor our tender Oh me when I
would turn out a no I don't even think
that's an exaggeration it is banging in
it this is the chef hey Anthony this is
chef Anthony's he's done the amazing job
on the food tonight yeah sure it's very
used to like all the red sauce
I'm feeling great guys
you know the Jazz got my coffee bye
cheers Dave got my coffee in a glass and
away
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we're back at Jeff's house after an
amazing evening I just I could have
dreamt of a better jazz place but I
thought that we weren't gonna find
anywhere but it was just just so so epic
and yeah it's just been an amazing stay
here in Detroit I I'm kind of just super
intrigued and fascinated by this city
what's going on here this whole kind of
revival of the sea and I'm tempted to
research a bit more into whether to
invest in property because we're here
I'm currently living it living in Venice
Beach even the smallest one-bedroom like
a sharing earlier like flats like
millions of dollars and I'm sure of
10-15 years ago they were a fraction a
tiny fraction of that price so it's hard
to know which areas around the world are
gonna boom in terms of popularity and
housing prices and stuff but anyway it
is interesting to me but I'm also just
interested in seeing what's happening
here in the creativity and all of the
people coming in or the young kind of
creatives and artists and stuff so I
think I will be coming back to Detroit
and spending a bit more time hearing and
yeah yeah I don't know when night anyway
tomorrow we're flying back to LA Dave's
coming to join for the adventure and our
friend Andy boli and yeah it's gonna be
a fun week
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
