we have arrived in Cartagena Colombia
this is my 84th country I visited and
this trip is particularly special
because we are doing something over the
next week which I've been really
planning and wanting to do for years and
finally everything's come together for
me to plan out an itinerary and an
amazing trip for you guys to come along
on as well so over the next week I'm
going to be showing you some of the
amazing things to do in Colombia and
then at the end of that we'll be selling
tickets for the next trip so you can
sign up low in your interest in the
coming to Colombia and come on the first
of the live the adventure trips and then
hopefully this will be the first of many
trips around the world that we'll be
running as live the adventure so yeah
comment below as well if there's other
places around the world that you'd love
to experience with an organized trip
okay this is the squad we've got on our
trip got Sam Chris new friend with mate
doing a lot of video stuff briars hair
Esteban Esteban he's been helping me in
LA with video stuff amazing guy and then
Carlos is our guide today he's gonna be
showing us around car picking up
[Music]
I've Cana was diversity to get
independence this in the whole of
Colombia Cartagena was the best state to
have independence every time you see a
concrete Waffle House admit it's a new
house Republicans won every time you see
a wooden balcony it means it's a
colonial-style house so it's like 250
euro check out these old colonial houses
whoa
[Music]
you see here what is it
felicity in iguana anyone s represents
the royalty here
so every time you see an iguana it means
like someone who worked it was pretty
close to this honest ground was Lincoln
at this houses
[Music]
[Music]
Gareth Ahana was the number one memory
port back in the colonial times
[Music]
those women we just met in the colorful
clothing with a fruit on their head they
are dressed in the traditional dress of
a small town nearby called
Palenque and that town was at the first
Free slave town all the way back in 1603
it was founded from slaves that had
escaped and then they basically set up
their own town and apparently was the
first free slave town of the entire
Americas like the first from anywhere in
the Caribbean anywhere in North or South
America and it was quite incredible to
learn about one of the most amazing
factors they did their hair in cornrows
but the patterns that they made of the
coronaries were actually maps of how to
escape and have to travel from different
locations so that just blew my mind
[Music]
[Music]
okay I just spotted Columbia's most
award-winning coffee so we're going to
go in and try it out I'm hoping later on
this trip we get to go to a coffee
plantation and learn about coffee but I
love this smelly good coffee
oh yeah that's that's gross every week
whoa what flavors are in that complete
parsley we work with two Arabica
varieties by the way in Colombia we only
grow their advocate family okay but I
know that having a family you have
different priorities we have an
assemblage of Arabic at Kuala Radhika
Castillo local Arab fitness every a
bright acidity a very sweet aftertaste
okay we're going to brew 24 grams freed
from the Chemex oh my gosh that is so
good
[Music]
yeah so it's sweet and a bit acidic
that's amazing
this is the more intensely buried one we
use with these metal filter paper more
pink
[Music]
wow it almost has a taste of tea you
taste in that one it's always tasted
mixed with like almost a slightly softer
I prefer the second one I think for
accordion copy code brief short let's do
this right on with the day
[Music]
this is honestly one of the most
beautiful towns that walks around it
reminds me of cross between probably
like Huber and maybe I think we went to
a town in Guatemala it's good like MTV
or something reminds me of that like
beautiful colorful little colonial
buildings and this quaint little Street
courtyards like this
[Music]
this is where we're staying hotel three
Pendennis three flax the plan now is
were quickly going to grab some other
stuff and head off to do the castle and
to grab some lunch and then the rest of
the itinerary today which is pretty
incredible waiter yeah lunch
[Music]
okay next today we've just arrived at
castillo de san felipe which is this
massive castle in cartagena which we're
about to go and explore this looks
amazing but we have this cannon here
this because soldiers had to bring the
munitions parent to the top and they
didn't use their shoulders to carry all
this they use cards and then in front of
the cart they tied a rope and then they
use discounts to pull me
that's why without their family you can
see the pain of all the finer family
[Music]
okay last person in the squad I haven't
introduced you to yet it's Tara Tara
owns and runs a travel company called
FTL Oh for the love of travel and we are
Co organizing this trip we've got this
whole amazing itinerary planned out and
yeah it's really exciting which soldiers
[Music]
we were now that we could we were not
able to see him but of course he can see
us perfectly and then here so he could
kill us against the wall and the reason
why there is not another stone-cold
killer
[Music]
[Music]
so here we can see the Colombian flag
and the meanings of the color so yellow
represents all our richness involved
blue represents the water and red is
this lot of our independence
[Music]
this castle was built in 1657
it was designed by the colonial Spanish
that had invaded Colombia and it was
built by the African slaves that were
here at the time
[Music]
right we have arrived for lunch and this
cool little beachside cafe lip hair
laughs Nicola it's great vibes out here
oh yeah yes bro all about the hammock
vibes
[Music]
[Music]
oh yeah look at this fried plantain
lentils rice avocado time for dessert
it's just like a coconut cookie coconut
cookie Oh what is it
[Music]
so literally right next door to where we
had lunch there's this organization that
we're visiting and they teach local
children how to express themselves and
find meaning in life through music so
we're going to do a little workshop and
learn some drumming they do a lot of
kind of local music pretty excited to
learn some Colombian rhythms
[Music]
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so the kids that they're teaching here
it's really helping channel their
energies into something positive because
otherwise they're at risk of you know
just being on the streets and getting
about with gangs and stuff and drugs and
I think this is really a way to
encourage them back into some kind of
education so they actually like build
and make the drums together and they get
to play and then there's loads of other
activities surrounding the actual music
itself and it's also a way for them to
kind of keep alive the traditional
Colombian rhythms and a lot of the
heritage that comes with the native
population here they were also saying
that coming to these projects and
supporting them is really helping the
locals because they've been on this land
for 500 years yeah a lot of the new
developments and people coming in or
pushing them out of their land and it's
all getting gentrified so they really
need support and help to preserve what
they've got here and also to protect
their lands so this is yeah what an
amazing project what have you got there
it's called a happy drum but we just
find these to support the great cause
here and the people who work here yeah
I'm just fascinated by Columbia's just
the
[Music]
next today we have just driven along the
coast to a special place called - - MO
and I think this is basically some kind
of volcanic mound behind me they say
it's a volcano I don't know if it's
actually a volcano but erm it's pulling
mud from two and a half thousand metres
below the surface up into this Mound and
we're about to go and bathe in the mud
and do some kind of cleanse this is
gonna be crazy
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
Robin no eggs come on is the man doing
the party yeah okay this is an amazing
experience
I was nice I could fall asleep in here
it's really relaxed
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
and it's also very unique experience
like I've never felt anything like this
in my life so if you're into
experiencing new unique things this is
definitely
[Music]
we're all washed off ready to head to
dinner by the hotel's a shower but
mudding is unbelievable it's
unbelievable I can't believe I haven't
done it and no one's really like
suggested for me to do it because it's
so unique highly recommend it guys it
just feels bizarre but amazing and I
feel like my skin that kills
me my skin feels refreshed
[Music]
this is just why I wanted to do after
going of that mud this is this is some
of the warmest walk see some of the
warmest water ever swam in and amazing
spot to watch the sunset
we've just had showers got changed we're
heading out to dinner now and I've
dressed up because we are also going out
salsa dancing later Rhys looking
beautiful in a polka dot dress your
dress matches their headbands
one entrance water empty okay we have
started our starter this is um eggplant
with vegetables and some kind of crispy
thing dunno what that is so good where I
got a mango juice
I got persuaded to have this local fruit
with and it's mixed in with ice it's
like a little Frappuccino you bribe what
what fruit is it or what how do you say
it
but also photo so
[Music]
right dinner has arrived we have rice
these kind of veggie fried things and
some tomato and avocado
[Music]
we've arrived a salsa bar cafe Havana
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
is the end of our first day in Colombia
it's been incredible is blown away my
expectations of this place which was
already pretty high and as live the
adventure we're now going to be yeah
launching our own trips which you guys
can book on so this is the first trip
that we're going to be doing to Colombia
we've got the whole itinerary that we're
going to be showing you over the next
few videos and you can now click a link
in the description to go and book this
trip
places are going to be booked up pretty
fast so please head over there now and
we'll let people know as soon as it's
going out and the first few places are
gonna there's gonna be like discounted
prices as well also let me know in the
comments if there's other places in the
world that you'd love us to organize
trips for you guys to do this has been
something that I've really wanted to do
for years and it hasn't been until I've
kind of stopped the kind of daily videos
and taken some time to really kind of
plan and think and strategize and build
a team and get help that I've been able
to pull this off and execute it so for
those of you that have been asking for
years if we're going to be running our
own trips finally the day has come and
it's happening and yeah I'm just so so
excited about it and yeah I hope that
you guys will come along and be a part
of this journey so yeah watch out for
the next few videos we're going to be
highlighting some other amazing places
around Colombia as well as some social
good projects that are happening and all
of this is going to be on the itinerary
that you guys could get to experience as
well so yeah I will see you next video
head over to the link now and yeah peace
out enjoy your life a little adventure
