[Music]
good morning guys and welcome to
Medellin in Colombia we're about to go
on a tour of the city including
community needs to be the most deadly
and dangerous part of this city and
maybe maybe even Colombia my name is
yogge o the city of medellin only is
divided into 16 districts we are
visiting the 13th so in our recent
history in the last 30 years this to
Munna has suffered a lot of violence we
are going to see how these people this
community has overcome the past with art
with culture with the sports with
education so we've arrived and community
team with met with this guy way he is
part of a community like a hip-hop
community where they do graffiti are and
DJing and breakdancing and rap and he's
been involved with a lot of this artwork
which has really transformed this whole
community like I said once was the most
dangerous part of the city and maybe
Colombia and now it is this hustling
bustling spot for tourists to come and
see the artwork he said there's been
enough there it was been a slow process
of social leaders in the community
really just seeing a transformation here
who's also saying this has been a really
great way to share their stories and the
history of this place and what's been
going on so this is a famous popsicle
place on the way up to the top of the
commune up
[Music]
I had the popsicle
well it's already go so M let's go
so T
oh brain freeze so I was just asking
whether the locals get annoyed with the
amount of tourists here because we've
already seen like two huge groups
obviously tourists walking in and out of
this neighborhood could be annoying but
apparently like compared to what it was
like here before where people were
living in fear apparently there's a lot
of shame around living here if you
didn't want to come here they said it's
worth the sacrifice of their privacy and
you know having tons of me blare all the
time or I guess the point of they have
now living here and also there's just so
much business that's flooded into this
area because we come here you want to
eat popsicles I'm trying to find a
coffee like there's all these amazing
places to eat so a lot the local economy
has really been boosted white and I
think that's why it's so important to
when you're when you are a tourist to go
to local places and kind of buy things
from locals because that just it's a map
a massive way for wealth distribution to
happen for us to support we're
developing countries and areas like this
and I just found out behind us this pop
famous popsicle place now on a good day
they're selling like 2,000 of these
popsicles and probably profiting like $8
per one there's like $2,000 a day which
is insane like think how cool that is
for from a place which was really really
poor like this is I think compared to
like places in Brazil I've been to like
a favela or a slum and it just seems
really alive and flourishing right now
so
this is just so good
[Music]
we are traveling up into community 13
further on these escalators and
apparently these were the first public
escalators in South America there's six
sections of them and they were completed
in 2012 and I think it was an amazing
sign of the government investing in this
area to give back after a lot of the
horrific stuff that happened here which
we're just about to learn more about but
yeah this is cool and also if you're
lazy in don't walk up steps it's also
good
[Music]
the neighborhood was ruled by the
pentagon's by the guerrilla members
there were the helicopters flying over
the neighborhood
shooting down with equality there are no
records why not official records of how
many people was killed or murdered or
kidnapped or disappear from this because
recently this year
this tape is forcing a city of managing
to declare what happened what truly
happened here in this place we're seeing
this is the Pachamama it was painted by
Chhota a local artist he's showing the
sadness and the fear and yeah the
darkness of the military operations and
all the gangs war that happened here but
at the same time if you see the eyes you
will see hope how there is hope with the
greenery with the musical note and the
color and now other we can we can tell
an organized and colorful neighborhood
and this is what we are living today a
colorful neighborhood that is overcoming
the past thanks to art thanks to color
thanks to music thanks to dancing so the
graffiti artist that painted this mural
that we just looked at and as this
incredible story behind he actually has
his studios and a coffee shop he runs
here right by the mural so we're gonna
go in taste the coffee have a little
look around this is the artist name
chosen if you want to check him out on
Instagram Chhota 13th
moto diverse yes I try this coffee oh
[Music]
that's great dude ours are behind me
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we're walking up some of these more
narrow staircases now as there's loads
of kind of like tiny narrow walkways and
passages and they describe this whole
areas kind of like mapped out like a
labyrinth it's really hard to find your
way around
[Music]
I was just talking to taro that even
though there's so many tourists here
there's such like a community feel you
can really just be all the locals and
their spirit and it's amazing there's so
much like here and color
[Music]
[Applause]
there's a lot of military here just I
guess just protecting the area and
keeping it safe gracias we've almost
reached the top of community and there's
still amazing artwork incredible stories
people performing there is no problem
that there isn't a solution with an
avocado is the answer to all the world's
problems
[Music]
guys look at this puppy I bound
okay she later puffy go ahead and now
we're going to his house yeah
ways house which is like the cultural
artists house sit and he said we're
gonna like I think we're gonna like
dance and do graffiti I don't know
[Music]
just arrived at this cultural center and
artists conscious enough
this is a public shop where different
artists part of it can put their like
similar things in their merger like
different other stuff it's good message
way who's been our tour guide today
works out of here they do kind of
training they do music dance workshops
art workshops everything and they're
they're using this as a resource and
they fund it by using a percentage of
the money they earn like he has today
taking it on the tour so through tourism
and he gives the percentage to this
community project which then resources
him and other artists to continue their
passion and creativity and the great
work that they're doing
mi corazon siento Nastasia una estrella
census yo come on Urantia en la
distancia que se inter pony que regresar
a bien SE supone we're gonna have a go
at doing some graffiti art work now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
the door is ended
he said we hope you had fun I like it
stuff at the end he says you know the
big thing that that the big takeaway if
I can ask you to do one things just tell
more people and then he smiled he's like
whoa you guys are doing exactly that
filming so he's like Thanks
we have arrived out for dinner and med
machine it's been just such an
incredible day exploring community 14
it's just filled with with hope to see
an area like that that was notorious for
how violent it was how dangerous it was
and they've gone through this complete
renewal and just pulled together where
they had yeah just just so much horrific
stuff happen and then - I guess
transform their their whole community
there with help from the government you
know started supporting them and giving
back despite all the violent the history
and the stuff that happened there to see
people yeah just just stop start afresh
and transform where they lived it was
just just so good to see and it's so
exciting and such inspiration but other
places around the world that are
currently I guess in just horrific
circumstances - then
know that there can be this
transformation like I've said before in
the previous couple of videos this is
going to be included on the Linda
venture and FTL Oh joint trip that we're
going to be running so if you want to
come along if you want to experience
Colombia especially meta-gene and
community team click below there's
limited spaces on the trip so yeah go
check that out and I'd love to learn in
the comments below if you know of any
other areas in the world where there's
been transport transformation through
art in this similar way and I'd love to
learn about those places and possibly
visit and yeah I'll catch you next time
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
