good morning welcome back to the blog
drinking my green smoothie and we are
off to the States we're going to Trader
Joe's so I thought I would do a little
bit of a different kind of Trader Joe's
hall slash taste test we're gonna be
showing you guys what we're picking up
at the actual grocery store I may be
some sneaky behind-the-scenes grocery
haul in the store cuz they're very on
you at Trader Joe's they're like what
are you doing what do you feel I think
we're gonna do like a Trader Joe's
mukbang Q&A so all the things that we
grab that we haven't tried before
I really like some new some old things
that we love we're going to make
everything sit-down answer some
questions I'm going to ask you guys on
Instagram stories afford some questions
that you guys want us to answer while
we're eating some Trader Joe's stuff and
give you guys our thoughts on 6:00 every
evening the taste testing will be shot
in a different day but we're going to go
shopping today so let's see you guys a
two days in a little bit
alright so we just got to treat a Jose
and we're about to grab some find that
new things some good old things the
favorites and try to not get caught at
the camera because they but it always
catch boys patch me
the best cheese so good so this is our
favorite butter Kerrygold it's grass-fed
I'm gonna get unsalted for baking and
salted for just like toasted stuff this
is everything
so good we have tons of backup of this
stuff I'm gonna grab a couple for our
team
I know jaws and Kelly are gonna want
this so they're out of the cauliflower
and off.you so or no key I'm gonna get
the kale and we can do this in their
taste test and we can't forget about
miss cashew all right we got everything
a little bit more than we thought
I'm excited to go home try everything
tell you guys what we think this you
guys should buy it right probably should
all look good buy it all
so we've got food expert Nicole Gonzalez
[Music]
so it's the next day we laid out all of
our stuff that we're gonna be cooking up
and trying for our little Q&A taste test
slash mukbang video it's like all in one
I asked you guys on Instagram this
morning for some questions I said ask us
anything could be relationship real
estate health fitness whatever it is we
will answer and I actually don't know
any of the questions
Chloe behind the camera is gonna be
asking them she's gonna be pulling them
from from Instagram so anyways just some
things that we're going to be cooking we
have some vegetable pad thai this one
I'm really interested in seafood paella
paella as I say back hey-ya hey-ya
I mean they didn't have any cauliflower
no key but I've had that one before this
one was kale no key so no key no key
I always think good like no key cuz
someone told me that trick we're gonna
cook everything up all at once and this
is gonna be our lunch today I'm gonna
try not to look at the ingredients
[Applause]
[Music]
this one says please Jack fruitcakes on
a lightly greased baking sheet on
centromeric
oven okay so I can't make them in this
I'm really excited to try these just
roast it together okay put these next to
the chicken fingers
[Music]
this is just like a vlog but we're
turning it into like a mukbang I used to
say mukbang but apparently it's mukbang
and I did one of these with my mom
last year close Mother's Day yeah so we
are doing it this time or I am doing it
this time with mr. Matt and I thought
it'd be fun because we went to Trader
Joe's we picked up some new things that
we haven't gotten before you guys are
all new right yeah
everything here is new I'm excited to
try it and the fun twist so it's kind of
like a mukbang Trader Joe's taste test
but the fun twist is that we're gonna be
answering some questions we have not
seen the questions my little sis miss
Closter in the back of the camera is
gonna be she's picked up the questions
from that from the list that you guys
sent in this morning I asked you guys on
Instagram after our workout I already
try you stuff okay I guess we could
start eating okay so Chloe is gonna ask
us just to keep the conversation going
we're gonna try stuff we're gonna
hopefully try to tell you what
everything is but we'll link it all down
below so you guys have it and we also
took some close-up shots of everything
so this is broccoli no key no it's kale
kale yeah no key yeah right
no sometimes I know I'm saying is no key
so yeah never had it before we fed the
cauliflower and this is pretty good
that's right Kelly I mean there's no
sauce on it enjoy that I like butter and
yeah I'm sad they didn't have the
cauliflower one that was done um these
are chicken lists chicken fingers and we
have barbecue sauce here ketchup
this is our lunch this barbecue sauce is
made with dates yeah yeah so it's like
natural we got mmm quesadilla we got
yeah pizza mushroom like it yeah so I
did a question ask away flow I'm gonna
double down okay first question favorite
restaurants in Toronto your favorite
restaurant
um I think like I guess if we were to
say favorite we probably have to say
like Tyrone II just they have a lot of
history there oh well I've been going
there 10 years or eight years long time
lovers kind of first dates there but we
also love ramen ramen spots I would
never lie about it we love to go to
mm-hmm but tronie for Italian food
our friends used owned a restaurant
called Lisa Marie when used to love back
for brunch
yeah ition Robin for Robin and so I'm
college wife's it's really really good
but those are some good ones yeah pretty
good okay hmm it you know what came out
of the box it's kind of weird but it
smells pretty good there's two two finds
of pot type there's like the tamarind
one and like the tomato-based one I like
the tamarind
yeah that's what this is okay another
question any advice for someone who's
just starting Instagram starting in
Instagram food blogging practice I would
take this one I mean Instagram pro you
probably at a post because I never post
I felt like that no good my number one
recommendation for Instagram is show
your face
people get so shy they only share what
they're making and they don't show them
themselves and to be honest I only want
to follow counts that I can see the
person behind the account because I
always say people connect with people
not things so if you you are I don't
know into health and wellness and you're
promoting your your fitness ebook or a
course or something you want to share
like the lifestyle share why someone
should invest in you and for instance we
have an online wellness shop and you
know we just integrate those products
naturally into our blogs and stuff
because we're using them all that
I will show why they support our
lifestyle because it's eco-friendly
it's healthy it helps meal prep all
these different things so we're showing
the lifestyle instead of just selling
the product and I just think that you
need to show your face so get over it if
you're camera shy um you know you can
start slowly by showing your hands maybe
in the shot
I just think that personal connection is
really important with photos now it's
online nowadays that make sense right
people people want to follow people yeah
I always when I see accounts with no
faces I'm like come on show me your face
show me your face
what are you hiding this one here is
like an Indian like curry dish it's
paneer with thumb I remember it's like
spinach mm-hmm just nice vegetarian
there's a lot of vegetarian here oh this
is good night ooh
we had some onion or naan bread
downstairs would have been really good
with this this is I'll buy this again
mmm we should say what we'd buy again
mmm is the truffle pizza
we've got truffle flatbread okay next
question can we lose weight working out
only at home so I think this is a great
question I if you follow me on Instagram
I have been working out a lot more at
home so Matt and I both have a gym
membership and we actually just started
doing Crossfit
we're just doing like the training
sessions right now I do really like
going to a gym going to like being part
of a community being around people I
think there's a type of vibe that you
get in the class like you don't do a lot
of classes no but you're still going to
the gym with other people around you
don't you feel like that aspect helps
motivate you um like I'm pretty self
motivated with the gym which is good but
I've also been like working out quite a
long time so I go Maya and I can I can
piece together a routine but I think to
answer the question like can you can you
lose weight can you be in shape you know
at home yeah like you don't need a gym
there's a lot of amazing workouts that
are just straight up your body weight
mm-hmm
you know push-ups sit-ups things like
that you know and I always think to the
saying 80% of where's it 80% of like 80%
of like being in good shape is made in
the gym not or no in the kitchen no I
did was sudden yeah of being fit as made
in the kitchen not in the gym yeah so
really you know you can workout at home
all you want but if you don't really eat
good or clean you know yeah or Earth on
the other end you could like pay for
this expensive membership at the gym
have a personal trainer but if you're
not focusing on like what you're
actually putting into your body you're
not gonna get the results I will say if
you are very self-motivated yes I think
you can get the results at home
mm-hmm for me personally cuz you know I
can only speak for myself I think feel
free you while I'm talking for me
personally because I can only speak for
myself is that I like a mixture so
lately what I've been doing this year
that I already feel like a convincing
results and I've been telling that is
you know I'm going to the gym like so my
goal this year is to like move my body
every day it could be walking it could
be Pilates yoga or in the gym for an
intense workout whatever it is move your
body every day because they think it's
easier to do something every day than it
is like when you feel like it and I will
say that on the days where I'm like I
don't have time to go to gym I don't
feel like a really hard workout or
whatever it is I roll up my mat and it's
been doing like 25 30 minute classes
like yoga and Pilates and I've just been
doing more intense ones and I feel like
it's making a difference it's like that
that filler in between the gym and walks
with cashew and stuff like their hikes
so I personally have been adding it to
my fitness regimen but not like
replacing it but I do think like if
you're the type to be really
self-motivated have a gym and you're in
one of your rooms or have some weights
and stuff like you didn't get a killer
workout with just bodyweight exercises
it's like you can get a good sweat it's
just I like to do those intense workouts
at the gym
oh yeah I'm cross legged for long
anymore I'm wearing my what stretch you
pick up this is real good I do feel like
I'd want more spice to it but I try one
and how do
you decide to move in together PS really
love your channel thank you thank you I
think it well I don't think us like
moving in together was a like plant
really I mean you moved into the same
building I lived in but you're on a
different floor in a different apartment
so I mean like that's not moving in
together that's Isis being in the same
building a couple of floors difference
and then of course when we were
traveling and we moved to Australia we
were living in hostels I mean that's the
first time we looked together I would
say probably yeah
I mean however is it living together
there's like eight other people and
you're in a room and they each have a
separate dance right I need to know I
can't member if like in hostels how
often we slept in the same bed or in
like the separate bed like I don't even
remember anymore so I think was just
because we sleep in the same bed there
were single beds really tiny we good
yeah I'm talking about each other now we
have a king bed in the cycroid's faraway
touch man he waked up early am I you
left I didn't even know this it's a bad
so I don't think it was ever a decision
like we were just I think
the traveling and the natural
progression of things kind of got us to
live together would you say I mean yeah
that's kind of how I pictured I don't
think we ever sat down said hey we
should know I'm in together and live
together but doesn't either one of us
had an apartment yeah and we also did
things different right we didn't just
stay in the city that we lived in finish
school and then work and then get an
apartment together and sort of go down
that traditional road we moved across
the world that we traveled around and we
lived in hostels and we backpacked
through asia I almost think the living
together was like the easiest thing I
think too because we were you know
moving across the world to a new country
backpacking the last thing on our mind
was like oh what is it could be like
living
I think it was just like yeah yeah
they've all just kind of happened a long
like we both knew there's obviously
certain things that we had to get used
to but when you're living together in a
hostel it's different than living
together in a house or an apartment
you're kind of like you have other
people you don't really like I know yeah
you're all the same issues it's like you
didn't clean the dishes you didn't do
that like you didn't do the laundry so
hopefully that helps yo
quesadilla oh I was excited most about
that it did not disappoint
so I'm talking with my mouth full but
that's all right
it's a mukbang Oh God I don't know about
that stop that was really it was really
good you don't think it looks like funky
it's very oily it's not bad like I mean
like mmm well I'm thinking more if you
had it on like a bomb and more burgers
down it's a crop cake no it's it's like
a jackfruit like trying to simulate
that's what my favorite how often do you
travel and any exciting places this year
mmm definitely want to do more traveling
this year yeah so we traveled past tense
a lot I think I've been to those 40
countries I guess so like we traveled a
lot I love to travel we haven't traveled
much recently just with work and
building in the business building the
business and investing in properties and
all that fun stuff it just sort of made
it difficult to travel with trying to
establish that I personally for my I
know you Nicole did a video for a vision
board well she had her other vision
board stuff on there so on mine which
you didn't see them I had a goal this
year to hit 20 new countries so 20 and
20:20 so yes I have a lot of traveling I
want to do this year I think some like
one thing on my list for sure is to do
like I go to Kilimanjaro I like that to
summit Kilimanjaro would be cool
South Africa and Nepal to see the
Himalayas and the mountains there
Eastern Europe because I've done a lot
of Europe but to kind of go into Eastern
Europe would be fun Estonia Latvia sort
of down that route Russia Russia that's
hard to get a visa but I think I've
heard good things so many good things
about Russia I just keep going on and on
about the countries that I go to so I
have a lot that I want to try to hammer
down on this year like 20 and 20 20 is a
lot but I'm excited for it I would like
to go Bahamas yeah
Costa Rica is also my list yeah I'm
trying to say I've done a lot of
traveling in the past I've always talked
to kind of like anxiety around traveling
in plates but I feel like I wouldn't put
in my life like I was getting over it
and then kind of hit a wall for a couple
of different reasons which I'll talk
about in my anxiety video but it's just
something that I've been really working
towards like at one point when my
anxiety was it's worse I was like I
don't think I'm ever going on flying
again and I'm past that now like we've
done lots of flights we just haven't
done a lot of like big trucks like we do
do a bunch of flights like but they're
shorter and basically I'm just trying to
get past it for myself like Matt will do
who's done trips on his own to like
Japan and Korean stuff last year and as
much as I would like to be there and
support him I also don't want in him to
like not do those trips so anytime he
wants to do a trip like yeah go do it
like that's awesome I wish like I could
could do that as well but like I almost
dropped that oh I call my shirt it's
something that makes me uncomfortable
but also I don't want that to be the
reason why I don't do
because I truly do love to travel it's
just my anxiety sometimes it's the
better half of me so but I think it's
what also is like I'm just trying to
like push past it this year yeah you
know so and I'm feeling pretty good
so yeah okay up the of the 20 that I do
this year a good portion of them will be
do something with Nicole I mean we got
so more fun to travel I'm fine to travel
with yeah yeah I've done a lot of solo
travel but it's better with someone to
enjoy it with I mean yeah so hopefully
we'll just Bahamas will be a new one I
haven't been done we have been to yet so
I just want to travel more I don't even
care where does it just want travel more
I wanna do a beach vacation any
recommendations leaving even down below
where you know oh so what I already know
what items I I look this I just add more
spice to it mm-hmm
I think probably if we were eating this
not here we put a little sriracha ball
or whatever in about the pie I don't
think I'd buy it again yes I would buy
gonna I'm gonna how much sugars in that
so it's very sweet this I think this I
think I kept again it's good like we're
doing like a good night I would probably
get one two three four five baggage six
things again really it's just those two
to them he's up our better I know I mean
them like their apartment
nope I'm not bad but I just like to
close by one tomorrow
on to the next one what are your
thoughts on debt any tips you guys can
share to resolve it quicker debt debt
okay I'll start both she has her mouth
full so when it comes to debt my belief
and I think a lot of other people as
well is like there's two kinds of debt
like there's good debt that you're using
to invest in something where you're
making a higher return than what you're
paying then there's bad debt which is
money that you're using and blowing it
on you know crap you don't need right
mm-hmm so good debt I'm I believe in I
think it's a great way to build wealth
so an example would be us investing in
real estate by us getting mortgages
that's a debt but because we're
purchasing a property that's building
you know equity and it's getting paid
down by renters and we're getting cash
flow from our tenants mean to me that's
good that words like sure on the if
you're looking at your your net worth or
your balance sheet I mean that's a debt
but because it's the value that we're
getting from that debt is significantly
more than the debt itself I mean yeah I
don't that's man yeah I do that all day
long
uh-huh bad dead you know if you're
getting into debt because you're buying
you know clothes shoes things that you
don't need then I mean my advice would
be to to you know try to rein in your
expenses try to keep a budget he's
probably one of the first steps for
anyone who's trying to knocking your
spending track your spending see where
your money's going out I mean if you
don't know like especially now in the
world of plastic and all that other
stuff it's very easy to spend money and
not know where the money's going
necessarily I mean you walk you tap you
know before you know it at the end of
the month you've spent hundreds of
dollars more that you didn't like no sir
even through services like skip the
dishes or uber like they're
automatically debited from your account
when you use them so you kind of forget
like until you look at the end the month
oh my like I used I spent this much on
uber rides mm-hmm you know cuz it's not
like where you take a cab you pay each
time so I find that's always really
surprising to me yeah so I think for
tips to help reduce your debt and kind
of get that cleaned up the first thing
is to know where your money is going so
it's definitely like do your budget and
track your money so you know where
you're spending money and look for
opportunities to save I mean if you're
spending a lot of money eating out and
stuff well maybe you need to cut that
back for a few months and take that
extra money that you'd spend there and
use that to pay down debt the next step
in my mind is always to look at your you
know the highest interest rate death so
like the credit card where you're paying
19 percent as opposed to maybe a student
loan that you have where it's three
percent interest to four percent well
it's better to pay down a credit card
first because the cost of that money
being there is a lot higher so try to
get those paid down quick just a couple
of quick tips there we could definitely
do a whole video on I got something to
request in the comments for videos about
finances and saving money and all that
stuff
and I feel like we have a really good
like angle from it because neither one
of us like came from money I always say
this like the wealth that we've built is
like purely from hardwork strategy you
can yeah iteration learning so I feel
like the tips and the skills that we
used can be applied to almost anybody so
for sure so it's not like you know what
your words that yeah you want more
in-depth stuff let us know what we can
we can definitely do it but just a
couple of quick things I think for for
now for this video money money talks
with math yeah
I'm starting it full so how do you think
you will balance future kids and you're
very busy lifestyle
I don't know probably at first poorly
yeah and then like you'll cry
yeah I'll have a lot of lat/long crime
nights no I think I think like well I
mean person I don't know I think we'll
be able to handle it pretty well I think
we're a pretty good team
right yeah stuff that I mean yeah
there's something you're good at that
I'm not good at and stuff that I'm good
at that you're not going to add and in
general we we kind of acknowledge that
and we play to our strengths and you
know I think one thing that we're good
at too is we work together which is
important so I think that'll be a big
benefit we have kids where we're not
really into a thing we're not really
into it where you know you're just
covering whatever you're covering and
I'm doing whatever I'm doing and you
know there's no kind of cross it's you
work as one to try to be the best
version of ourselves okay anyways we we
are very independent but we also work
really great together and I think that's
why what makes our relationship so
strong - ooh that's good go don't you
gotta beat that down down see cashew has
definitely been a good warm-up for kids
I think because in the beginning it was
definitely there was a lot right you
have this like little puppy that doesn't
know anything you have to train it you
have to be watching them all the time
you're sleep-deprived posters in the
puppy out for peas all the time and now
it's just easy now she's just part of
our life and I always look at each other
and think how did we live without cashew
before I have no I like our life was not
complete yeah I had a hole in my heart I
didn't know yeah she that's QT yeah so
to go back to the question at hand
I think oh ho you don't it'll take some
adjusting it'll take some figuring out
I'm sure definitely need help what a
family and stuff like I'm totally okay
with like getting like hiring help and
stuff I think the type of job I do it's
not like I can just be like peace out
for a year I'm going on that lead like I
ideally would want to be able to take a
few months away but I'm still gonna be
working so my thing I think both of our
thing has always been we wanted to wait
until we were financially secure before
we have kids
yeah it's mr. Madison abut health and
wellness is you more passionate no I
think I'm passionate in my own way I
mean for me cooking and the recipes and
kind of bad stuff is not my not my
passion it's so stressed oh I just for
me eating is just any cheat because I
need to live
so I'll just I'll eat but I know a lot
of people are like that yeah but I'm not
a foodie like it when we were first
together and I was in universe again I
literally ate the same thing for lunch
and dinner chicken breast a chicken
breast vegetables and quinoa
a that every day for lunch and dinner so
probably like three years two or three
years so depressing to me it was just it
was a it was clean it was healthy it was
easy to bulk you know make at the time I
was you were male proper and when I met
you yeah I was doing all that so yes I'm
very passionate about it I feel better
when I'm in good shape you know mentally
there's so many benefits to it so I'd
say yeah just in different ways I enjoy
the gym I enjoy different types of
workouts than Nicole but you know I do
like to eat healthy I also have a you
know some bad habits
now snacking I snack too much too much
nagging but too much trying to try this
2020s trying to cut it down cut it back
so yeah when I met Matt and he was like
part of a running club you were going to
kick boxing like twice a day
rock climbing like that and you've
always kept up with like being active
but I think you know everyone goes
through ups and downs and stuff and we
both have had earned down so we just
felt a little bit less motivated but I
feel like this year glass yours down
yeah sure just work a lot I'm not eating
eating out a lot like and anyway we
didn't feel our guys know and like this
year we started that you're really good
would you get your pup the friend make a
furry friend how do you wonder brother
sister I think yes just not right now I
think we'd probably wait probably when
she's like 3 or 4 maybe a couple of
years ago I guess it would depend to if
we have a kid in that time period that
might change you might not want to be
like getting a puppy when you have a
newborn that's a lot yeah
so yes I think we I like dogs we like my
parents I've always had three out of
time pretty much always so you know big
big dog person so yeah I would
definitely listen it's good for them to
have a friend to play with and to run
around with you maybe try to figure the
park we're all like this can you just
look at her yeah this is cashew like I
don't know what we did to deserve a dog
like this but like she's so chill we won
the dog lottery did we did treat it like
we did I mean I I trained her but not
not a dog whisperer it's really good
yeah well that's a I could see myself
with two dogs yeah for sure but not a
whole letter just maybe I'm getting full
how did you say I went to leave your
nine to five job to pursue full-time
YouTube full-time so leaving my
nine-to-five is probably one of the
hardest things decisions I had to make
but when the time came
it was pretty easy because I was kind of
it's like a bittersweet situation so I
feel like before I actually left my
marketing job we had but at least a year
before yeah it was always in the back of
my mind like I knew one thing was gonna
have to give and it wasn't gonna be the
side business that I was spending years
on building and eventually just got too
busy but what was kind of like the
universe doing its you know magic does
it I just believe everything happens for
a reason but my contract I ended up
coming to an end where I was working and
they were doing some like shifting and
the organization and stuff and anyways
my contract ended and it was kind of one
of those like yeah I was sad because no
one likes to be told like okay your
contract is ending like it's not a good
feeling but at the same time it was what
I think I needed to happen in order for
me to have the guts to be like all right
I'm like I could have left there and
started looking for another job
but I did it I was like I'm taking this
as a sign to pursue health that
nutrition full-time like Matt was and
stills were canvassing Joe like he has a
full-time salary job which makes it does
make it easier like if you're a single
person it is scary you know you I would
recommend maybe having like a savings to
support you and have like a plan like I
assure cannot if I can't make this much
each month that's gonna cover my
expenses have a plan like by this point
I'll start looking for another job and
it does not mean defeat or failure
because that was my biggest thing it's
like what if I leave and then comes come
a couple months down the road like
people are gonna ask me
oh look did it not you know so if you
like so many people like you think
they're rooting for you but they're
really just like Oh is she gonna feel ya
know people see something HAP happy
happening to someone I feel like it's
just like human nature to be like oh see
you should just stayed with that stable
job 95 corporate world you guys know
this but when
got reached a chief from penguin about
writing a cookbook it was right after I
had my contract had ended with this
company and that to me was like yeah
things happening for a reason and I
never would have had time to write a
cookbook with my full-time job so I just
kind of took that as like yes I'm on the
right path I'm doing the right thing and
I never looked that I think there was
like one at one point I thought like we
you know I was just having like cold
feet
what are your favorite pot snacks like
something you buy Oh smart sweets I love
salt and vinegar chips yeah you're like
mitts Vicki something here chips yeah
smart sweet oh that's so delicious
salted caramel what is it salted caramel
or cashew a cluster ice cream oh it's
better than the real deal it's so good
yeah it's dead man I have too many to
list
mint chocolate chip ice cream for ice
cream cuz I'm not the biggest sweet
tooth but definitely like mint chocolate
chip ice cream I try not to eat many of
them but Doritos are obviously amazing
I've kind of tried to or two now
well now I'm trying to shift more
because i snack more than I should
it's like smart pop popcorn because you
know at least you kind of get that
snacking but it's not as bad or the rice
like the rice cake likes a little rice
you know the pop chips or the like
Quaker with the Quaker mini mini right
oh yeah those I just I don't want red
licorice Australian soft bread licorice
for me so much just yeah it's all the
bad things that she just said we tried
to avoid yeah that's a snacker I love
bread thick no it's just so good I don't
know next level so I don't know about
you but I'm really full yeah it was good
good job mr. trader Joe I was so much
funny answer all your questions thanks
for sending them over Emily it
them if you had a similar question and
if you guys aren't already subscribed to
the channel it's free click that red
subscribe button down below I would post
every single week I got videos on
Wednesday that's like morning routines
wedding in today's grocery hauls recipes
and then every Friday we have just like
more behind the scenes in our life today
is you know a little bit different we
did instead of just doing like our
traditional like come shop with us at
trade shows we want to just do a little
bit more of a chatty one and Matt is
usually in all the vlogs that's yeah
they see more than more mr. Matt on the
ice and just check out the blogs there's
a playlist link down below where you can
catch up on all of them if this is the
first video that you're watching okay so
it's gonna be it for today's video I'm
probably gonna be a long one but thank
you so much for watching we will see you
guys in the next one or at least I will
and maybe miss Kashuk because she's in a
lot of the block okay bye guys
[Music]
