[Music]
[Music]
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez
[Music]
[Music]
so I'm trying out this hazelnut milk
that I got it was a little bit more
expensive but it's just made with
hazelnuts and water and I just had a
taste of it just straight and it's so
good so it's on sale so I thought I
would try it I'm gonna just see how it
tastes in my morning horrible coffee all
[ __ ] up
looks so good all right a little taste
test oh yeah that's delicious they have
a bunch of other flavors too and you
have cashews they have almonds I think
oat milk but I just thought since it was
on sale the hazelnut one would be a fun
one to try in coffee and I can confirm
it is delicious so here are the
ingredients just filtered water in
hazelnuts delicious
[Music]
you're balancing on this bottle so
play-doh bulb just got out of the shower
oh so good some rose water I'm just
going to do a really simple morning
skincare routine you guys want to know
like all the products I use and stuff I
have the blog post I will link down
below I feel like I finally have found
the products that really work for my
skin the brands and yeah I just feel
like my skin's in a good place right now
because I used to suffer it was like
really oily skin cystic acne like
congested lots of blackheads really
annoying stuff I feel like everyone goes
through that trial stage where they're
like trying all this different stuff to
see like what works for their body in
their skin sometimes I can be a long
journey so I feel like I finally have
found you know the products that are
super nourishing hydrating don't break
me out what am i doing today I probably
need some sunscreen I did not wash my
hair gonna embrace the if it looks like
I'm putting a lot of moisturizer it's
because I am mal sarbs eye cream
moisturizer yeah I'm gonna embrace the
the natural waves today I feel like I've
just been I mean I never really like to
wash my hair too much but I feel like
I've been really avoiding it and we're
just gonna go on a hike this morning so
okay let me just get my sunscreen Ben
that I also got my lip balm in the side
a lot yesterday so my lips are pretty
dry this is the best lip balm it's from
my skincare line alright use that every
day
this is the face sunscreen I love I just
tried it for the first time this year
it's from Green Beaver I'll link it down
below
it looks like it's tinted but it's not
and it just is so lightweight does not
clog my pores and it just melts right in
I love it
so I've been really adamant on wearing
sunscreen this summer and even getting
Matt to do it I'm like did you put your
face after you sunscreen on I'm sure
it's annoying to him but I'm like need
to protect your skin when I told forgot
about my coffee hazelnut milk is so good
okay so I do that and you know what I
probably should do it on like my neck I
have a body sunscreen from Green Beaver
- that I used so I'll probably put that
on - but every day I put this face
sunscreen on it's 25 SPF and if you're
using like I'm gonna follow up with a CC
cream right now if you're using the CC
cream that has SPF you still need just
SPF I think my mom even said the other
day you need about a teaspoon of SPF on
your face like that is the amount you
need apparently my mom's always right
right everyone's mom knows best okay and
but I really don't want to wear makeup
today this is just like so I can feel a
little bit put together it's really
lightweight
okay and it just like evens out your
skin okay so I have that on her body
lotion I'm just gonna put this all over
I love the stuff just soaks right in
feel like I'm starting to get a little
bit of a tan it all looks so ghostly I'm
just gonna throw on some sense or nut
sunscreen some deodorant this is also
from Beauty nut skincare it's the best
deodorant it's all natural
it smells like bergamot and lime I love
it and it just comes like a pace so it's
really easy to apply and apparently
durable doesn't break in the sink so you
just apply it like lotion it's so easy
just make sure you have clean hands just
by I just washed my hands and it like
it's not sticky I could just rub it into
my hands and I'm fine
and it just lasts all day I love it
doesn't have aluminum in it has
arrowroot powder which really helps soak
up moisture and I just I cannot
recommend this enough we sell out every
time movie stock so we're working on a
restock right now that in the lip butter
or like the two top best sellers
okay I'm gonna finish um doing my makeup
getting ready and I'll see you guys in a
little bit I think we're gonna try to
have a quick breakfast before we go for
a hike either smoothie or sourdough and
eggs anyways I'll see you guys a bit
also one thing I do every time I'm done
getting ready in the morning just to
help keep the bathroom clean because I
feel like it gets really gross is I just
take my all-purpose cleaner because I'm
usually the last one getting ready
between night-night so to spray down
just give
everything a good wife also too because
this is the main bathroom not that we
have a ton of guests over right now but
I feel like it's the one everyone sees
so I just like to keep it nice and clean
and disinfected then I also like to fill
up my diffuser in here we do this every
day and then I'm just gonna take some
lemon oil this is really good it helps
clean the air really great for
deodorizing bathrooms and I basically
use I either use like citrus crush which
is just a blend of citrus oils or just
straight-up lemon and eucalyptus or just
lemon by itself it just looks nice to
have the bathroom counter clean first
thing in the day I will also link the
all-purpose cleaner that I use it's just
won by thieves which is the same as that
hand wash ends up being I buy it in the
concentrate formula ends up being like
99 cents per bottle I just mix it with
water and you can add extra such oils if
you like but it is the best all-purpose
cleaner I love it it's non-toxic it's
safe for all surfaces and yeah I'll link
that down below so I actually decided on
a green smoothie for breakfast since we
want to hit the road and go for a hike
before it gets too busy so I just kind
of laid out my ingredients I get a lot
of questions on what goes in my smoothie
I have lots of greens I usually do about
to keeping handfuls of just greens
spinach or kale cucumber for free I put
it in a bowl just so you can see I don't
put a ton of fruit in my smoothies this
is probably only a cup and a half but
it's for Matt and I I have a mixture of
frozen pineapple mango and only half of
a ripe banana under there I like using
frozen fruit because it makes it really
creamy and make sure your fruit is ripe
so adds a nice sweetness to it I have
some ice I actually love this little ice
holder has a lid we actually sell it on
the health nut shop it just makes it so
your ice stays nice and fresh I also I
might put a little bit lemon I have the
other half of my lemon add some lemon
water this morning I'm a little bit of
ginger ginger and pineapple are so good
for digestion I protein I'm just been
using up I have these packages but you
can buy them in tubs to the raw organic
vanilla protein from garden of life love
that I always add a
/ this is just golden flax sometimes
they'll grind it up and use it for other
stuff but if you have a powerful blender
you can just use the whole you know some
peanut butter unsweetened oat milk a
little cinnamon for sugar balancing and
then collagen I usually just use their
plain this one is just the Greens one it
just has like wheatgrass berlina kale
and some other added greens in there so
I'm going to just pop this all into my
blender and blend it all up and it's
gonna be like the easiest five-minute
breakfast recipe
[Music]
I forgot I also want to add in some
sheep yogurt just trying to use up the
last little bit of this I'm I really
love sheep yogurt in my smoothies lately
also sheep yogurt is a little bit more
easier to digest than regular yogurt if
you have trouble with dairy
[Music]
[Applause]
so creamy is so refreshing this has been
like my go-to blend right now it's kind
of a take on my pineapple green dream
smoothie from the blog but just a few
different editions because I feel like
my smoothie is changing every day every
week depending on what ingredients I
have and kind of what I'm craving if you
guys also want like a free really easy
template on how to make whatever green
smoothie that you want you just want
like the like the proper measurements
and different categories to make sure to
add like five or protein all of that I
have a free how to make the perfect
green smoothie download I'll link that
down below I get a lot of questions like
I said about what goes in my smoothie so
that's just a helpful guide that I
created for you guys to have at home and
for breakfast when you're making your
you're blending up your own smoothies
you go mister minute right here please
test good as a good one I yeah last on
my to-do list before we head out is to
feed my new addition to the family
can you guess what this is let me open
it up and show you its sourdough starter
okay I have to smell it so I got this
from jazz from nourishment kitchen
yesterday we went up to their cottage
for the day
she has been on a sourdough making train
with everyone else and she's inspired me
to make sourdough myself so basically
she fed it yesterday apparently I need
to feed it today so I need to smell it
okay show me to smell it so I know what
it smells like when it needs to be fed
so it's definitely a little a little
sour smelling and let me show you it the
bag of bread flour I bought from a
health food store like this when did we
buy it Matt like a month ago maybe too
much yeah month month and a half ago I
told Matt I'm gonna be making sourdough
bread and then I just like never did it
because I didn't have starter and I was
like I don't know if I have the patience
to do that so let me show you this big
bag of flour that I got it because I
don't know I thought I just needed a ton
so I'm gonna open it up maybe put some
in a jar and then just feed it and then
probably try to attempt making
sourdough I don't know next week so I
just gotta like feed it every day jazz
says it's kind of like a houseplant so
you just got to take care of it and keep
it alive but this is like a really good
starter so thank you jazz I'm gonna take
care of it and make the most delicious
sourdough bread also I'll show you she
gave us she sent us home with some
sourdough bread yesterday we're gonna
have it for lunch I'll show you guys
what it looks like when we eat it it's
the pretty I think it's like her best
yet so she outdid herself but this is
what my bread flour looks like from here
oh sure okay this is hunter ten
kilograms of organic all-purpose flour
so I'm not gonna run out and yeah I'm
gonna open her up
put some in maybe just like a smaller
mason jar so it's a little bit easier to
handle
and then I don't have to get Matt to lug
this out from the basement every time I
need to feed the starter but I'm excited
to get started with my sourdough bread
making journey comment down below if you
made sourdough this these last couple of
months and if you are a avid Baker
please give me your tips so I went ahead
and I transferred my flour into just a
wide mouth mason jar I might even
transfer it into a larger container
eventually but she said just do like a
heaping tablespoon hopefully that's not
too much and then just a little bit of
water so it's basically like a
tablespoon of each I'm just eyeballing
it cuz that's what jazz does oh wait and
I'm not supposed to use a metal spoon
I'm just gonna use a chopstick mix mix
mix from my understanding I think you
kind of want to look like the
consistency of pancake batter that's
what I'm going on anyways mix that
through and then I'm gonna pop the lid
on but leave it a little bit cracked so
that the air bubbles can escape because
this is a live product it's fermenting
so there's gonna be gases that come off
of it
you just gotta feed it every day to get
the lid on and he's just gonna live
right in that corner there next to the
fruit bowl I am dressed ready for the
hike keep talking about hi
never an upgoing no we always like wake
up in the morning look we're gonna go on
a hike first morning and then you just
get caught up doing things like I threw
in laundry this morning clean the
bathroom although I do that like every
morning did the sourdough starter
smoothie you know just little things
they pile up especially on a Sunday
morning when you just like feel like you
want to get so many things done but you
also want to relax it's just yeah
called my mom this morning since she
just got she's back at work now so
things are bit crazy so I think we might
head there later for like an evening
barbecue just go see the family say hi I
feel like I haven't talked to her in a
couple of days okay she was so tired so
I think I mentioned like we went to our
friend
Jazz's cottage well it's her house but I
call it cottage I yesterday went for the
entire day and her dog otter and cashew
were like best of friends and they were
playing non-stop she's so tired right
now
I don't even think she wants to go for a
hike let me show you um catch me one
before hike tails Waggin hike she's so
sleepy we'll just go on a little hike
okay not too much running this is really
hard with
go great costume got my butter is in the
car
[Music]
[Music]
so I've said it before I'll say it again
weekend hikes are like one of our
favorite activities yes it's probably
the thing that has kept me the most sane
while having to stay at home and isolate
but it's just so good for the soul and
like this park has been what closed for
three months now
- - it feels like a long time so we're
just getting back into a routine and if
it wasn't nature hikes I was just like
doing hikes around like like
neighborhood the neighborhood and stuff
yeah it's just so nice oh and it's a
little cool so this is a good time to go
when there aren't too many mosquitoes
yeah yeah she loves it like she is a
good dog because she gets a good height
like good hikes good walks good exercise
if you have a hyperactive dog just get
them some exercise it's good for you
it's good for your dog do me I'm skin
tight do it do it best way to start the
day
[Music]
[Music]
so for lunch I have this gorgeous garden
salad there's shredded carrots cucumber
tomatoes red pepper mixed greens some
cabbage and I'm just gonna put a simple
balsamic vinaigrette and then over here
like look at this gorgeous homemade
sourdough loaf it does not get any
better than this
I am is so grateful thank you so much
jazz for baking us this loaf to take
home look at the beautiful design or the
scoring she did it looks so pretty I
don't want to cut into this little baby
sourdough but I want to eat it so I'm
gonna slice it up and then probably
toast it and we actually have some
avocado that I think I'm going to mash
on top so we're gonna have that with the
salad and maybe a little bit of fruit on
the side I got the bread on a cutting
board got my bread knife
[Music]
I'm also just slicing up these beautiful
Ontario strawberries I picked up the
other day I washed some blueberries I'm
just gonna do like a really simple fruit
salad I have some golden Kiwis and then
I got my compost right there so I'm just
gonna make that for a little dessert and
cuz I'm craving lots of fresh fruit and
I'll show you guys what it looks like
when it's all done so this is the
completed fruit salad I ended up adding
in some mango that I had to use up Oh
toast is ready
as well as some red seedless grapes I
just cut in half and I'm keeping it
really simple I'm not going to do any
like orange juice or mint in here but
that is an option too if you want but
I'm getting pretty hungry so I'm gonna
put the avocado on the sourdough bread
so we can eat this delicious lunch I
just smashed up the avocado with a
little bit of salt black pepper and
garlic powder
[Music]
very rustic style
here's everything put together this is
like my ideal kind of lunch I like
eating like little bits of everything so
that salad fruit salad and avocado
chokes
how's that toast
I could hear just the crunch so good Oh
what else you adding everything but the
bagel seasoning that's just good I was
gonna add that I just did chili flakes
always adding all the flavors nuts like
the more flavor the better I like simple
with like pops of flavor but that
stuff's really good oh I'm gonna have a
table yet so side table it is let me
show you that garden it's the riving
this these are collard greens that we
can start taking and adding to soups
the kales killing it these are red
cabbage tomatoes are doing good honestly
everything was doing really good so
we're gonna have to start actually
pulling stuff up I shared this on
Instagram the other day but it where is
it oh I should have added them to salad
there's one radishes a huge radish yeah
maybe I'll take some stuff today to my
mom's for dinner we can add it to a
salad but it's looking so good I'm so
proud of it and now we can actually
start eating it our herb garden is doing
really good look at the sage the Dill's
taking over um this guy planted a little
bit later it's a Thai basil a lot of
people have said I should take the mint
out yeah I don't know I might just leave
it and see if it takes over I don't know
but I think everything's doing really
really good the salad is so good
Geordi beeps or something
Thank You cabana boy thank you
right I changed put some pants on
I'm also snacking on snacking on these
guys there are the honey wheat braids
from your brother's pretty good look
like nice crunchy snack I'm like you
can't tell and I can yell brothers I
think they were on sale or something I
got all the kinds of regular pretzel
rods these cheese puffs are like so good
who says you can't have healthy junk
food when you're older so I'm just
taking these for the road we're gonna
head over to my aunt's to drop something
off and then head over to my parents
we're just packing up and we got her
food and a stash sure babe I got beyond
meat burgers because they think they're
having salmon tonight which I'm not
really feeling like fish should just
head fish last night so I'm gonna throw
some burrs on the barbecue hmm okay
cashew great spot you're right in the
shot I am back at home actually I didn't
I forgot to vlog at my parents we had a
really nice barbecue I had some of those
beyond meat burgers I think I shared
them and then we had some grilled
pineapple which was so good and my mom
made a big salad and then Oh some of
this like coconut brown rice it was
really yummy so I'm just back at home I
started to watch a movie with my mom
it's on Disney Plus it's called Artemis
Fowl failure I think it was really
really good so I'm probably gonna finish
watching that now I just I was kind of
falling asleep on the couch and Matt was
leaving because he had to go finish
packing some orders for the shop cuz uh
we're getting them delivered tomorrow
morning so anyways he want to come home
early and they're like oh like we can
come pick you up later if you still want
to finish the movie but I don't know
about you guys sometimes like I just
want to fall like if I fall asleep
watching a movie it's I don't I'm
getting up and then having to travel
home and then fall asleep again can
sometimes be like not annoying but you
just never get the best sleep the second
time around so I was like you know what
I'm already falling asleep I think just
yesterday and today
just like lots of Sun I just started
making me tired so I thought you know
I'll just go home and I'll finish
watching it here and I have a little
snack I got some more I have some more
of that fruit salad that I made for
lunch so good it's gonna have that and
then I also just brewed some camomile
citroen citrus tea it's from my tea leaf
it's really good I like this one so I'm
gonna have that and Matt is just
downstairs so it's just cashew and i
cashew yeah shoot we're filming that's
rude - you um she's really getting in
there I don't know if I should stop the
camera or Pete Brolin - you okay I'm
glad she came out for air but I'm gonna
have me fruit salad drink my tea and
just watch a little Disney Plus maybe a
little YouTube is what's on my glasses
oh is that there the whole time piece of
Kleenex I was cleaning my glasses
earlier oh my god yeah
all right anyways uh yeah I think that's
time for me to go and just have a nice
relaxing cozy night in so I hope you
guys had a good day today thank you so
much for watching as always question of
the day today leave me a comment down
below what is your favorite thing about
Sundays I would love to know like I said
I was trying to do like a mixture of
relaxation and productivity
sometimes it works out sometimes it
doesn't but I feel like today was a good
mix so I hope you guys have a wonderful
day
I'm gonna finish shooting this beautiful
collection of fruit and cashew and I are
just gonna chill and have an awesome
night so Matt will join us in a little
bit he's just finishing up some stuff
downstairs for the shop so we can get
some orders out for you guys this week
and I will see you guys in the next vlog
that guy's so back on shoes goodbye
you
[Music]
