my feet
[Music]
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez here
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's not for you cashew good morning a
vlog family we were in the car it's
early I got miss Chloe mr. bent and
we are going downtown today we have the
first official health nut wellness
retreat at why yoga and I am soaked
best day ever so we're just heading down
we got the car very full of stuff so got
some help if I get there to like to pack
everything but I just want to say good
morning and I'm gonna chuck this my
stomach is growling but yeah we're gonna
do some yoga meditation we're going to
eat some yummy snacks just a book
signing I get to hug all of you guys I'm
just
days like this makes me so excited and I
just love being around all of you guys
and it's like a big party and I don't
know these things are always better than
my birthday party so I'm excited and
I'll see you guys in a bit
so we just got to find yoga jazz is here
and Kaleigh got the health nut gene and
we're just gonna show them the studio
because they actually haven't been here
before and and it's such a big room it's
gonna be perfect for the event look huh
this is bigger than our house oh my god
so cute this looks I love the fresh
fruit very breakfast see yeah I thought
at least has been a morning
[Music]
so I'd assigned all 50 books we're gonna
place them on everyone's mat
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right I've done it outfit change I
was wearing like a white shirt before it
I thought I would wear this instead it's
a little bit more flowy we are just
sitting up I think there's people
already arriving which is those we got
Connor here Connie Wesley hi
photographer extraordinaire whoa
cluster with her camera
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
heartbeat exhale
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
on your next inhale
we pull that current back up the other
arms into the sides
[Music]
[Music]
okay so we just finished our yoga and
meditation we're doing some photos what
was your name again
the news channe Tanisha I saw you had
the house mouth water bottle yes and
look matching bracelet I love it these
were sold out right now yeah they don't
like backorder for a long time where did
you enjoy the yeah so we're just going
to take some photos and then I'm very
focused
yeah that's a-- did you have like a foot
up a book before i don't try it you this
is that oh like at the blog it up which
one is your favorite
okay old banana bread my kids love it a
chocolate egg i thank you for myself
like you don't keep in mind everything
and it is going super chocolaty ups are
waiting for yeah i know i feel like you
have to trust the chips okay take a
photo
[Music]
[Music]
so we're dissing the Tea Lounge and I
got my friends here all these coming and
supporting just here for the free booze
yeah I'll give you an autograph ok so
everyone's just having some snacks did
you enjoy my broken Portuguese
this looks so gorgeous what's the best
dip have you guys tried any of it yet
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah we're ready hey go hey bye Matt's
in the elevator takes a while
Wow somebody doesn't get stacked don't
say that we'll pull you out that's
that's like my worst nightmare right
there like just in a box right there
wall bye y'all
when do you start to see the like
halfway so there was like no snow when
we first got here look at it now hello
Canadian winter it's okay though we're
gonna warm up with some ramen and
because I feel like all I had was some
carrot sticks and blueberries and I'm
still hungry little team ramen this is a
Connors first time having ramen yeah
getting ready for Japan yeah we karate
[Music]
[Music]
so there you have it that was the
wrap-up of the first and official Health
Net wellness retreat I would definitely
love to do more of these in this year so
stay tuned the best way to be up-to-date
on any events that are happening is to
follow our newsletter a link will be
down below it's totally free we don't
bombard you just when you sign up make
sure you mark it as not spam so it
doesn't fall into your spam box so you
actually see it when we send out an
email and that's the best part
spot to get any updates any new products
any events whatever it's on the
newsletters so definitely sign up that's
like our VIP health nut VM they they
always they're the first ones to know
about everything so you guys enjoy not
and thanks again for watching and
supporting your support means so much to
Matt and I and the health nut team and
we wouldn't be able to do events like
this without you guys so it was really
cool that we sold out and we had a
really nice group of 50 people
very cozy I'd like 50 was like the max
so it was a little cozy in there but it
was such an awesome time and party and I
can't wait to do the next one so thank
you so much have a fabulous day do you
guys want more vlogs a link will be down
below for a whole playlist we vlog every
single week so there's a new one on this
channel every single Friday I will see
you in my next one have a fabulous day
bye guys
[Music]
[Music]
