[Music]
[Music]
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez here
[Music]
hello help nuts welcome back to the vlog
today we cashews ready passed me on
today is so sunny and gorgeous it's like
20 degrees which is really hot
I think it's our first I caught a stay
yet just finished having lunch actually
we've been filming all morning for some
other stuff just smashed some sweets
pack because that's delicious
and we're actually gonna be doing some
work outside so we just got like a ton
of dirt delivered this morning on our
driveway or on the grass and we actually
needed it for one of our large or large
we have two garden beds in the back that
we got custom-made by this amazing local
carpenter I'll try it I know a bunch of
people asked me already on Instagram who
like who the company was I think Matt
just said he found him online like I
don't know if those through Facebook or
Kijiji but um yeah it's not like an
official company but he's just a
carpenter that was like selling
custom-made garden beds so I'll try to
see if I can find like his link or
something and link it down below I'm
gonna put this down cuz my thumb's
tanked so this is actually gonna be
mighty Matt's first official year
gardening by ourselves besides like a
flower bed in the front that totally
died and I have to redo we are gonna be
growing some vegetables so I have
already planted a herb garden I did that
just last week and I was gonna do the
vegetables but I was worried that there
might be like one more frost coming in
so we waited and we are doing it today
so the other thing we needed was some
more dirt so because we have some really
good quality soil that we're gonna put
on the top half of the garden bed for
the vegetables to like soak up but it's
a pretty deep garden bed so it would be
really expensive for us to like get
individual bags to fill them up so we
actually just got like a yard of dirt I
don't know if that's like the right
measurement a yard is that is that a
weight measurement or just like a
distance I don't know so we got a huge
load of dirt delivered to our home this
morning which is pretty great and it was
so inexpensive
as opposed to like getting them
delivered in one big bag and then you
don't have to worry about disposing of
the bag this is just a little bit more
eco friendly so we got that dropped off
so we're gonna basically by we I mean
mr. Matt
I'm just gonna use the wheelbarrow to
basically lug it in the backyard to fill
up our garden bed and then we're gonna
plant our veggies so let's go in the
back and check out the plants also I
love this hi everyone was making fun of
me last year for buying a hatless or a
topless hat and I loved it it keeps me
cool but it also protects my face from
the Sun so it's so sunny oh yeah I got
mr. Matt here hello sir
so basically we have this garden bed
it's 8 by 3 and I think 2 feet deep
ok so we're gonna fill that up and then
we're gonna put our pro-mix soil I'm
actually I've been working with them
doing some Instagram stuff and I
actually use them last year so pretty
awesome to be working with them they're
like all organic really high-quality
soil so we're gonna put that good stuff
on the top but this soil that we got for
the bottom is like a triple was it
called triple mix so it's like compost
manure and soil so it's apparently
really good for vegetables so that's
what we're gonna lay down got the
wheelbarrow which I just found out it's
not wheel barrel it's will bore oh did
you know that wheelbarrow Oh barrow I
say I still don't know barrel no it's
not barrel hey Chloe
alright so let me show you what's
happening here so this is the other oh
you can see my shadow in my hat but yeah
this is our small garden bed that I
wanted for herb so it can be like right
next to the door I got some garlic
chives I think this is peppermint I
can't remember tarragon I'm not sure um
oregano
I should have labeled them I'm sure I
just taste them and no purple basil
we've got some sage which I love regular
basil I think this one's time for sure
and then we got some dill and maybe this
one's tarragon I don't actually know
what that is so that is what is growing
in our herb garden I also just bought
some Thai basil which I love so I might
try to like squeeze him in there my
issue is I think I'm overcrowding but
I just like to keep herbes together and
I couldn't decide because I'm indecisive
so I got them all okay so then this is
the vegetable selection that we got it
was like well there's some fruit in here
to there strawberries tomatoes these are
beets
I just thought those would be cool to
see grow this is the Thai basil this is
some purple cabbage which I wasn't gonna
get cabbage because it's kind of big for
a garden but I got lettuces
I got kales and stuff well so we have a
radish which I'm excited about so we
need to get these in to the ground like
ASAP cashew we have to put you inside
[Music]
got the dirt they also just leveled this
out of it with some planks of wood
clicking good muscle man it's deceiving
how much dirt this is gonna need yeah
it's like that was just one and it
barely dented it
[Music]
Sun is starting to go down but we're
gonna just start figuring out I guess
where we want the plants to go I don't
know if I should like group Tomatoes
next to tomatoes lettuce next to lettuce
I'm just gonna kind of space it out and
you know what we'll learn from this
experience I know I was saying we didn't
look up like the spacing and stuff I
think they might stay on the tags also I
want to order some like cute little tags
and stuff off Amazon so we can actually
write what you plant is so for now I'll
just stick the one that it came with in
the dirt and then I'll get some off
Amazon or something so they look like a
little Pinterest II
[Music]
oh I'm officially covered in dirt and
the plants are planted I mean some of
them looked a little dead coming out of
the pot but I think there's a seed in
there somewhere I'll they'll sprout up
and I made sure to leave like all the
tags
otherwise I will definitely forget what
they are there's kind of this random
space here but other than that I feel
like they're spaced all right there's
definitely more room on this side
that's like all lettuce and stuff so I
think it just looks fuller because the
little leaves so I'm gonna give
everything a good water I also have to
water that hanging one there and then
hopefully they survive overnight but you
know I think I think a few of them that
look a little sad
will come to life I think honestly the
roots on some of them were so big I
think they just needed to be planted
also something we're trying to do is to
revive some of these dead spots from
cashews peeing everywhere we've kind of
just neglected it so over time the
grasses just died so we were just like
raking it up with this tool yeah you
probably saw Matt using it and then we
put some grass seed and some fresh
topsoil on and I'm just going to give it
a bit of a water today and I'm hoping
that the bald spots grow back
I dunno what's better to water them more
when it's kind of cooling down as
opposed to just like Brighton mill the
day when it's the hottest because
otherwise they will burn so it's good to
give them a nice water at night
[Music]
that's gonna be it for today's vlog hope
you guys enjoyed behind the scenes of
creating our little garden oasis slash
backyard and fingers crossed that these
plants actually grow and yeah please
leave me your like gardening suggestions
and tips down below I would love to know
please don't criticize me too bad cuz
I'm new at this and really it's just
like about like experimenting having fun
and watching things grow I think isn't
we really like entertaining over the
summer just to like speak on them in the
morning seeing if there's anything like
new sprouting and just keeping my little
plant babies alive so thank you so much
for watching guys please subscribe if
you aren't already hit that red
subscribe button I give this video a
thumbs up and also a comment of the day
today are you gardening this spring
/summer
I would love to know and what are you
most excited to plant I'm really excited
about the radish the beets and the
Brussels sprouts
those are going to be cool so thank you
so much for watching guys have a
fabulous day and I'll talk to you soon
bye I'm like watching log back
[Music]
