[Music]
hey haul nuts welcome back to my channel
my name is Nicole and today I'm very
excited because if you can see behind me
my fridge is so disorganized it's messy
it's it's embarrassing I know you guys
saw my what's in my fridge like a few
months ago that looked all clean and
pretty
reality it's not always like that and
after the holidays and recipe testing
like we had a huge recipe testing day
yesterday the fridge is a mess it is not
health nut worthy and I am wanting to
organize it because if you saw in my
2020 goals video I talked about that one
of my goals this year is to be more
organized in my life and in my business
and one of the things on my list as I've
been organizing the whole house has been
my French is beeping I have you guys are
excited for a cleaning video get ready
because I'm so excited because at the
end of this video I'm gonna have a clean
organized fridge I'm not gonna lie I
wanted to pre clean it before we start
filming and Chloe said no you gotta
leave it as is because this is the real
life so it's like when you clean before
the cleaning lady comes out of how clean
lady but like you're just embarrassed of
what the actual mess looks like that's
what's happening so let's get started
[Music]
hey this store here it's disgusting I
don't know what's happening with this
fridge but like it was collecting
moisture so I put paper towel but like
[Music]
all right time to tackle the door
[Music]
Matt's massive jar of Nando's sauce this
is why he can't be chosen at Costco this
reason exactly
[Music]
why do I have three yellow mustards no
idea
[Music]
so I got some soapy water and we're
gonna wipe all of the shelves down so
it's squeaky clean for all of our
organization shelves and trash
[Music]
oh wow
[Music]
oh it's disgusting up here oh my god so
I'm kind of freaking out right now
there's some yellow stains that are in
the back of the fridge that have been
there since we moved in and then I just
can't seem to get them out and I just
used lemon essential oil with a cloth
and they're coming out I'm freaking out
because I'm not using any bleach or
anything or any harsh chemicals just
lemon essential oil and I'll I'll get a
close-up shot this is coming out like
magic it's crazy
[Music]
so this is the door that's also really
stained I can't see if this works I'm
here to shut the hell up
keep scrubbing
are you kidding me
second eraser so now that the fridge is
clean and fresh and smells lemony
actually smells really good in here
I'm gonna figure out I bought a bunch of
these like organization containers and I
before I actually unwrap them because
you can't return them if you take the
packaging off I'm gonna see which one's
fit because I kind of just guessed when
I was at the store I didn't prefer
anything so I just grabbed a bunch I'm
gonna kind of fit them around like a you
know jigsaw puzzle and see what actually
it's gonna work in the fridge what I'm
keepin and then I'll take the labels off
clean them out and then start putting in
all the groceries that's like the worst
part the fun part is like just
destroying it and now I gotta actually
this would be really good for like my
kale and celery and stuff okay this I
want to put in that butterfly so it's
like you know you can easily move it
around this is for berries and my ginger
[Music]
so I'm going to throw in some minor
support the bottom bins here because I
don't know why but my fridge collects a
lot of water in those one of them
stopped doing it so I don't know what
happened but I got these little
absorbent pads that you put in your
fridge I think they're reusable too
which is nice so I'm just gonna plop two
of them in each one to absorb because
lately I've just been using paper towels
and I think this is going to actually do
a better job so the goal is to put all
my veggies in one bin and then all my
fruit in the other I don't technically
have a lot of fruits to put in here but
I have a lot of citrus and things like
avocados that are so fruit an intro in
there and see how that works says
otherwise it gets all mixed up and then
I don't know what is it what and yeah
try it and see how that works
[Music]
so the fridge is done it's tidy this is
probably the best my first has ever
looked in my life even better than my
what's in my fridge video so clearly I
didn't put everything back in the fridge
we have some things I have to go through
still some things are expired or just
had gone bad and some things I'm gonna
move to the downstairs fridge because
the nice thing about this new place that
we live in we actually have two fridges
so things that I just don't you like
condiments I really only use once a
month I'm gonna put downstairs hopefully
I don't forget about that but I really
only want things that I'm using on a
weekly basis in this fridge so I can
actually see what I have and it just
looks tinier and I can just figure out
what I'm gonna make for dinner a little
bit easier anyways I want to just kind
of go through it a little rundown of why
like how I organize everything and what
is happening so in this top shelf I've
had these little pop-up box Oh
containers for a bit we actually sell
these bombs shop these are great I love
them especially for smoothies oatmeal
there it's easy to grab my nuts and
seeds that I want to keep in the fridge
it just keeps them staying fresh a
little longer I also have these wide
mouth mason jars I really like these and
I get these little plastic reusable lids
because I can't stand those they like
the double layer metal one so I've been
using these for a long time and you just
throw them in the dishwasher so this is
great just to have in the back there I
really like these containers for the
berries and the ginger cuz my ginger is
always just kind of like I don't know
hanging around getting soggy but now
it's gonna be fresh up top
I have my egg container I've had this
for a long time I really like it so
that's what's happening there on this
next shelf this is what I'm very excited
about I swear on a daily basis either
Matt or I or asking come on a bubbly
from donut
you know it's sponsored by bubbly but we
love them we just got them from Costco
we also have some ZV on the back and
it's always downstairs and we drink them
every day so this is nice just to have
our own little dispenser of bubbly and
sepia and then I just have some grapes
here I think it's nice to have some
washed fruit kind of very visible in the
fridge so you can you're more likely
just to like grab it and then then over
here I just have some tiramisu that I
recipe tested yesterday I also in the
back here have these I haven't been
using them for a bit but they're like
these like savers they just make your
veggies and fruit last longer so I have
two baby carrots in here then over here
these are awesome they're stackable
silicone ziplock containers and you put
leftovers in them you can also use these
in your pantry so I just have some pasta
sauce that I made the other day over
here I just did a drawer of kind of my
jars and stuff that are open that I'm
using I got all its there and then I
have the larger Costco size of all of
his downstairs so I doesn't take up too
much room my Semak fridge but I have the
Mong hands I'm Portuguese my everyday so
in this little container
I just keep like my tofu I got my
cheese's I got my hummus I got my bacon
that kind of stuff stays there and then
I'm really excited about this lazy susan
I saw this somewhere I was watching too
many fridge organization videos on
YouTube I saw a few people on YouTube do
this and their fridge organization
videos I thought it was so clever
because you can easily just spin it
around and see all the things that you
have without having to take everything
out so I got all my nut butters cashew
butter peanut butter tahini I usually
like to have one of each because I use
them all and I love them
and then over here Archie carrots have
some of my large jars are chokes by
marinara sauce this I'm really excited
about it's a little full right now but I
oh this is like a longer container that
I thought was really good for my greens
and veggies that are just really long
and they're awkward and they don't
really fit in the doors so I got my kale
my romaine I got celery here I got green
onion and I just kind of have that
stored under here and left them out of
the packaging just so you can so it
looks pretty but usually with your leafy
greens you want to make sure that
they're in a produce bag so they stay
nice and fresh
and then down in the tubs here I kept it
to fruits on one side and this is the
one that always gets like wet on the
bottom I think it's something to do with
the moisture in the fridge so to solve
that I just put them in a bowl
I just took clear bowls I can easily see
what's in them I also have my cucumber
which I use every day for smoothies by
the way I have a video on the 10 foods I
buy every single week you guys can check
that out down below I also have my
little avocado hugger for any cut
avocados this works guys we need some
fresh for at least 3 days it's amazing
so things like apples I usually I don't
like eating cold fruit but I like to
they last longer in the fridge so I keep
them in there and then I transfer a
couple of my fruit bowl to ripen and so
that they're not cold when I bite into
them and then over here I have all my
veggies so I got mushrooms I have any
time I have leftover chopped veggies I
always just store them in these silicone
bags especially onion because onion
stinks up your fridge and you actually
don't want cut onion just hanging around
because it like absorbs everything so
these keep it fresh and there's no onion
smell which I love so I got all my
veggies I got asparagus broccoli
zucchini radish all the goods so on the
door here I really had to clean out a
lot of my condiments some of them were
expired some of them I just moved
downstairs but I got my butter at the
top I have
capers Mikey some pesto up here here I
just have my mayonnaise I always keep a
couple of coconut milk pans in the
fridge if I ever need like them to for
coconut lip or anything sometimes you
need it for a recipe where the coconut
cream is hard and chilled I have some
silk almond creamer I also have my
favorite mustard ever this is the
Cossacks one it's the Dijon by Anton is
a really good one and also there's like
a crunchy one I really like here I have
a ton of hot sauces which if you like
spice you know that sometimes you just
need different hot sauces for different
meals so we got variety and over here I
got some thrusting this barbecue sauce
this we can put dates it's really nice
organic ketchup I like ketchup still as
a 31 year old doesn't say 30 girls but
no 31 now I really like ketchup still I
just don't get the one with like high
fructose corn syrup and your ingredient
so the organic line is just like a
little bit healthier here I have some
maple syrup I have some salad dressing
than anything I also have a side vinegar
some greens powder our Holy Grail kimchi
this is the best stuff this is really
good just to put outside to your dinner
and still just probiotics which is good
because everyone I know is sick right
now on the bottom here I have usually
keep like on my milks and stuff Cassie
has her goat milk she needs some
probiotics too
I also just have some other things that
didn't fit up here apple cider vinegar
did I call this apple cider vinegar this
is sesame oil apple cider vinegar I got
like my tamari teriyaki Worchester Shire
I shared this in one of my old hacks
video but this is one of the best ways
to keep your herbs from staying fresh so
I just have them in a glass mason jar
fill it up with some water kind of like
a flower I put it in and then I just
cover it you can use a extra like a
leftover produce baked from the grocery
store I'm just using one of these silica
one's because I have them on hand but it
will stay fresh for a couple weeks it's
a great little hack and then here I mean
I'm basically just a water drinker water
tea bubbly and I just sometimes like to
have infused water so I actually just
bought this and I'm very excited because
I'm so just like making it on the spot I
can just make a batch for the week and
it's actually going to taste better
because it's just like marinating in
there normally I would do lemon cucumber
and it just makes your water a little
bit more exciting and that is it for my
fridge organization / apparently what's
in my fridge video I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and it inspired you
to clean out your own fridge because
that's what happened to me I was
watching the on YouTube Here I am
filming my own so I hoped you guys
enjoyed it leave me a comment down below
letting me know like what the state of
your fridge is in right now cuz I showed
you guys how bad it was before but I
promise you can make it nice and clean
and fresh looking and actually more
usable like I think I'm actually gonna
be able to see what I have a lot more
than how it was before also if you guys
are not signed up to the a VIP health
net newsletter you guys can do so down
below on the link we like to send out
updates bonus content a recap in case
you've missed a recipe it's completely
free I get asked a lot it's free to sign
up on insta or on YouTube and the email
and it's just like a nice little touch
base with you guys every single week and
you guys so check it out down below
thank you so much for watching I hope
you guys have a fabulous day and I will
see you in my next one bye guys
you
[Music]
