happy birthday to you
[Music]
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez here
[Music]
hey health-nut so welcome back to
today's vlog I'm starting the vlog a
little bit later because I wasn't
planning on vlogging but I'm making
something special and I wanted to
document it I am making Miss cashews
birthday cake
she doesn't even know what's in store
hey cashew you wouldn't even know you're
gonna get birthday cake birthday cake
you want your first birthday cake she's
tired went for a hike this morning and
now she's resting so I don't know why
I'm on the floor but I have a meaning to
make cashew a birthday cake for a few
days now her birthday was technically
last week I know I'm a horrible dog mom
but better late than never right so I'm
making I did a bunch of searching on
Pinterest and stuff for some dog
friendly cake recipes and I found one
and it says mini dog cake which i think
is good because I don't want to make a
huge cake like she's got a sensitive
tummy as it is and I know she's not
gonna eat a whole cake nor do I want her
to because she's probably just gonna be
sick and throw it back up if she eats
too much of it so I'll show you guys
what is on the menu for Miss cashews
birthday well belated birthday so this
is the birthday cake I want to make so
it's just called mini dog birthday cake
it's from what blog did you do it's from
the dish next door so I'm sure she has
like regular recipes for humans too but
how cute is that cake so I'm gonna oh
what a cute little puppy so I'm gonna
attempt to make my first dog friendly
cake and see how it goes
fingers crossed all right first things
first we're gonna need ingredients I
know one of them is a ripe banana which
I have so we're gonna mash that up one
thing I know when it comes to dog treats
is you don't really want to add too much
salt if any and sugar because a they
don't really they don't need it so I'm
definitely gonna cut back on that and
this recipe I think doesn't even have
any added sugar which is nice and it
just kind of uses things like banana add
to sweeten it up so I'm gonna grab all
my ingredients we're gonna mix it all up
oh I should probably preheat the oven
the good side 350 Oh
should I store stuff in your oven our
kitchen is not big enough all right
preheat oven 350 let's get the rest of
the ingredients how fun is it that I
literally only have one egg left in the
fridge good thing I didn't come for two
[Music]
so these are the ingredients are gonna
need flour a ripe banana one egg milk I
only had soy milk on hand but it's
unsweetened I have some yogurt I'm using
this scre which is Icelandic style
yogurt it's really good it's nice and
thick and I think it's gonna be for the
icing coconut oil which I think I have
to melt peanut butter which I'm hoping
this one doesn't have salt no it's just
dry roasted blanched Organic peanuts so
I have that in some baking soda so I'm
going to melt the coconut oil mix this
up because I haven't opened it yet I had
one in the fridge but it was salted see
it stays like this where I don't plan on
vlogging well I got something fun is
happening relationship vlog and I am NOT
camera-ready whatsoever like I went to
the gym this morning I went for a hike
with mat and cashew and yeah I just kind
of I'm still a mess sweaty clothes but
that's okay cuz I'm baking and I mean
this probably isn't the best shirt to be
wearing when I'm cooking cuz I mean it's
a lot of based foods happening right now
so I think I should be okay but yeah
this is just real life guys I want to
make my dog a birthday cake and I just
feel like I keep procrastinating on it
and tomorrow we're having our official
team retreat like the health nut team is
going to the spa we're all going to Blue
Mountain for the day we're getting
massages for doing the pools it's gonna
be so much fun
they're all coming and I'm I just can't
wait and we're not doing any work no
work on the health nut team retreat so
we're actually uploading this week's
video today instead of tomorrow so that
we don't have to work on a Wednesday so
I knew that was coming up and then I
thought well Thursday and Friday we're
filming videos like what am I gonna make
this cake from is cashew and take this
photoshoot that I have in my mind so I
want to make the cake so it has time to
cool I'm gonna finish cleaning excited
like we're having everyone over at our
place after the spa for dinner so she's
already like whoo I like peanut butter
tasted Cashner beside me and so I have
some like cleaning and chores to do
around the house but like if I make the
cake now I can
while I'm doing laundry and tidying up
and then I'll ice it and then Chloe can
come over and set up and we'll take this
photo shoot that I have it in my mind
and that's all I want this week is to
have cashew with her birthday cake in
front of a pink wall we have this like
pink backdrop that I'm envisioning so I
realize that this is crunchy peanut
butter
do you like crunchy is that okay
you don't you're not picky look at this
girl
are you picky you crunchy or creamy huh
tick um I like both Oh should we have
carrots to this Jimmy had some carrots
yeah let's do some carrots too so I have
a carrot this is where my poor choice of
apparel is gonna come into play and I'm
gonna get carrot juice all over me can
you help me patient mommy's making your
cake you don't even know how good it's
gonna be
already getting home okay
[Music]
so I'm thinking about a cup of carrot
which I think this is feel okay we're
good
I was gonna do spelt flour but I feel
like when I look at the ingredients at a
lot of dog treats they usually use oats
so I'm just gonna and I had some oat
flour on hand so I'm gonna do that
instead and then it says some baking oh
wait was this was that milk - this milk
goes in with the flour now it does say
that this recipe just calls her baking
soda but I feel like it's not gonna be
as fluffy as I want it so I may add
baking powder I feel like I should check
if that's okay for God hey Siri can dogs
eat baking powder please consult with
your local zoologist regarding proper
diet well that didn't help okay it says
like you shouldn't feed them straight
baking powder baking soda but if you're
only using a teaspoon or two in a dog
cake or any other dog treat should not
cause any problems we're good so I'm
gonna do 1/2 a teaspoon of baking soda
and half a teaspoon of baking powder
[Music]
I'm just gonna scrape down the edges I'm
gonna add in the cataract which was not
in the recipe but I never follow
instructions now you don't want to
overmix the batter so I think that's
good mmm
doggie cake batter cashew you're in for
a treat looks good guys and if you want
to make a bigger dog cake I think you
could just double this I'm sure will
work but I'm gonna get my pan I'm gonna
grease it and then hopefully this fills
it up so this is cashews cake pan so
Matt I think ordered these online or
something but he ordered like this big
bone for a cake he ordered little paw
prints for cupcakes or we've been making
these like frozen treats for her and
then we have one with little bones so
this is a perfect one for her cake and
it's not very big I don't know exactly
what size it is
I will try find the link for it and put
it down below for you guys to check out
but I'm hoping this cake is gonna be
this batter is gonna be enough to fill
this it's relatively a small cake it's
not really big maybe eight inches across
I'm not sure but I think I'm gonna
lightly boil it before I put the batter
just to ensure like this is silicone but
I want to make sure it does not stick
because that will be a whole waste of
time take some of the coconut oil just
give it a little massage
and if you're wondering am I gonna do a
taste test of this cake probably
definitely gonna see what this ducky
cake tastes like I mean it's all
ingredients I would use I would just
probably add some maple syrup or some
sweetener and a little bit of salt
otherwise it's human friendly all right
time to transfer the doggie batter I'm
not gonna lie I don't think it's enough
batter I don't know if I should double
this cake recipe or just bake it as is
guys
I don't not do it's not enough well I
did not see this coming
I don't know if I should just double a
batch real quick or if I should bake
this and then make another one and bake
it and then it'll be like a layered dog
cake decisions decisions
I don't know I just feel like it's not
gonna rise enough we only put half a
teaspoon of baking soda and baking
powder and the problem is tooth batters
like if you just let it sit for a long
time it's not gonna rise this nicely
because the ingredients wants the wet
and dry mix they're activated so maybe
I'll just okay I'm gonna make another
batch really quick oh I just realized I
can't make another batch because I don't
have any more eggs what if I just did no
egg and the one egg is okay because it's
got the banana to keep it together okay
we're just gonna make it without the egg
it's fine they ran out of spoons some
pork it is
[Music]
okay made a new batch sans egg I think
it's okay the oat flour is pretty slick
gummy so I feel like it's gonna help it
stick the only thing is I'm wondering if
I should mix in this batter with this
batter
I feel like I should because it has the
egg in it okay I just washed it out so I
can wreak resit I'm gonna mix the two
together how did this turn into a
cooking show she's just gonna make a
cake really quick donkey cake no big
deal three hours later will this up
again so it doesn't stick
so much better it actually hits the
halfway mark so I think once it rises
it's gonna be perfect I'm gonna pop this
into the oven let it bake and do its
thing and then I'll let it cool before
we ice it okay time to clean up while
that's baking I also have some diffusers
going I'm currently diffusing thieves
which is really awesome for immune
support with orange I just really like
this combo in case you're wondering
thieves is kind of like a spicy citrus
scent so I really like it with the added
orange and it's really good to help
clean the air help support your immune
system and it smells really nice too
which is a bonus ok time to clean up
these dishes I don't know how this
happened I made like a bone broth the
other day and there's a lot of dishes so
I'm going to clean this up got my rubber
gloves I'm gonna do this
[Music]
oh it looks ready okay I'm gonna check
it out and do a poke test to make sure
it's done Oh looks good oh it looks so
good look at that rise Wow oh it may
still need a little bit longer okay five
more minutes okay so now it's perfect
feels like it's cooked all the way
through I'm gonna let it cool before I
remove it but you can see it's gonna be
oh that's really hot
let's use a toothpick as you can see
it's gonna be really easy to remove cuz
it's just gonna peel away but yes it's
very hot so we're gonna let it cool and
then we'll make her icing so update
Chloe is on her way here we're gonna
have a quick lunch and then we're gonna
set up for the puppy birthday photoshoot
cashew is currently downstairs on the
couch sleeping so hopefully she's
resting getting some energy it actually
works better I find if she's tired when
we do photo shoots so she just kind of
like sits there and listens and we can
just bribe her with treats so I think
it's gonna go to plan B yeah that's the
plan and then we are getting our brows
done I'm sorry I look like blob today
but we are getting our brows done so I'm
not planning on doing any makeup today
and I may just wear this too like I feel
like I don't need to like get changed in
real clothes today Chloe just got here
okay I'm scared that this is gonna
oh no I feel it breaking already okay
I'll wait I love cool a bit longer I'm
doing it
all right cashew your desserts come in
setting up the lights we're gonna do the
backdrop there how do you think this is
gonna go yeah so I need this to cool
quick time so I'm just putting it next
to oh wait don't open that I'm gonna put
it next to the window and let it cool
that way
[Music]
[Applause]
whoa that's like legit okay
icings done it's lacking like sweetness
but it's not bad this is gonna be good
also I found some sprinkles they're like
healthy no food coloring sprinkles so I
think I'll be fine tuned for that
so something my face oh just a pimple
yay - you know that's your cake there
look like I'm not allowed to grab things
off the counter oh is that peanut butter
is that peanut butter yeah okay we're
gonna do some test shots so let's get
some cookies all right if you like these
say okay wait okay all right let's see
these for the test shot so we got the
very pink backdrop happening right now
turning the health nut home into a
health nut studio and we got the treats
so let's do this I thought it is cashew
is such a scaredy cat hey cashews gang
suited she's her bib for her meal oh
you're handsome she doesn't know what's
happening yeah so much slobber oh my god
she knows
[Music]
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday to cashew barfi bark
bark bark bark
so these are the options that we have
for candles I you know what as much as
this will look really cute maybe we can
do a photo of this Clos without cashew
because she definitely will not stand
near the sparklers and also I don't know
if that's like safe but I mean I guess
little kids do then we have regular wax
candles and then how freaking cute is
this gold candle so cute just number one
nice and simple so maybe we'll do some
photos with the sparklers before cashew
gets in the shot and then we'll put this
in when cashews in the shot or actually
this could be cute together okay we'll
figure it out
[Music]
check good cash you all right I feel
like that was the successful doggie cake
shot huh do you feel happy with your
choices okay so we're gonna have to I'd
get rid of that it has dog slobber and
cake all over it
Oh Elsa like my avocados Chloe we're
abakada sucks rudaba Qatar sucks oh my
God look at the dog hair on me so here's
the aftermath of the cake I'm not gonna
let her eat it all especially since we
are heading out to get her brows done
she is like a sense of stomach so I
don't want her to eat too much I think
I'm gonna chop this up or wrap it up and
just put it in the fridge and share it
with some other doggie friends of mine
but maybe cassia can have a little bit
more of it tomorrow I just like I said I
don't want her to eat too much of it
today I have to say that texture it
looks pretty good I'm gonna link the
substitutions I did down below and I'll
link to the original recipe for you guys
to make your own doggie cake but these
are just little freeze-dried beef or
lamb treats that we put on top just to
kind of tell her that it was dog
friendly and they helped kind of get her
to eat it for the shot but she really
enjoyed it as you saw so I think that
this is cashew approved so I was
supposed to be cleaning up for our
guests tomorrow and the place is a mess
now I don't know how that happened it
was like so clean right close when you
got here and then the puppy shoot
happened and it's a mess again
but that's okay we're gonna go get our
brows done we have to leave in 20
minutes and then I'll clean finish
cleaning when I get back maybe I'll take
you guys to go get my brows done since
I've been going the same girl for a long
time you guys are always asking me
questions this is what they look like
before I'm just getting it clean up in
tint so nothing too exciting but I
always feel like after I get it done I
just I just feel very different it's
like a good no makeup look just feel
better in my own skin and I don't have
to fill in my eyebrows as much which is
awesome ghosts birthday cake oh my god
can we get go come on come whoa case go
so just in the car and total Doug mom
fail did not bring poop bags did not
bring a water bottle or a dog water dish
what did I what did I bring huh also she
doesn't have her seat but on but we're
just going through back roads so it's
fine it's fine if we're on the highway I
like to strap her in but Chloe's car
doesn't actually have the dog seatbelt
attachment so it's fine we're just going
on back country roads taking our time
and just nothing big so cashew I'm gonna
hold it in
she pants a lot in the car so hopefully
she doesn't have to
but she's gonna be thirsty from the cake
solution I mean I got my water bottle so
maybe she could just drink out the hot
[Music]
but then the window type of man is one
who is one you said the vicar and seer
Pantheon Oats oh I love it already
back at home now I got my brows done I'm
ready for the spot tomorrow I'm so
excited I'm just hydrating because I'm a
little bit of a headache I think because
I don't get headaches often I think this
because I was staring at my phone wall
in the car and that's never a good thing
so I'm actually probably gonna get some
one second right behind Jeff I'm gonna
get my oh I don't know if I've shown you
guys this before I showed it on
Instagram but how freaking cute is this
I got this from Target and it has all of
my oils well most of them I have some
more in the in the dining room and in
the bathroom but I just I'm able to like
see them better this is the one I use
like basically every day as my perfume
the peace and calming it's the Alang
Alang and orange so good but I want
peppermint in lavender this is a really
good headache blend so I'm gonna use
some of that right now I feel like I
just have guys I feel like it's just not
a real headache it's just from driving
don't mind my messy hair also my
eyebrows are always like really really
dark afterwards because the Dyke honest
sits on your skin until you wash it off
the next day anyways I saw this hack
from Jaws who is part of the health net
team but you can follow her at
nourishment kitchen on Instagram she
took it and she just puts a drop of
peppermint and I'm setting off my bed
and I drop up and look at the mirror so
I can see how many drops and so I did
two drops of each and I did this the
other day and it felt flippin amazing
it's wearing down my head and like you
just kind of massage it in
and I don't know these two whales it's
funny cuz like peppermint is known for
like the headache oil really helps
soothe headaches and stuff but I find
lavender is the one that is like the
headache reliever it's amazing so I
think both of them together really nice
this peppermint has that like cooling
effect so it's really nice and I'm just
let that sit on my scalp while I guess
what put that laundry away I don't know
why what my struggle is with laundry
I just hate putting it away oh my god my
brows look so bold right now I promise
tomorrow it's gonna look more natural uh
yeah I got put all this laundry away so
what I do if you're like me and you hate
doing laundry and putting away like
folding and put away putting away
clothes cuz like that's the worst part
when people say that well I like laundry
it's easy put the clothes in the washer
and then the dryer yeah that's not the
hard part it's the folding and putting
it away so I have my laptop here I'm
going to put on some YouTube videos
sometimes I'll listen to podcasts and
that is what's gonna help get me through
putting my laundry away so I'm gonna do
that while drinking lots of water with
the oils to help my headache okay I
found a video which actually reminded me
I totally forgot to tell you guys on
Instagram that I have a new YouTube
video up on the channel I just shared
for 10 minutes soup recipes so flippin
good
I don't know I'm keep sayin flippin but
because I can't say the f-word on who I
can but I wanted to be family-friendly
let me just YouTube my own video so I
grab the link and share it on Instagram
[Music]
so just about done look at that empty
pile I have some clothes there that I am
donating I'm trying to do this thing
when I see a piece of clothing that I
don't know maybe I wore it and I just
didn't feel that great in it and I'm
kind of over it or I'm cleaning out my
closet and I just think like mm I've won
this in a while I put it in a pile and
then most likely I'm gonna donate it or
let like maybe a friend or family member
see if they wanted but I just feel like
I don't want clothes in my closet that I
just I'm not gonna work because it's
taking up space and then I can't see the
stuff that I do want to wear anyways a
battery is dying I just want to show you
guys this delicious bone broth I made I
made it in a recent vlog so this is what
it ended up turning out like it's so
gelatinous when it's cooled it's crazy
it looks like jelly but that's when you
know it's good bone broth so I just
warmed it up and it kind of just
liquefies right away when you heat it up
and this is gonna be like my appetizer I
mean some comfy clothes not that I was
in non comfy clothes before but I just
have this lounge set I got from Target
recently it's so comfy it's like all I
want to live in right now so I'm gonna
eat or drink this bone broth as an
appetizer while I finish tidying up and
then I'm gonna Matt's actually heating
up some dinner from the other night all
right I'm gonna wrap this up before my
battery dies I just wanted to say thank
you so much for watching be sure to
subscribe if you aren't already click
that red subscribe button down below
I also have a whole playlist of all of
my Friday blogs if you guys want to
catch up and binge watch all of them
that will be linked down below in the
infobox and question of the day today do
you have a dog and if so what is their
name and what kind of dog are they I
would love to know in the area cat dog
or cat leave me a comment down below I'd
love to know how many of you guys have
pets out there and if you have like if
you have a fish or he
you want to shout out as well like link
them down below I would love to hear
what kind of pets you guys have and I'm
gonna head out now before this dies on
me thank you so much for watching I love
you guys so much and I will see you guys
in the next vlog bye
[Music]
