[Music]
hey health nuts welcome back to my
channel today I'm gonna be showing you
guys my new year's fitness routine and
what I eat to stay on track because food
is just as important as working out and
they are things that I make a priority
even when my leg gets super crazy and
busy it's so important to feel your best
especially when you do have a crazy
schedule if you don't feel good you're
not gonna be productive and the work
that you do so I always make it top
priority that's why I meditate every day
that's fine with my body I drink green
smoothies I want to feel good so I can
do good but anyways I'm so excited
today's video is actually sponsored by
simply protein who are collaborating
with me on today's video and I've
actually been eating simply protein bars
back when I was working in retail I was
a store manager I had crazy hours and as
you guys know if you work in retail you
sometimes don't always get like a break
or you just like your eating habits are
so off and I used to always grab simply
protein bars because they just had
simple clean ingredients so I'm really
excited let's hop right in oh and before
we do if you guys aren't subscribed
click that red button down below join
the health nut family I post here every
single week healthy food videos routines
vlogs what 8 days you name it it's all
here so you don't wanna miss it
alright let's not write into the video
and let's get started so for mornings
where I know I'm gonna be working out I
like to get my workout clothes on as
soon as possible so I'm just in the
mental space of working out when it
comes to my skincare routine I just like
to splash my face with some water spritz
on some rose water I cream and a quick
sirum I like to keep it really light
with the moisturizer cuz then I'm gonna
probably shower and do my full skincare
routine after when I get back give my
teeth a quick brush
throw on some of my Pitts refresh which
is the best natural deodorant I love it
my lip butter and we're good to go I'm
heading to the kitchen I'm making my her
bowl copy concoction a turbo coffee
collagen a dash of cinnamon
and a couple of drops of stevia it's
been my go-to lately I love it and then
I just top it off this sub boiling water
you could obviously do this with regular
coffee if you do caffeine I cannot do
caffeine and then I'm just topping it
with some oat milk so I'm having the
lemon coconut one and I love these
before a workout because they give you a
nice boost of plant-based energy and
they're not too heavy I also love that
they have 15 grams of protein and one
gram of sugar so they're not too sweet
and I love the crispy texture
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
so I just finished a at home Pilates
workout I actually do a lot of my yoga
Pilates at home I feel like it's just
more convenient I can easily roll up my
mat and just do something at home if I
feel like I don't have time to go to the
gym or if I'm just not feeling it
motivated to leave the house maybe it's
cold outside this is a great quick way
to get in a workout this one I just did
was 25 minutes so super easy I want to
talk about why I workout specifically
because I think it's so important to
have your why that's that's what's going
to help you continue to work out on a
longer-term basis otherwise you'll get
excited to do it you'll do it a few
times and then you'll quickly fall off
the wagon number one is my mental health
you guys know I deal with anxiety I have
for many years and one of the biggest
things that have helped me has been
working out it helps create endorphins
it releases stress a lot of times for me
personally with my anxiety couple all
this I've built up energy and you need
to release it and I just think that
working out is one of the best ways to
do it still get from your body like so
it's releasing stress so that's
definitely my number one reason that I
workout it's not for abs it's not to
have the smallest waist it's really just
for my mental health mentally I feel my
best when I have when I work out on a
consistent basis
the second reason I work out is to feel
energized without caffeine you guys know
I don't drink coffee or any caffeine for
that matter and I personally find that
when I work out it actually gives me
natural energy and it's not this
caffeine like fuzzy energy it's a
natural sustained energy and it makes me
feel we're motivated and live throughout
the day and I know that sounds kind of
corny but it really does improve your
mood throughout the day it just makes
you feel more energized and positive to
do things start your day instead of
feeling like tired and lazy and
lethargic you actually want to do things
who just feel more energetic
so the third reason is to move my body
and feel strong I think that a lot of
times we
take for granted movement being able to
do things with our arms or legs and
lifting things and I personally want to
be strong and feel flexible throughout
my life and when I get older and you
know it's truth they say you don't use
it you lose it
so you know it's important to be active
move your body you know you want it to
work for you and it's like a car if you
have a car sitting in a parking lot you
never drive it when you go to drive it
not gonna it's gonna be like puttering
and it's not gonna want to start and
that's kind of like your body you know I
just I don't know I really I want to be
active and be able to move my body for
as long as I can and so it's kind of
more like pre preventative care for me
going to the gym I want to feel strong
and feel energized get that blood pumpin
and flowin and exercise does that for me
also make sure you hydrate okay so I
wrote down different types of workouts
that I do I do a lot of yoga and Pilates
like I said I do a lot of those at home
I will go to classes sometimes but like
do you think that I can just do it at
home as well and it feels great and then
workouts that I really love to do is
resistance training I go to body pump a
lot at my local gym and it's basically a
lot of squats lunges repetitive
movements of high reps but with low
weights and then last but not least my
favorite type of workout is just going
for nature walks and hikes I think that
walking is really underrated I used to
think that it wasn't a form of exercise
because you don't get super sweaty after
it although it does warm up the body I
think it's really good for just your
limbs and your muscles just getting some
movement and really good for recovery as
well so we usually try to do I'd say at
least two hikes a week and it's
your things it's mentally very like I
don't know
calming I just feel like a sense of
clarity when we go out in nature and I
would say in a week I probably work out
anywhere between four to five times and
usually one or two of those is going for
a hike let's go make some food I'm going
to show you guys two different
post-workout meals that I live to have
for breakfast or just after I'm done
working out post-workout breakfasts
number one is my green smoothie so these
are the typical ingredients that I love
to add to it
I have fresh baby spinach frozen mango
frozen banana flax seeds all sometimes
throw in chia seeds cucumber which seems
odd but try it I've been doing it for
years I love it ginger I also have some
fresh lemon juice that's kind of been a
new addition nut butter I'll switch
between almond or peanut butter a greens
powder cinnamon for sugar balancing and
then I'm going to top it off with some
unsweetened oat milk and water and then
all you have to do is blend it all up
[Music]
[Music]
so this is the green smoothie that I
basically make 90 percent of the time
for breakfast after my workouts but if
I'm craving something a little bit more
savory or I'm just really hungry then
I'll usually just scramble up some eggs
which I'm going to show you guys that
next just because I know smoothies
aren't for everyone and sometimes you
don't want something sweet you want
something a little bit more savory so
I'm going to show you guys another
option that you can have post-workout
post-workout breakfast option number two
is this veggie scramble in a large pan
I'm going to heat up some butter
sometimes they use ghee or olive oil
saute onions mushrooms crushing some
garlic which is so good for immune
boosting but also adds in a lot of
flavor cracking in my eggs I usually do
three if it's just for me a little salt
and pepper paprika these are like
usually my go-to egg spices and then
just stir that around till it's almost
cooked and then last but not least I'm
going to top it with a big handful of
fresh baby spinach which takes two
seconds to cook because you just kind of
want to wilt it
[Music]
so this is just a really quick veggie
scramble I make this a lot especially on
the weekends and I love this because you
can use whatever veggies you have left
over in the fridge a lot of times I'll
add some cherry tomatoes but I was all
out but I did have some very ripe
avocado which was a plus so usually I'll
have one or the other as a post-workout
breakfast my favorite time to workout is
in the morning so I'm usually having
breakfast as a post-workout snack in
cash with snoring
solo so I'm going to actually enjoy this
Matt's gonna have the smoothie and we're
gonna go for a hike in a little bit so
chest and onion and garlic and eggs is
so good
[Music]
so we're just out here for a little
nature walk or hike I know probably
probably a lot of you who live in the
mountains or like that's not a hike but
it's the only thing we have around us
and I love it but I'm just having a
little snack so usually I don't eat too
I simply protein bars in a day but I
just want to show you guys another way
when I would incorporate them into my
day so I'm my favorite my second
favorite flavor besides the lemon
coconut is the peanut butter chocolate
cuz I love that combination and what's
really great about these two that I
haven't mentioned yet is that they're
completely plant-based they're also
gluten free and non-gmo so I feel like
they're good for a lot of people and
even if you have some allergies or
intolerances you probably can eat these
and they're also super affordable I find
a lot of protein bars are so expensive
and these are a pretty good price but
just probably why I used to buy them all
time when I didn't have much money
and I worked in retail but I still
wanted to eat something that was like
good for me so I'm gonna have Chloe and
I are gonna actually split this because
I'm not too hungry but I just want to
show you guys like when I would eat them
so this is the chocolate peanut butter
one it's so good it tastes like dessert
and I have a sweet tooth so this is
perfect Chloe
sharing this carrying so another
question I get asked a lot about is how
you stay motivated because I get it it's
really hard especially in the beginning
when you don't have any workout routine
at all is especially super hard it's
like anything when you haven't done it
at all or you just fallen off the
bandwagon it's harder to get back on I
just wrote a couple of things that help
keep me motivated so I don't forget
number one is a supportive partner or
just people in your life I think it's so
important just to have people that also
are you know into fitness and health if
that's something that's really important
to you surround yourself with people
like that especially if you or your
partner is getting into health and
fitness support them you know maybe
you're doing yoga and they're doing
CrossFit but like at this at the end of
the day you're both working towards like
a healthier goal
another thing is join a gym so Matt and
I go to a local gym and I love it
because it keeps me accountable I pay
every month to go to this gym so I
better get my butt to it and also I love
classes I find classes especially when
you're not motivated to move your putti
and get a good sweat you go there for an
hour the instructor is telling you what
to do there's a bunch of other people
giving like all doing the same thing
it's an hour long most the time and I
just feel like even when I'm not
motivated to workout I find I'll just go
to a class I didn't know I'm gonna get a
good sweat so obviously being a dog mom
keeps me really motivated to be outdoors
more so that has definitely been and it
like a positive thing to my fitness
routine just yeah having a dog wanting
to be more active with cashew has
definitely helped keep me motivated
another thing is changing out your
workouts so you know if you're always
doing the same exercise going to the
same class all the time you're bound to
get bored of it so I like to switch
things up Matt and I are looking into
starting kick boxing soon maybe just on
a Saturday morning kind of thing I love
kick boxing especially when we do it
together Matt used to do kickboxing all
the time when I met him so that's
something that I'm trying to incorporate
more and also dance I want to just join
like a random dance class just for fun
and move my body and it's a great D
stressor so I'm always like thinking of
new things to add into
my workout routine and then obviously
noticing how you feel when you start to
work out it becomes addictive in a good
way and you want to continue to do it
more so in the beginning it may start
out as something you have to push
yourself to do but eventually you just
have to create a habit and then once
it's a habit just like anything else in
your life like brushing your teeth it
just becomes engrained into your daily
or weekly routine and you don't
overthink it so when you wake up in the
morning and you're trying to side
whether you want to work out or not
don't overthink it just go and do it
honestly I feel like it's more stressful
trying to talk yourself out of working
out then just go into the gym let's
finish our hike and catch you guys
[Music]
so back at home now and we're just
winding down gonna make dinner soon but
I just thought I would talk about one
more thing which is recovery which is so
important I think you know a lot of
people just want to work out but they
don't want to do any of the stretching
or the recovery stuff afterwards to make
sure that they don't injure themselves
and also just to speed up recovery and
not feel as sort and tight so a couple
of things I do to recover and make sure
that I'm good for my next workout is of
course lots of water and always making
sure to hydrate it's really good
flushing all that they get so lactic
acid no liked it it's definitely not
lactic acid maybe it is so anyways it's
what kind of covers your muscles did
anyone watch back to school bus that's
what I'm getting it from but you want to
make sure you're flushing that out and
also stretching so important so every
time after I've done a workout it'll
take at least 10 minutes or 15 minutes
I've have more time and I stretch out my
body so you know I'll do a lot of like
leg stretches especially so might like I
feel like my hamstrings and calves it's
so tight so I'll stretch those out the
other thing that I started to do this
year is roll my muscles out this is
amazing especially for your IT band and
it just really helps get into those sore
muscles and breaks it down at oh it's
like so awesome it hurts a little bit
but it really does do the trick so I
highly recommend getting a foam roller
I'll link this one down below but I've
been doing that it's like I said
watching TV at night you can just do
some rolling exercises you can YouTube
some of them a lot of times I just I'll
show you guys one of them especially
along the leg so I'll put um like my
muscle on the roller and then I'll just
kind of like put my body weight into it
and I roll out my muscles and this is so
good for your muscles and like I said it
hurts a little bit but it really does do
the trick and then I'll kind of go on
the front and it just helps release
those tight muscles so you can do it on
your arms your back your calves so there
you have it that is my fitness routine
for 20 20 different things that I do
I hope this video helped you out and
helped inspire you to incorporate a
fitness routine in your life this year
like I said the more you do it the
easier it gets it's always hard in the
beginning if you've never worked out or
you just haven't done it for a while
it's hard for me if I skip a week or two
it's just as hard to get back on it so
don't worry I feel you it's hard for
everyone but I promise it gets addicting
you end up enjoying enjoying doing it
just like eating healthy so I definitely
recommend moving your body in 2020 and
just like for your own health and
wellness so I'm gonna have links to any
products I mentioned down below also
huge thank you to simply protein for
sponsoring this video honestly you need
to try their protein bars they're so
good I love them and I'm gonna have a
link down below for you guys to find out
where you can find them since you know
anytime I see a new product I'm like
okay yeah but like where do I get that
so it's really accessible like I said so
you can find it at most grocery stores
but I will have a link down below to
help you out if you guys aren't already
subscribed to my channel you can click
that red subscribe button down below
it's free I post every single week so
you can expect new videos from me every
single week this year and I just
appreciate you guys so much thank you so
much for tuning in every single week and
if there's a video that you want to
request for this year leave it down
below and they'll be happy to try to
make that work happen for you so thank
you so much I'm gonna go actually do
some rolling right now so I'll see you
guys in my next video and have a
fabulous day bye guys
[Music]
