at the energy
[Music]
that is so cute
so we've got food expert Nicholas
[Music]
good morning and welcome back to the
vlog I feel like this is my first
official vlog of 2020 because my fitness
vlog was more like a man style video and
this is just more of a casual real blog
so I'm excited to get back into the
blogs in 2020 today we are actually well
I am having like a full-on like office
day today calls meetings all day but I'm
trying to like get some some me time in
between I did my meditation this morning
I put a bunch of oils going diffusing in
the house smells like tell us heavenly
in here because everyone is sick so I'm
just like diffusing all the immune
supporting oils today and I'll show you
guys in a sec what I'm a diffusing I'm
also going to be doing my vision board
tonight so stay tuned for that I'm
excited I have almost all my images
ready I just have to cut them out and
place them on my board so I knew that do
that a little bit later but we're gonna
head for a little walk and bundled up
let me show you guys what I'm wearing I
just bought these new tights from Lulu
I'm loving them I've entwined them for a
long time let me show you by the way it
feels so empty without the Christmas
tree so this is what I'm wearing you
guys have seen this I got the sweater
from Airi last month I love it it is the
warmest thing ever it's really good for
when we do our nature hikes right now
we're just doing like a walk around the
block but I just got these new they
probably have dog hair on them hey Matt
hey oh I just got these and honestly I
think they make my butt look really good
just saying they're called wonder unders
their this is probably not news to
anyone who shops at Lululemon but I've
been winning them for a while so I
really like them they're high waisted
and I feel like they just hugged me in
and they're actually quite warm so I
think I'm gonna use them a lot for hikes
and just like if we go skiing this
winter I'm definitely gonna be wearing
these and this just feels so cozy and I
got my socks on and I'm ready for the
outdoors I got my oils diffusing in my
little house by the way I'll link this
down below you guys always ask me where
I get this so today I'm diffusing I need
a bigger bowl for my coils I'm diffusing
I have thieves which
is so great just to support immunity and
also helps disinfect and clean the home
I use it in a lot of cleaners and when
I'm just trying to clean the air I also
put in a couple drops of orange because
I'm just obsessed with citrus in general
but orange smells so good
so I add it to any blend I can and then
I also added in some RC which is
basically eucalyptus and it just helps
you breathe a little bit better it's
like very refreshing kind of like Vicks
but this is more natural you can rub it
on your chest or diffuse it and it just
clears the Airways I don't know smells
really good so I have that in my
obviously she's too small of a bowl this
doesn't even fit so I'm diffusing it
smells amazing in here and cashew is
crying I'm sorry cashew Erie for a walk
does she need her coat mmm
no she good you good cashew so before we
go I'm just having a little snack
because it's technically lunchtime but
we're going to eat when we get back
having some raw walnuts so good with
these Turkish dried apricots now when
you're getting dried fruit get the ones
without sulfites so they may look Brown
they're better for you they taste better
that's like candy okay I'm gonna bundle
up we're gonna go and then we'll have
lunch when we get back
[Music]
[Music]
good girl
haven't found on your walk thank you he
was just walking us at the energy so
good so soak in some fresh air
yeah we actually haven't done like a
walk walk for a while usually we do a
nature hike in the forest so this is
nice and this is good training for cache
it cuz she's not the best walker but
she's learning she just pulls a lot
she's excited puppy myself
yeah that's she actively birthing she
acts like she doesn't leave the house in
weeks but she just went on a hike
yesterday so she's a very happy wife
I know she's probably cuz she spoiled
she loves the snow though okay
[Music]
doop de doop de doop doop doop did it
did it dude she's on a mission that's a
good one she like ran into the camera oh
my god that was a really good walk I
have a call and like 10 minutes I have
to hop on so I'm just gonna heat up some
lunch real quick Matt come on
better keep our new fridge looking clean
okay so here we're also already out of
bubbly so for lunch I'm thinking of
heating up I bought these soups by Maas
best I'm gonna do the mushroom barley
one we got some fresh sourdough from a
market the other day so I'm going to
have that too some soup
maybe just some butter on this I don't
know have to see what I have and then I
gotta hop on my call
[Applause]
[Music]
so I actually have a call with why yoga
who is the venue for our first health
nut wellness retreat happening in
Toronto it's actually happening this
weekend so it's the next day after this
goes live so I'm very excited we're just
going over any like final details for
the event and just make sure but that we
are prepared I think we're pretty much
set to go like we have food we're gonna
pick up drinks and stuff maybe today or
tomorrow week for the swag big stuff is
arriving this week so I think we're
pretty much ready to go but just want
you to have a good touch base call
before the actual event since it's only
a few days away I'm gonna find your
number so I think we're gonna do a video
chat I don't know okay I'll BRB also we
have back-to-back calls because we also
have a team meeting right after so I'm
just gonna have to eat my lunch and
multitask
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's just jaws on so just about to do
our weekly team meeting say hi everyone
say hi club oh you're on mute you won't
pop up ready Matt yeah all right let's
do this
so just finished up the first official
team meeting of 2020 and honestly I just
like had to stop and take a second and I
don't know they could tell I was just
like like smiling cuz I was just so
happy it's so crazy to see like you know
we're doing a google hangouts chat so
it's a video chat can you see all of
these little faces in at the bottom of
the screen it's like oh no this is our
team and I don't know I always like it's
so surreal to me that we have like such
an awesome team and group of people
supporting and working behind the scenes
on health-nut stuff so yeah it was just
really nice hey Matt I thought it was
really good
hey I'm so cute I was just like not only
like are they our team but like they're
just such great people yeah we got a
good good group around this I think you
do what's Matt drinking zba did you like
my drink last night that was good hmm by
the way Matt's vision boards over there
top secret so I went ahead and already
picked out all my photos my inspo photos
on Pinterest Pinterest is a good one to
get them because you can look for
specific things quotes words whatever
your whatever you want I usually like to
get them on Pinterest you can obviously
use magazines but to be honest I don't
really have magazines and they're so
expensive they're like $12 the magazine
nowadays so I just printed them and I'm
gonna cut them up I got some
double-sided tape and then we're gonna
get sticking on position boards I'm
really excited to get this up on my wall
so I can stare at it everyday and
visualize my dreams
[Music]
[Music]
so this is just the insert to the frames
that I got like a picture frame for my
vision board and I'm just gonna use this
as my base to pop on all my photos on to
so I think I have enough to cover it
that was a lot of cutting so I'm just
gonna use my double sided tape and get
these on
[Music]
I don't but appeal spent too much time
so many things that still don't know
it's time for me
[Music]
so I have this side almost done how I'm
organizing it as I'm trying to do
personal on this side and then business
on the side and realizing I have a lot
of photos so I'm just kind of
overlapping it I don't want it to be too
structured so it's fine if you know some
of the images are hidden I still get the
overall visual
[Music]
so this is the final product I didn't
have enough room for this one but that's
fine I got the ones that mattered the
most I had to trim a couple to make it
fit and then also I had to do some
hangover on the edges but I'm just gonna
trim all that put it into my frame and
then I'll go over exactly what
everything means cuz there's definitely
a lot in here
[Music]
that's so cute
so here is the final product I think it
looks so freakin cute on this side I
have obviously the health nut team which
is growing and that's so exciting and
then here this is just to symbolize like
could be a cooking show could just be
doing some food demos just things like
that this is to develop my food
photography skills I really love taking
food photography but I'm just trying to
get better and better this is like
retreats I have my oils here I have some
clothing because I would love to come
out with some actual merchandise I'm
just like clothing that I can wear and
it has sayings that I like as some more
food photography the book cuz I want to
work on just you know keep growing that
this is a million dollar plaque for
YouTube then over here I just have a
photo of a store and I just have the
beauty net skincare label up top to
signify getting it into stores
eventually we have a course here this is
just to promote like Zen and relaxation
in my work environment this is my new
office that I like to create this year
just being organized both of my personal
and business reading more books but also
just educating myself more just always
learning this is our future cottage on a
lake I have Yoga for flexibility this is
our beach wedding speaking of weddings
where's my where's my ring where's Mary
that's the ring I want Matt are you
watching that's the ring I loved this
style for a while now this is like a
nice solitaire oval shape so anyways who
doesn't pick the rings nowadays you
can't just leave it up to the guys you
know you gotta make sure it looks good
so then over here then on this side I
have my crystals which I love this is
from Costa Rica which I'd love to go to
Tesla because Matt and I say you know
when we buy another car we want it to be
electric and we just love that Elon Musk
was like the pioneer for that this is
just a bunch of plants since I'm a plant
lady I just
around my whole house and plants this is
signifying being more eco-friendly this
is road trips we want to do
long-distance road trips in the future
this is a beautiful big home eventually
that we want to have I saw a couple of
white ones that I really liked this one
was so cute I really love the the
farmhouse look this is just for you know
I love green smoothies and for health
and wellness this is reminding myself to
not multitask
you know just mono tasks slow things
down one thing at a time this is also to
signify our cottage meditation and
hypnosis which is a huge part of my life
and it has seriously changed it this is
to signify this one and this one here is
signifying just being closer to the
ocean and the beaches and I want to do a
beach vacation this year more plants
actually have something very similar to
this in my house this is the Algarve in
Portugal I'd love to visit up here I
have a signifies family I thought this
photo was so cute with the little hand
more travel cashew and just our family
it just made me happy so I just want to
put that on there I have some quotes and
sayings throughout that I really love I
love specifically this one here I think
that's about it have a laptop I just
really like that photo but also just
signifies like work and you know having
good equipment I don't know what else is
on here I think that's about it this is
meal prepping just you know not eating
out as much making meals at home this is
a photo of the universe you know just
like trust in the universe and it will
guide you and I think that is about it
there's probably something I'm missing
so anyways I'm really happy with how it
turned out I think it signifies what's
been on my mind lately and things that I
want to achieve in the next year in the
next few years so I'm gonna put up this
one up in my future office just so I can
see it every day and just be reminded of
what my goals are for this year so for
dinner tonight I just made a big salad
for myself Matt's not feeling the
greatest so he's just having some soup
but I have
some kale remain as my base some quinoa
and brown rice and I just have chicken
that we cooked up yesterday for a meal
prep goat cheese grapes and also for my
dressing I'm gonna add some of this
mother raw ranch and some of this
dressing that I made it's just olive oil
and balsamic vinaigrette for my drink so
this is something I've been drinking
non-stop I'm about to finish it it's not
just limes nice but I have lots of ice I
squeezed a full lime I put some liquid
stevia and then I'm just taking one of
these bubblies but you can do like any
flavored sparkling water and this is
strawberry and I'm telling you it's so
good this is so good so refreshing
Matt's been getting on to it too
so anyways I'm gonna add my dressing mix
that up and that's gonna be my dinner
I'm so excited I've been wanting to make
this all week
[Music]
there you have it super yummy
and very hearty salad for dinner so I
ended up adding in a couple of chopped
marinated artichoke hearts into the
salad and now it is officially complete
see when you make salads like this
they ain't boring they're delicious and
you know it's easy to eat healthy just
use the foods and combinations that
you're craving and you love and you can
really turn anything into a salad just
add some greens and it's a salad all
right so this is what our nighttime
routine looks like lately I set at the
coffee table I have my real dinner table
nots done his oh he's eating he's never
been indistinct he's not feeling sick
you just have a little bit of an upset
tummy but all good oh wow it's very
blurry so my dinner ended up being like
a salad for four but I'm gonna do what I
can family says it really is I remember
when I was in college and I would eat
like cereal in salad bowls but now I'm
eating salad and salad bowls so yeah
adulting hmm who's really good though
you should have a bite do you do a
vision board all right we ever done a
vision board and if you've done one this
year what's one thing Nagi that's one
thing that's happening that you want to
share leave me a comment down below we'd
love to know all right um also we're
watching The Mentalist so good patch of
Jane main character his lines are so
good yeah it's like whoever wrote his
lines it's good is a show done Gunnar's
or more seasons no it's been done for a
while I think it's just when I enjoyed
so Scott says he's watched it three
times couple of times I don't like his
character's witty and yes kind of thing
all right so I'm gonna end the vlog here
if you guys are Narae subscribed click
that red such
button down below it's free we have new
vlogs every single Friday I'll have a
playlist down below for you guys to
check out and catch up we also did
vlogmas for the month of December which
what are you doing
also if you guys did not check out
vlogmas
last month we filmed pretty much every
day for the month of December and we
have a whole playlist you guys can check
that out also down below um so yeah
subscribe so you don't miss out on
future blog so we're gonna well I'm
gonna eat Matt still eating his soup
we're gonna watch the show and Cheers
have a good night No bye guys
[Music]
[Music]
