[Music]
here's couple to smoothie together stay
together I'm going to Audie at my
youtube channel called a nutritionist so
good as the bad and everything in
between
let's do this
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez
[Music]
good morning health nuts welcome back to
the vlog it is I think about seven no
8:30 right now I just finish our ring I
got dressed having my herb o coffee
already did my meditation so I'm feeling
pretty good this morning
and it's the perfect segue to actually
what is happening this week so for those
of you who don't know we are actually
doing and this is going to be going live
during the week that we're doing it I'm
currently doing the second annual
mindful morning challenge which
essentially is a week-long challenge
where hopefully it's not too bright I my
battery's dying okay it is essentially a
week-long challenge where we basically
just get to connect every single morning
I send you guys a guided emails to help
you out with the daily habits so
yesterday was a digital detox and it
gave you specific realistic habits that
you can incorporate into your morning
routine and then today we're talking
meditation and positive affirmations so
I'm doing half like half an hour live
streams every morning with you guys at
10 a.m. Eastern Time so this is going up
on Friday so there's still two more days
to join if you want to join I'll have a
link down below and you can just catch
up and still rewatch all the live
streams because they're in a private
Facebook group so you guys can check
that out if you're interested all you
have to do to register is just to donate
we're collecting all the proceeds from
the challenge to donate to Australia's
wild life relief really fund just for
like all of the craziness that's
happening over there we just wanted to
give back and as you guys know Matt and
I lived in Australia for like two years
so it's very close in dear to our hearts
and it's just a way that we want to give
back and also just do something cool
like this challenge again with you guys
so I am currently just getting ready so
today is kind of a busy morning because
I have to do the livestream at 10:30 or
10:00 and then we also have a filming
crew coming I think like around 11:00 so
it's kind of a quick turnaround and
they're coming at 11:00 I'm filming this
kind of like a web series with Shopify
it's called the audit and there
viewing a bunch of different
entrepreneurs basically on I think ten
is the max like everybody's picking
different amounts but like I had to pick
ten different things that I would add is
Nasir
they can be like things that like you
wish you didn't do or just like lessons
learned or just like then and now kind
of thing so you'll eventually I'll
probably share it on Instagram or
something when it's like done and out
but that's happening today so that'll be
interesting like people are coming this
is the first time a film crew has come
here besides like our film crew so
that'll be that'll be fun a lot of
people for cashew to play with so I am
just gonna drink this I'm gonna finish
getting ready I kind of just brushed out
my hair but I'm gonna do some makeup and
fix up my curls and that way I'm ready
so after I finished the livestream I can
just get right into the filming the next
thing so you know just a regular Tuesday
also let me show you what I've been
diffusing lately I don't even see you so
I have my little bowl here of oils I've
been doing this Northern Lights black
spruce mixed with a few drops of
lavender and then today cuz everyone is
sick right now I just added a couple of
drops of Thieves which is really great
for immune support so I've just been
adding this every day to my diffuser
just to help out with that so add those
back in there and this is how I like to
start my day just smell in some oils it
makes me feel good it smell good and I
feel good about using these at my home
because I know they're safe by the way I
know I talked a lot about oils on the
channel and also on Instagram if you
guys are ever interested I actually have
a whole page on my blog they can learn
more about essential oils and the ones
that I love and why I choose these and
you can actually sign up for their
wholesale pricing that's what I did so
technically I'm a distributor but you
get I think it's 24 percent off of their
oils when you sign up so you don't have
to like sell oils to get the discount
but you just have to sign up so I'll
link that down below but honestly
they've just changed my life and they
smell so good lavender is a good starter
oil if you have never tried to sensual
oils I feel like it's good for a lot of
different things especially if you have
you know anxiety and you're just like a
stressed out person that's a really good
oil
but you just smell really good so if
you're sensitive to fragrances like me
like I get headaches all the time from
artificial fragrances then essential
oils are the way to go so I'm gonna
finish getting ready and stop love
because I got to go back so I'm gonna
find a podcast to listen to been
listening to a lot of the skinny
confidential number options coming his
way and he's living in hotels at ease
everyone everybody meets
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right just curled my hair I'm
throwing on some of my friend Joyce dry
shampoo this one's for brunettes and I
really like it just kind of dust it in
give it a little dish and your hair is
fresh again after you make it not look
so crazy so I'm just gonna let it kind
of soak up some of that oil and then
I'll touch it up again with the curler
cuz it looks a little bit crazy right
now I'm also gonna throw on some of my
beauty nut skincare deodorant don't mind
this packaging I I'm the one that
labelled this one I did do a good job
but let me try to open it actually
that's what it looks like inside so this
is the deodorant I formulated it's
amazing it's a bergamot and lime pit
refresh and it smells so good and I'm
gonna just put some on and right now and
the cool thing is that we have been sold
out of the pit refresh in the lip butter
for a few months since 2019 like
November when we first launched it we
sold out in like 48 hours which was kind
of crazy and we've just restocked this
week so if you guys want to grab one
that's available the lip butters are
available which oh I have one right here
these are also the best seller oh wait
this one's done no I'm just gonna scrape
that one up and it is honestly like the
best lip butter I don't know if you
could tell but it's like a chubby stick
like it is a big lip balm and usually
have some lying around I guess this
one's empty but I just like to get every
last bit out of there it has tangerine
and orange essential oils in it it
smells so good there is mango butter and
it's also a vegan wax in case you're
wondering so I'm going to go make a
smoothie and then
can I do the livestream so let's get to
that now so just like this you think my
bed is always made and tidy it's not
real life I don't always get to make my
bed first thing in the morning even
though I try my best to get it done when
I wake up but I'm gonna make it quickly
now cuz it is the backdrop to today's
livestream so let's let's make the bed
hey cashew
[Music]
so good
I added ginger lemon my nrx greens
powder protein flax banana and mango
lots of greens and cucumber basically
just trying to get all the nutrients
into my body so I don't get sick this
winter and it tastes really good too it
was quick took me five minutes to make a
smoothie I'm gonna save this for mr.
Matt alright so I have my notes that
I've written down just to help guide me
through the livestream so I don't miss
anything that I want to talk about I got
my smoothie I usually have smoothie and
water and this is in focus and then I
also have some oils that I'm probably
gonna put on and my lip balm cuz I don't
know why every time I'm in a meeting
I'm just scared I'm gonna get dry lips
are you guys like me that the one thing
you would definitely need to bring with
you everywhere is a lip balm like I hate
when my lips are tight and dry oh yeah
Cheers
couples to smoothie together stay
together ginger in it mm-hmm
what do you want what you want you crazy
girl so I was thinking of doing a minute
meditation today in the live stream I
mean a minute meditation minute yeah oh
I feel mine online all right could work
right not I feel like a minute a minute
is probably the amount of time I would
like to meditate right you want to do
meditation with me ah okay
join me to call you in it when I'm yeah
okay so we are doing the mindful morning
challenge live stream all
affirmations and meditation and we're
gonna get started okay so so today the
focus is positive affirmations and
meditation I feel like they go hand in
hand all righty
so find a comfy spot and it's gonna be
one minute it's not intimidating it's
gonna be great
ready minute okay okay so we're gonna
start cashew wants to meditate you so I
just found this it's a mini meditation
gosh you I found this minute meditation
on YouTube it's by headspace so I'm
gonna put it loud enough so you guys can
hear it we're gonna close our eyes
ignore Kashi whining if she does and do
some deep breathing erasing
no matter how their bodies just take
them bump into sit down and take a deep
breath
[Music]
all right mindful morning challenge
livestream done that was so much fun I'm
happy we did the minute meditation I
think everyone really enjoyed that
especially mr. Matt's heavy breathing
behind me
I'm gonna finish drinking this I go
brush my teeth
matt is just printing out my it's not
like a rough outline of a script for
this filming project so I can just
review my notes and yeah just the real
behind behind the scene you telling
Chloe hey what's up everyone Nicole here
and this is the audit today I'm going to
audit items from a YouTube channel
health net nutrition the good the bad
stuff in between and grade myself on
each one let's do this
[Music]
hi I'm Nicole from the nutrition and
yeah I'm going to audit my youtube
channel health and nutrition the good
the bad and everything in between
let's do this on it item number one
editing videos know that I filmed and
edited when I was living in Australia we
were renting out an apartment and
actually just over in front of apartment
so I was filming in the common space and
this was just on I was actually
following the video on my iPhone and
then I would transfer the footage to my
iPad and actually edit the videos using
the like free iMovie app auto type
number two testing recipes beforehand
what are you looking at now what do you
watch this is my healthier remake of the
very popular at the time at Starbucks
unicorns proper genome audit item number
three my first viral video all right so
this is my first an ever viral video and
it was titled what our unit day at work
and reason why I think it did so well is
because there really wasn't anything
like this on the internet that I could
find anyways I feel like with any video
that goes viral you can't really predict
it and it's kind of like a good accident
when I thought about this video I hadn't
there was not any thought in my mind
that it was gonna go viral or how the
impact that it did so that was my audit
at Huffman nutrition love you know what
you guys think yes
No leave me a comment down below and be
sure to ring that Bell subscribe and
check out the other audits
that was great we killed it we'll have
the finished product linked down below
once or no will let you not Instagram
cuz it won't be out until what like any
February so that's a wrap
cashew was such a good doggy cashew
you're the best
oh yeah what we say cookie but are close
to DISA Street oh I know Co Oki yes I
guess that was a big yawn okay there you
go see you potato okay run along
you guys want went to there's more oh my
god because she is so good so we just
wrapped up for the day I'm done I feel
good and accomplished
we finished the livestream this morning
we did the filming project with Shopify
further audit series
we shot some really cute video clips for
the website one of myself Matt and miss
cashew is so cute were just like on the
bed doing that whole like fake laugh no
we're actually laughing I think cashew
farted at one point and then we did some
really cute little Essential Oils clips
to put on my oils page and I think they
turned out really cute and yeah that was
on our to-do list for a bit and since
like I already had my hair and makeup
done and Matt was here we just thought
let's let's get them off of her to-do
list so we did that and you guys are
really good it's a really good I'm
productive when is it Monday today
Tuesday wow I really lose track of time
so for dinner tonight I think I'm gonna
make a shrimp stir-fry
I took out some shrimp already we're
trying out this meal or like meat
delivery system that's all like
sustainable me or sustainably sourced
local and just like good quality meat so
we've been trying that out so I'm just
trying out to seafood so I have some
shrimp thawing and I'm gonna just make a
stir fry use up all the veggies that are
in my fridge so maybe I'll get a little
clip of that and then that's gonna be it
I have some emails to catch up on since
I have not really been on emails at all
today so they like to pile up so I'm
gonna do that and I think I'm done I'm
excited I feel good but today I thank
you so much for coming
for the journey I was kind of just like
a busy workday but I like to film you
know weekend relaxation days but also
just like real workdays and like what
goes on behind the scenes so I hope you
guys enjoy today's video be sure to
subscribe for more weekly Friday vlogs a
link will be down below you can click
that red subscribe button and you will
be subscribed to the channel so you
don't miss out on a future video I also
do like what I eat in a day videos
routine videos recipe videos lots of
stuff so you guys can check that all out
and that's gonna be it a question of the
day today since we just kind of some
behind the scenes YouTube stuff I want
to know what is one thing you've always
wondered about being a youtuber like
what is a behind-the-scenes like but on
the business side of things or filming
side leave me a comment down below I
always find those questions really
interesting if there's anything that
you've ever wondered and you're like
what is it actually like to do this or
what is this like leave me a comment
down below I'm happy to answer it for
you and give you some insight on what
happens behind the scenes in the
business world of YouTube so thank you
so much for watching I will see you guys
in my next video and have a fabulous day
bye guys
[Music]
