[Music]
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez here
[Music]
[Music]
good morning Constance welcome back to
the blog I just finished stripping my
bed
some times a month not that time the
month it's the time to do all the
laundry which it's my least favorite
thing but it has to be done so I'm just
doing that drinking my horrible coffee
which Matt's so kindly made for me and I
am actually about to do some Pilates I
was gonna go to the gym with Matt but I
have to do a livestream at 10 for the
mindful morning challenge which today is
the last day that we're doing that
challenge so I got to do that so I feel
like I'm not gonna have time if we've
got a 5:00 go to the gym with him so I'm
just gonna do like a Pilates workout or
yoga or something at home so I can just
kind of get it done quicker and
basically today is gonna be like a
couple's weekend routine vlog we're
going to show you guys what we've like
what we've been doing kind of every
weekend specifically Sunday because
today's Sunday and yeah it's gonna be
very casual vlog it's gonna be fun and
I'm gonna stop procrastinating because I
need to like get this in the wash do my
Pilates or yoga haven't decided yet and
get ready for this livestream because
it's in like 45 minutes so I gotta do
this quick okay Cheers let's go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Matt just got back from the gym
how you feeling you've been on it what
I'm doing dishes oh oh sorry my bad
oh thanks Matt oh I read for pancakes
yeah yes and they'll go for Ike yes yeah
I'm not pretty much hate you are man
you've been like killing at the gym
every day I'm just trying to keep up you
know I let it go for so long kids my
all-time lows red cashew put on the back
of the car look at it anymore you know
magic
hey man gotta keep up with the cast you
yeah huh
you know oh she's a hugger
hey guys you know Sorek sent in a video
keep the dog out of it that's what I
said no life for you mate
I know like never own channel all right
so first I'm going to set the mood and a
few some oils Scalla water by the way I
have a whole oils page if you guys want
to learn more about the oils that I use
and why and all that stuff
you guys can check that out I'll have it
linked down below I'm using some thieves
right now it's really good for immune
support and just cleaning the air
and if you're wondering the smell it
kind of has like this spicy citrus scent
to it I really like it with orange I
find it's a really nice scent and today
is gonna be a cleaning day so I want to
clean the air and make it smell nice in
here oh I might be out of this one I
bought oh not has a little bit more okay
and then I'm just gonna pop on smokey
ray cash and a lot of people ask about
oils and pets and I did a lot of
research because I was worried too when
I first got cash too and I wanted to
diffuse my oils but I did a bunch of
research so there's a ton a link um a
resource for you guys down below but I
would just recommend you know start slow
with them and every dog is different
just like people cashew does not mind
them at all if anything she will hang
out in a room when it's diffusing but we
just keep all the doors open so that she
can you know not be trapped in a room if
she doesn't like the scent all right so
I'm making some pancakes before we head
out on our hike this morning we just
find the recipes I got the health nut
cookbook oh and my favorite pancakes are
in this book I can find another girl so
these are my everyday gluten-free fluffy
pancakes they're so good they're healthy
you can't even tell and they need just
like a few ingredients so I'm gonna grab
everything I'm gonna make these so
really fast to make which is good
because I'm hungry and I want to I want
to get these made so we can go for a
hike so let's grab everything
[Music]
[Music]
so this is what the batter should look
like it's okay for it to still have some
lumps in it you want that actually
otherwise your pancakes aren't gonna get
nice and fluffy so I'm just gonna heat
up my pan and we're gonna start cooking
this up
this is the butter I like to cook my
pancakes in it's the maple Lee's ghee
and it's delicious has like a little
hint of maple and it tastes really good
at pancakes
[Music]
now my number one tip for fluffy
pancakes is to get a lid and cover it
and then they like rise and bake as if
they're in the oven I don't have done it
for years it works every time
oh and set a timer so you don't forget
okay so you know when they're ready when
the edges start to kind of round in all
right fingers crossed it's hard to do
with one hand even though you only need
one hand to flip it and you'll start to
get to see those bubbles as well I mean
I made these kind of big so I probably
could leave them on for a second longer
but you got that nice golden color and
you want to make sure your pan is nice
and hot before you put the batter
otherwise it's gonna spread you see that
fluff you see that fluff they're gonna
be good
[Music]
you can get this recipe on page 49 under
breakfast so good and here I just have
them topped with peanut butter sunflower
seeds raspberries and maple syrup and it
is so delicious
in the book real life book really book
real life they look really good in real
life and they taste even better so Matt
is just heating up some leftover bacon
I'm cutting up some oranges on the side
and then that's gonna be our Sunday
morning breakfast nothing like the smell
of bacon in the morning oh so excited I
feel like a French you know so I like to
put peanut butter red and sunflower
seeds on my pancakes mmm good orange
yeah mm-hmm so yeah for our weekend
routine what would you say that we
normally do on Sundays Costco sometimes
yeah cleaning I want to organize that
linen closet very exciting stuff you do
your supper when you're adulting you
know what though one of my goal is to
share husband to be more organized and I
feel like I've just been picking like
corners and spots in the house and
taking it slow and just like organizing
at one space at a time and it's making a
difference like I feel like the places
I've already done mm-hm
because once you create that system it's
easier to put things away and for the
house to look actually clean and
organized so I'll show you guys the
before like the closets messy it's not
pretty
no and every time I open it I'm like
linen closets towels and cleaning yeah
let me hard to make them look good see
what happened oh it's gonna be a
transformation so we'll see how that
pans out
now I'm gonna eat these very lucky
pancakes is she doing
cashews moves you just like walks by
looks at you kind of like I'm going to
the back get your ass over there to da
she's like I'm gonna go back I go P
doesn't even look at us I just walks by
there she looked gave me the eyeball so
good we're gonna eat this and then go
for a hike
and I'm gonna get back we'll just am
organizing or I will I'm very excited
about this linen closet I've mentioned
this many times that when we head out
for a walk Matt likes to lift all the
carpets up all of the chairs and run all
of the robots we also have pile of
laundry to put away when we get back I'm
bundled up I got two layers of pants on
I got my avocado socks and I'm ready for
a nature hike
kocchi you got to get your jacket on
let's get your jacket on okay
you know naraku's email people walk
website is she not the cutest huh
a eunuch tokuda can you handle this
cuteness just got a little parka on
we're gonna put some poop bags in there
and I'm gonna put some treats in my
pocket she gets all serious before she
knows we're heading out
she's like I got to stay focused to make
sure we leave yeah I know she's so
serious right now
[Music]
we're just out for a little whoop a
slippery little hike so nice so I say
this every time but every time I come
out here I'm just amazed by how
beautiful nature is and how this is not
out of a movie like it just looks like
winter wonderland there's some people
across King earth cross-country skiing
right now and it's actually pretty warm
like it's not windy hey men no it's not
and I'm at forgot his gloves and
earmuffs cash is loving her life and we
just leave her off leash because she's
very friendly we're not worried about
her biting or attacking anyone but we
are really mindful of other hikers just
in case like how she runs up to them you
know not everyone knows that cash is a
friendly dog and also to like not
everyone's a dog person a monster like
running up and jumping on them so
anytime we see people we'll just like
put her leash back on and its really
good for training because it trains her
to like come back to us and listen and
yeah we just use this as an opportunity
to to train her although I feel like
I've noticed already huge difference
with cashew now that she's one if she
just listens more and she stays with us
so anyway so we're gonna go for a nice
little hike oh she ran off
[Music]
she's scooting down you're gonna go have
a sip of water
back at home now and I want to show you
guys the before of our linen closet it's
so messy cashew agrees and it just needs
some organization and love and a lot of
things you're crying - I know so yeah we
need to we need to fix this up and I'll
show you guys the bins that I bought
from Target so here is everything I
picked up and I just I'm just gonna like
I do have kind of a game plan of what
I'm gonna do in the closet for all these
different baskets and then I think
there's five shelves I need to cover so
I think I'm gonna put one of these these
are more like a floppy basket they're
just fabric I'm gonna put one at the top
and the bottom so I can easily pull them
out and then I have just some other
ideas I got like two baskets I can do
side-by-side I got a wire one so maybe I
can put like toilet paper in there these
I saw last minute these are actually
like metal and I really liked the color
I thought maybe cleaning products could
go in these I don't really know so I'm
gonna pull everything out of the linen
closet and then figure out my game plan
of the shelves before I put everything
back in
[Music]
so here are the shelves all empty I'm
just gonna give them a quick wipe down
and then figure out which shelves are
gonna go where
[Music]
[Music]
so this is what I have so far with the
basket configuration I mean I feel like
it's gonna work I ended up just grabbing
this one from downstairs we used to have
this in one of our bathrooms as like a
pantry or not a pantry a laundry basket
so I'm gonna see how this works once I
start filling it up with things I think
just the idea of having baskets is gonna
make it look way cleaner and then I'm
thinking I'm gonna put it like my
cleaning stuff in here so it's just
gonna be easier to pull out when I need
it this will be extra linens down there
will be maybe dirty cleaning cloths or
just extra cleaning supplies I'm not too
sure yet so I'm just going to start
putting things in here slowly and seeing
how it all comes together
[Music]
here is the final look so I have my main
white towels here like my body towels I
have my hand towels I usually have extra
and I just swap them out when I wash the
ones in the bathroom over here I have
the TP I have my face cloths that I use
every single day I just wash them and
roll them up and then down here I have a
couple of cleaning items these are the
reusable pads that go to my steam mop
and then it's hard it's really dark to
see but back there I have the reusable
pads for our iRobot vacuums and cleaners
I have my steamer I have my iron back
there here I have all my cleaning
products so they're just really easy to
grab down here I kind of just use this
as like a catch-all for kind of like my
bulkier cleaning items excess things I'm
gonna have some attachments for the
robots yeah
just like just some random stuff that I
thought I would just put in there so
that way I don't actually have things on
the floor which is nice and then up top
here I have some excess cleaning things
I'll take this down so in this bin I
just have some excess foaming hand wash
I have some backup of a laundry
detergent this one that I'm excited to
try I have some backup of these are like
reusable and paper towels so I have that
up there and then this is just some
extra bed sheets that I have up there so
that way when I do my bedding I can have
backup so I'm just going to put this
back up so it just fits in that corner
so clearly not everything went back here
and that's okay because I want it to
look cleaner and be more accessible for
me to find things so I may play around
with it I'll probably add more hand
towels here for the kitchen towels as
well I just have
I want to wash but I'm gonna actually
move some excess stuff that I don't need
to the downstairs bathroom so I don't
have to have everything up here making
it really cluttery this could change but
I think it's really cute and organized
right now and I'm just gonna feel so
much better like look you're just open
it you're like oh what so clean and
organized and it doesn't stress me out
now when I open it
so it's later in the day I'm showered
changed from my sweaty morning clothes
but I just want to share so you guys
some food set a meal prepping today we
try when we can and we have the time we
try to prep at least a couple of meals
on a Sunday or during the weekend at
some point and just block off one or two
hours because honestly meal prepping
makes such a difference it really helps
you stay on track with eating at home
eating healthy and not being tempted to
order in and get takeout so I'm actually
just chopping up some veggies I'm making
a beef and chicken bone broth it's been
on my list for a bit and it's a great
way to clean up like leftover veggies in
your fridge so you don't waste them
that's one of my goals this year is to
really reduce our food waste and just
cook more at home so that's what I'm
making I'm also probably gonna prep a
couple of other things the bone broth is
something that we can make soups with
you can just drink it as is it's really
soothing and warming and it's just like
a really nutrient dense liquid that I'm
gonna be making so really excited this
has been on my to-do list for a bit and
the weekend is a perfect time to do it
so these are some bones that I picked up
from my local health food store recently
so they you can actually buy meat and
bones specifically for broth the nice
thing is is that it's sometimes a little
bit cheaper for instance this one is
organic chicken soup bones it was 316
and you want the bones I was listening
to a podcast I think it's called the
genius life I'll link it down below
they're talking about bone broth and
it's really important that there's a
mixture of meat and bones like for the
cartilage and stuff because that's where
you're gonna get all that collagen and
get that really gelatinous bone broth
and then another thing that I heard is
that you should do a mix so I'm doing
chicken and beef and the
one here is beef bone marrow I believe
it is I don't actually see where it says
but I'm pretty sure it's bone marrow and
then okay this is gonna sound funny and
I'm sorry if you're like what the hell
is that but chicken feet and that's
another thing so this is only 336 and
these are all organic so they're gonna
be a little bit more expensive but you
want organic especially because you're
getting all of the nutrients out of the
bones and you don't want any toxins
going into your broth so these are
chicken feet and the nice thing is is
that you know I may seem cringy but like
you don't want to waste that they you
know you don't want to waste parts of
the chicken so it's great that you can
use these parts to make a really
nourishing and delicious bone broth so
I'm gonna do a mixture of the three here
I'm not gonna use all of this bone broth
the beef bone marrow I mean and I just
pieces that you think would have been
thrown away you can repurpose them a lot
of times stores and butchers will have
these set aside specifically for making
bone broth which i think is awesome
over here I have some carrots I have a
mixture of like some small ones and big
ones just cleaning out my fridge I have
some celery I just chopped up once again
you want to look for organic especially
since you're going to be cooking these
for a long time and getting all the
nutrients out of the vegetables I have
onion here I'm gonna chop up another one
I'm probably gonna add in some garlic a
bay leaf lots of spices like sea salt
and black pepper and I'm just gonna play
around add this to a roasting pan roast
it and then add it to a pot and let it
cook for the rest of the day
[Music]
so this is what it looks like I just
kind of piled on everything everything
is kind of frozen so I'm hoping it just
thaws I did not think ahead of time but
it's gonna be roasting for a little bit
so I'm sure it's gonna be fine
and either way it's gonna be delicious
even if I'm not doing this properly but
if you guys have me bone broth before
you have any suggestions leave me a
comment down below because I'm a newbie
at this and then you're gonna just pop
it into the oven to bake and roast and
get nice and flavorful so in case you're
wondering this is the blog that I've
been just referencing for my bone broth
it's called the forks the forked spoon
and she has some really good
recommendations on like tips and tricks
for making bone broth which I thought
were really useful so if you guys want
to check her out I'll link this down
below as well I am just a newbie like I
said so I'm just kind of doing my own
thing but there's some really good tips
on here that I would suggest following
if you want to make a really bomb-ass
bone broth
[Music]
so while that's roasting I'm going to
enjoy my favorite drink lately I
mentioned this in my last what I eat in
a day video it's so refreshing so
definitely check out that video if
you're curious what's in here
you want to make it it's really good
it's really refreshing there's no sugar
so good okay so I'm just gonna scroll
through my cookbook right now and I want
to make something from here for today's
meal prep I'm thinking I'm gonna make my
raw chocolate chip cookie dough because
I'm obsessed I can't get enough of it
it's such a good recipe if you guys have
not made it yet you're missing out so
I'm probably gonna make that and I might
even make like a chili or something like
this one here my kwikki chikki chili
that's really really good so this is
what I do on Sundays otherwise we have
like family over for dinner or something
or friends but it's a really chill
Sunday today cashews chewing on a bone
in the background I apologize for the
crunching noises but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I'm gonna end it
now so I can focus on my meal prepping
but I just wanted to say yeah thank you
for watching also question the day today
what is your favorite thing about the
weekends what do you always look forward
to the most I would love to know leave
me a comment down below and if you guys
aren't already subscribed to the channel
you guys can click that red subscribe
button down below
I post videos every single week we have
vlogs come out on every single Friday
and then on Wednesdays it's like morning
routines what I eat in the day grocery
hauls recipes all that fun stuff so I
will see you guys in the next vlog have
a cup of this day and enjoy your day
[Music]
