[Music]
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez here
[Music]
[Music]
how's your smoothie how we greet catch
you every time we get home wait for an
hour
hi Annie hi I guess you look what I got
tattoo so back from the gym now it was
such a hard class oh my god I don't even
know how I made it through but anyways
just wanted to say hello and introduce
the vlog since I haven't done that yet
and I'm so excited for today's video I'm
gonna be sharing tips on how I actually
stay healthy every day like little tips
that I do that I just incorporate into
my life and that just kind of keep me on
track because people ask me all the time
like how do you stay motivated how do
you continue to want to eat healthy and
wanna work out so during today's vlog
I'm just gonna share some little tips
and stuff that hopefully will help you
guys out as well in your own fitness and
health journey one of the things as you
saw we had for breakfast this morning
was a green smoothie and one of my tips
is to start your day with something
healthy I feel like if you start your
day with something healthy you are more
likely to want to eat healthy and want
to be active and feel good throughout
the rest of the day as opposed to
starting your day with like a croissant
and I don't know a Frappuccino or
something it just kind of puts you in
this mind frame where already you're
like yeah today's the write off I'm just
gonna eat whatever and do what I want so
start your day with something healthy
and nourishing so you can feel your best
but also be motivated to do
you good habits throughout the day
today's video is very exciting because
it's actually a collaboration with a
fellow Canadian youtuber live front
keeping up with live you guys may have
already subscribed to her channel and
checked out her videos but live does a
ton of recipe videos healthy fitness
style video so if you guys like my
channel you will definitely like hers
and she's gonna be doing a video sharing
some recipes from the HealthNet cookbook
which if you don't have a copy already
I'll have the link down below I launched
it last fall and there's so many
delicious recipes in it so she's gonna
be making a couple of recipes from that
so if you guys want to see them in
action definitely check her out I'll
have a link for her video down below and
you can watch it at the end of this
video and Liv just has like even her
Instagram a ton of fitness inspiration
she's always working out and her recipes
are she does like a lot of Paleo recipes
and plant-based recipes although she has
like a variety something for everyone so
kind of like my channel I feel like you
guys will love her recipes they're very
easy and simple and healthy and just
easy foods to incorporate into your
lifestyle so definitely go subscribe to
live check out her channel I know you
guys will love it and I'm gonna be
making actually a recipe from her blog I
have it here I was checking out all the
recipes and there's one that I've been
wanting to make for a while and it is
her cookies and cream chocolate bar it
looks so easy it looks really really
good and fun fact one of my favorite
chocolate bars growing up was the
cookies and cream from Hershey and I
feel like that's what this is inspired
from so I got all the ingredients and
I'm gonna be making that later today so
it's stay tuned for that
but let's head out we gotta go for our
hike and find my water bottle and yeah I
get some fresh air
cuz it's a nice sunny day out today
this is when we get our second exercise
in running after cashew just outside for
a little nature hike it's actually much
colder in the woods but I thought
because you're kind of sheltered from
the Sun so it's a little cooler luckily
I bundled up cashew is having the time
of her life yeah she loves a good stick
sunshine so one of my tips to staying on
my fitness and health goals is to get
out in nature I talked about that all
the time but honestly it's like free
therapy it makes me feel so good there's
just something about being outside in
nature that just affects the body on a
whole nother level and I don't think
it's like a coincidence I think that
we're meant to be outside more and being
inside all the time is more unnatural
and it's easy to stay inside when it's
cold out but I feel like this winter
I've just been embracing the cold and
instead of complaining about it I just
bundle up and even though I just thought
it was cold out but like I've just been
bundling up and enjoying it for what it
is because the reality is is in Canada
especially like it's cold I'd say three
quarters of the year so if you don't
enjoy the winter you're just gonna be
home indoors like most of the year which
is really depressing and it's important
for us to get like that sunshine on your
skin on your eyes and it just helps lift
your mood and I just feel so much better
when I get outside so something that
I've been definitely enjoying this
winter having a puppy obviously helps
getting outside more by even if you
don't have a dog you don't have a force
like this near you cuz we never did you
know just like doing things like walking
around your neighborhood or parking a
bit further in walking to the store you
know everyone wants to park like right
next to the door but just like little
habits throughout the day to get
yourself outside more I think is really
helpful right mutton get outside it's
like what she said you know
catch you look mommy has stick oh give a
stick nobody Robin here back at home now
and I'm about to make some breakfast
wraps for mattaniah for lunch so it's
kind of like breakfast for lunch today I
feel like that's totally a weekend thing
but one of my tips is when you are
craving foods instead of running out to
a fast food place or a restaurant to go
get it sorry cashew is so annoying do
you mind this isn't for you no it's not
for you so one of my tips is because I
recently had a breakfast wrap at a local
health food store and it was so good and
instead of like going out and buying it
I'm just gonna make it at home so I do
that a lot with things some things I'm
craving or foods that I have out at a
restaurant I will just recreate it at
home so what I'm gonna do I'm doing my
own little twist I have these breakfast
sausages that have been in the freezer
for a bit from row farms I'm gonna saute
those up I'm gonna crack in a few eggs
and then kind of do it like a sausage
and egg thing with a little bit of
grated cheddar I love this one by Trader
Joe's it's so good and I'm just gonna
wrap it up so yeah we'll see what it
turns out like but it's what I'm craving
and I'm gonna make it for lunch
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
my bad I meant to add the sausage in
with the egg yolk but that's fine just
mix that up the sausage is already
cooked so turn off the heat wrap Matt
just brought me back all of the smart
sweets he said there was a sale Oh Matt
you know how to win win my heart these
are kind of my favorites I think the
sour blast buddies but I know I like
this yeah those are good again I'm
enjoying those light waves these ones
these are grapes I've worked with them
before but I'm just like actually an
obsessive customer of theirs are so good
there's only three grams of sugar per
pack and there's fiber and I don't feel
like I have a sugar rush after I eat a
peg and I usually bring this with me to
the movies tonight we're going bowling
so maybe he'll bring one in my purse
with me and sneak one in
[Music]
all right I'm excited for this burrito
nut burrito a breakfast burrito I guess
by the way another tip always I've
mentioned this before in other videos
always carry a water bottle with you
because you're more likely to drink
water if they're a if it's more
convenient there's just one next to you
but also just pick like a bottle and you
like this is one that I've used for
years it's one that we sell in the
health nut shop I love this one easy to
clean
it's easy the pill and cash is trying to
take my breakfast burrito serves me
right for always eating on the coffee
table all right let's see what this
tastes like
see if it's that's good as good as the
one that I got from the health food
store they're gone much better
why do I make this stuff oh so good mmm
I need some hot sauce one time right I
just like
Oh nailed it so good just make the food
you're creeping at home right homemade
is best so we are making the cookies and
cream chocolate from Libs website and so
if you just go to keeping up with lib
calm you can just search it and it's
super simple it's just coconut butter
cacao butter Oreos maple syrup and then
optional is cacao nibs so I already have
some of the ingredients which by the way
I bought this specifically for this
recipe whoa
never I don't know if I bought in cacao
butter right I've used it in like my
body butters tastes like chocolate kind
of like wait I could see why this is
going to taste like white chocolate okay
Wow so good I mean maple syrup luckily I
only need a little bit because we're
almost out I also have put up not
someone's alarm is going off um coconut
butter I actually use this stuff a ton
and even in a lot of recipes in the
health nut cookbook I love it it's also
known as coconut mana it's the same
thing it's basically just the meat of
the coconut and the oil all mixed
together just like peanut butter or any
other nut butter except it's coconut
butter and I like to this is a new
bottle I like to melt like warm it up a
bit because I find I don't know if you
can see but the coconut oil always sits
at the top and then
meat is at the bottom so I'm just gonna
warm up some water in a pot and then I'm
just gonna melt it mix it through like
you would with peanut butter like when
it separates so I'm gonna mix it up and
then it says here using a double broiler
melt the cocoa butter coconut butter
people start up in vanilla and then
basically you're just gonna melt it move
it to a loaf pan sprinkle it with
crushed Oreos oh yes so I bought these
these are just like the healthier for
Yas but they're still Oreos they're
still cookies these are just the ones by
glue - no there's gluten-free ones and I
was just doing some like just testing to
make sure the product like quality
testing and I already tried to cut all
they're really good like I never liked
Oreos growing up as a kid I'm the way
you're fine just know I never liked
Oreos bring up that a kid no as an adult
I love them oh my god okay so we're
gonna crush these on them in and then
pop it into the freezer to say so easy
do you want to do want a room well yeah
we took you for an hour and a half pipe
through the woods you be like I know my
cookie no I met you they're good cookie
format cookie for cashew
so I have it sitting in hot water and
they'll just kind of soft them up and
you just kind of mix it in I do this
with two hits
[Music]
you can see it's already melting and the
coconut oil is mixing what you need and
as you can see this is what it looks
like everything kind of melts together
really nicely it takes over like 10
minutes so we have the cacao butter the
cocoa butter some maple syrup and add in
a splash of vanilla OOP that was that
was actually a lot and then I'm just
gonna kind of mix it up so I have a
double boiler going on here there's some
water in there and then I just have a
glass bowl over top and it just kind of
melts it without burning it definitely
added too much vanilla okay so
everything is melted down there's just
like one little chunk left so all that
cools I just want to talk about the
reason why I want to do this recipe for
today's videos so as I was mentioning
just little things I do to stay on track
with my health goals one of them is like
I said making foods that maybe I have
gotten in a restaurant or something that
I crave making something that I grew up
eating and it's very missed all hooked
to me and I crave sometimes I will just
make a healthier version at home so
something like these cookies and cream
chocolate bars like that is something I
have been I crave all the time I just
have never made my own healthier option
at home so I'm very excited for this
recipe but you know it can be like
anything if you're craving I don't know
like chocolate-covered almonds like just
make them at home they take two seconds
and if anything you can get some really
awesome quality chocolate put a little
sea salt on there and enjoy something
that's even better than store-bought so
like it's fine to have cravings
I have cravings all the time and I never
restrict myself like there's some times
where I'm craving a chocolate chip
cookie dough ice cream and I'm gonna get
a scoop and that's totally fine but
there's obviously like for the majority
of the time when I'm having a sweet
craving because I'm definitely more of a
sweet person than salty when it comes to
cravings and snacks I like to just make
a lot of my sweet treats at home so I
can you know not feel
it's not even about feeling guilty it's
about being able to eat it and then
still feel good afterwards like
physically I find if I just eat too much
like junk food and sweets I don't feel
my best anxiety isn't great I just feel
like my stomach doesn't feel good and
it's just yes not about the calories or
like you know the the weight on the
scale it's just about how I feel
mentally and physically and I just don't
feel good with all that extra sugar and
salt so I like to make it at home when I
can okay so I think I'm gonna give it a
few more minutes to cool I'm gonna crush
up my cookies actually I could do that
stop eating these I'm gonna see how many
I need I'm just gonna top some of them
up get my pan like just lined with some
parchment paper and that way we'll be
all set for when the chocolate mixture
is cooled so I lined a loaf pan and I
just sprinkled in the crushed Oreos so I
have those lined on the bottom here is
my make sure that looks pretty cool
that's been cooling for a bit and now I
think we can transfer it over top yes
I'm just gonna mix those in a bit
I have some leftover cookie crumbles I'm
just gonna crumble at the top here and
then it says just to stick this into the
fridge for 20 minutes to set so it's
been exactly 20 minutes and it's
hardened looks nice and white so I guess
once the cocoa butter hardened it kind
of overpowered that vanilla and maple
syrup coloring so I'm going to pull this
out and then cut it up into some bars
looks really good though now it's time
for a taste test mmm
oh yeah that's so creamy I mean
chocolate cookies in green chocolate was
just so good mmm
so like nostalgic too to like the
Hershey's style that crunch from the
cookies is so good mmm so like I said
this is on her blog and the best thing
is is that you can just freeze it I'm
going to eat this all right now so I'll
probably pop some of it back in the
freezer and just like a storage
container
but yeah it's so good very chocolaty and
like a white chocolate kind of way
anyways thanks so much
Liv for collaborating with me guys go
definitely go check her out she was a
ton of recipes and fitness and health
inspiration style videos I'll have her
video that she did featuring some
recipes from the health net cookbook
linked down below go check out her
channel go subscribe I'm gonna eat
basically eating dessert before dinner
so I'm gonna end the vlog here because
I'm actually gonna start getting ready
since we're going out for a friend's
birthday party tonight we went bowling
and I think we're gonna grab actually
some sushi for dinner so that's another
tip is be flexible sorry Matt's just
getting cashew side didn't already be
flexible like so I've eaten all my meals
at home today and I have nuts no problem
with eating out I just don't do it all
the time and I feel like Matt and I have
been eating at home way more this year
which has been really nice and but at
the same time I like to treat myself and
just not cook sometimes on the weekend
so even when it comes to meal prepping
you know leave some room for meals that
you're gonna order in or eat out because
that's just life I think thinking of
food in a way that's just more flexible
and realistic is gonna set you up for
actually achieving your goals as opposed
to like beating yourself up if you like
eat out or don't have like food prepped
in the fridge or something cuz like
right now our fridge is like empty and
that's fine I just when we are making me
also just use what we have and sometimes
I create new recipes and meals because I
have to get inspired
to use up what we have instead of just
like going out and buying a bunch of
stuff and then wasting some food that we
don't use up so yeah just we're gonna go
up for sushi but when I do go up for
sushi I tried to like be a little bit
balanced and not get like all the fried
stuff I try to get stuff like sweet
potato and avocado edamame and just kind
of balance it out and then usually just
drink water since I don't really drink
pop anyways so that's my tips I hope you
guys enjoy today's vlog it was so much
fun to hang out with you guys today and
I hope you guys had a good day when
you're watching this it's probably gonna
be a Friday so you guys aren't going
into the weekend as we are full in to
our weekend anyways thank you so much
for watching be sure to subscribe hit
that links down below
I post new videos every single week on
my channel if you're coming from Liv's
channel hello welcome I promise I look
more put-together sometimes than this
normally not but sometimes so you guys
can look out for what a in the day
videos morning routines recipe videos
and then every Friday I have a new vlog
here so thank you for watching I'll see
you guys in my next one and have a
fabulous day
bye guys
[Music]
