[Music]
so we've got a food expert Nicole
Gonzalez here
[Music]
hey health nuts welcome back to today's
vlog I'm here with mr. Matt we're
currently packing getting ready for a
little couples getaway so last week was
Valentine's Day so we decided to instead
of doing something on Valentine's Day we
decided to book a little getaway to
Arrowhead and it's basically up north
kind of like mirror Huntsville area
right it's like oh it didn't okay well I
don't know anyways they have this really
cute thing we've been wanting to do for
a couple years now you can they have
like daytime and nighttime skating and
it's through the forest and at night
they have a little little like tiki
torches and I don't know it looks really
cool when you see it online so we're
gonna do that tonight it's gonna be a
little chilly just a little bit so we're
gonna bundle up but it's fine I feel
like we're used to taking Kasia for our
hike when it's pretty cold so we're
gonna Matt's doing his army rolling up
no it's never been in the army so we've
got some laundry that I'm not putting
away sorry Matt we're gonna leave this
for when I get back but I am pretty much
packed and ready to go I'm just gonna
throw a couple of last-minute things in
my bag for umm we're really just going
for two days two days one night it's a
quick little couple's getaway but it'd
be nice just to go enjoy some nighttime
skating and a nice dinner clothes coming
over to watch miss cashew where she
there she is
hi oh she just went for a hike with
Daddy cashew isn't she a Khloe coming
see a Khloe coming yeah yeah mom I don't
know why she's like a teenage boy yeah
mom's just coffee sorry for all the dogs
BAM
so here's my bag I like to pack pretty
light I have my toiletries in this bag
here I have some I actually know why I
should probably bring an extra pair of
pants to layer cuz mat says it's gonna
be pretty cold I'm bringing a book and
finishing this girl wash your face I
know I'm still behind but I want to read
her next book so I'm like halfway
through so I'm gonna finish reading that
that's my goal this year is to fin
books and then in here I have of course
my beauty net skincare Pitts fresh
refresh that's amazing I got some dry
shampoo from my friend joy from Joy's
health oh there's some focus it's for
brunettes I love the stuff and then for
oils what do I have here for oils I'm
bringing a couple of my favorites
I'm just we're just going for one night
but I use oils every day okay so I have
valor which is such an amazing scent it
has blue tansy in it I'm just obsessed a
lot of people say this is their favorite
oil and I've just started using it and I
can totally see why so many people love
this like I can see myself using it
everyday I'm also bringing a lavender I
have a little roller attachment on this
wine it just because I use it all the
time and just makes it really easy to
apply oh don't get we're on the bed okay
then the other thing that I use kind of
like a perfume as well but also just for
the emotional support is this one called
peace and calming which is essentially a
mix of yelling mewling and orange
essential oils it smells so good it
might be my favorite favorite oil I love
it use it as perfume a lot and then my
bedtime oil I use every single night is
tranquil but which is also a roller I'll
show you guys so so roller as well so I
really like the rollers you can make
your own roller blends but I love this
one for bedtime I put it on my wrist my
neck you can also put on your feet which
you absorb oils really easily and
quickly that way too so I have those
going in here and then I have my beauty
net lip balm somewhere I think it's in
my purse
oh and then of course I have my thieves
hand purifier this is non-drying
non-toxic its uses the thieves popular
blend it's like clove cinnamon rosemary
Orange it smells so good and it's
non-toxic so I have that in there and I
got my glasses I feel like I'm ready to
go so I'm gonna pack this up we got to
get going we are already so behind we
were supposed to leave like two hours
ago so gotta kind of rush now
and it's like a two-hour drive so yeah I
don't know we should've locked all right
in the car ready to go I brought some
snacks I got some others here got some
Spanky's mmm
picked up a little beyond meat burger
for a quick lunch some hacks to make it
a little bit healthier is asked for the
whole grain bun and then if you're gonna
do cheese which this one has it if you
can't really tell get the real cheddar
cheese not the process stuff I always
add extra lettuce extra pickles and I go
light on the sauce and I honestly am
obsessed with beyond me burgers they're
so good
[Music]
we're here checking just a cute little
lodge - it was done yeah it's a really
nice entryway and it was very affordable
I think it was like a one kind of night
was very budget friendly well like that
this is the place sorry what so much
stuff one night but I always think you
need like the same things whether you
stay for one night or three so this is
nice so the lady at the front desk is
super nice she's like do you want to do
I think it's called fire and ice the
skating never doing tonight I don't
think I've actually mentioned what we're
doing yeah we're doing this like
nighttime skating with tiki torches and
stuff no I think I did mention it anyway
she's like yeah parking it fills up
really quick so it starts it's like from
6:00 to 9:00 so she just said go over
early cuz like the parking just fills up
and then you have to walk and it's cold
out so I'm gonna not walk too far if I
can avoid it so I'm gonna quickly change
I didn't we didn't know if we're gonna
go for dinner first but I'm gonna put on
my layers go to the skate and then and
then come back and eat at the restaurant
here so I'm gonna I'm gonna get changed
really quickly put on all my layers so
I'm nice and toasty warm and then we're
gonna head out because we want to get
there and get some parking alright
outfit of the day I got two pairs pants
on I got eight that look like my skin
it's just that I got nude turtleneck on
a another sweater on this is like a
weird you call this color matte maroon
yeah I got my hot from made well and
then I have my little jacket I'm gonna
put on my winter boots that are in the
car and then I have two sets of gloves
in case it's really cold which it kind
of is so that's what I'm wearing
you're come here you're what's happening
here your rep and ringing the same thing
as me black sweatpants purple sweater
are under layered
I know Matt Oh sing Matt looks like he's
about to scuba dive underneath he has
like all his thermals on look our
sweaters are like the same color
the later moons whiter they're both from
Lille that one's lighter
yeah okay my person hopefully there's
parking I think it looks too early and
it goes from 6:00 to 9:00 so like not
everyone's gonna go right through
whatever starts apparently it gets
really busy though so maybe today cause
it's like - tomorrow section
or it's like primetime just better also
being up here is giving that night major
like cottageville oh yeah right Oh like
Matt's parents used to have a cottage in
Huntsville and they sold it a couple of
years ago and we I mean at the time
there was no way for us to like buy it
from them we were like just getting back
from traveling for two years we had no
money so that wasn't an option but I'm
telling you if they were selling it now
we talked because we are on a hunt for a
cottage ourselves and yep being out here
in cottage land it's just like making me
want even more calming kind of ski well
Matt's holding mine because I'm vlogging
it's so cute though they have all these
little tikis tiki torches buzzer calls
I'll show you guys and they're all kind
of lined up and we're just following it
walking through the snow so I got my
very mitts on it's gonna be a cold
one but lucky for me they were all out
of size eight skates but the seven I
guess they fit bag the seven is fine
yeah and then matt has his own pair that
he brought he just sharpened yes other
people come
like why are you talking to the camera
who are you who do you think you are
Matt Damon not not true at all
[Music]
there it is no one's haunting it cuz it
only starts at 6:00
[Music]
okay I feel like this is my first time
skating although it's not do you can you
believe I took figure skating classes
watch this
you're you're rusty too
[Music]
that's how you do it
I'm kind of getting the hang of it -
Matt fishing me but this is cool he's
especially second blog nice skating
we're like we should get skates also
there's like oh my god
also there's like a guy in front of a
smokey which i think is so rude I'm like
thank you buddy
ruining my nature experience hey we can
just keep doing this this is good
[Music]
[Music]
back in our hotel room and we put the
heat up high so be nice and toasty leave
because I didn't see the camera so I'm
pretty tired now it's time to change for
our fancy dinner I told Matt I'm like
him I'm ordering the most fancy thing on
the menu it's probably just gonna be
like fish sir what are you getting send
me on an extensive menu no it's not I
feel like I made my decision in two
minutes because I kind of really knew
what I wanted fish and scallops what's
beef wellington it's like me that's
wrapped in like a pastry
yeah yeah I'll put an image rate of
right here of it mm-hmm that's great I
would get the Arctic chart that sounds
good
places cute
lots of people everyone's in the booth
though we took the last one
they they really only have one
restaurant north so we were know on
choices by it no they got something they
got a good variety yeah it's kind of
feeling like treating myself sit on that
under you'd animate piece of fish and
sea scallops and they have to have
scallops I didn't think they would but
on appetizers there's like tapas menu so
I'm going to try that and then the fish
comes with like sweet potato while fries
vegetables blood orange leaking
cranberry
[Music]
good morning ah what a gorgeous day
good morning I look like a poopoo head
Matt's just ordering miss a morning you
look so fresh I look like not so fresh
matt is just ordering some contacts for
me I'm in the bathroom though getting
ready and I totally forgot that I was
vlogging I was like I should get the
camera so I mean I say you guys stop and
I'm just gonna do my quick morning
skincare regimen mmm this is not ideal
you guys are so low anyways I just put
on my contacts rinse my face first and
then I take some rose water I bring like
the travel packs from luminance they're
amazing I'll link the travel pack down
below Matt and I bring it we both have
one we bring it everywhere no rose water
is so good though it just instantly
wakes you up hydrates your skin and last
night it was so dry like we had the heat
on too high I don't know it was like we
woke up at 6 a.m. hosing Sahara it was
so bad
ok so I took a shower late last night so
I'm not going to work today I'm doing
this guy here this is just the
moisturizer Oh hydration keeping my
makeup really like today I'm gonna use
these two guys together this is my CC
cream this adds a little bit of bronzer
Matt got me this in my fir Christmas in
my stocking and I'm just gonna mix which
it just catching over like a little and
usually I put like sunscreen on too but
the CC cream has sunscreen on
[Music]
this stuff is nice too because you can
just mix it in your regular moisturizer
and it just adds like a little bit of
color especially in the wintertime I
feel like I'm still white right now
put a little concealer on there my eye
little blush this is such a good natural
eyebrow like pomade and it lasts so long
I think I've had this for like two years
[Music]
little brow gel curl my eyelashes
mascara just stick my hair down what's
the staticky I'm taking a little trash
and poo to be honest it's so freakin
drying hair I may need dry shampoos
there's no oil production happening in
this hotel right now yeah I took a
shower last night it's my curls didn't
really stay but notify somebody over on
Beauty net skincare pit paste it's the
best it's one of those natural deodorant
3 you only have to apply it once and
you're good for the day it's actually
crazy because most natural deodorants I
have to reapply at least once midday so
okay that's my easy morning makeup look
and I put some lip balm on get dressed
brush my teeth and then we're gonna head
from request I'm gonna clean up this
mess such a messy person when I'm in
hotel rooms like if you see mats area in
my area it's a mess like love you just
show you because he's already full did
my mess this was Matt's doing this is
like a perfect example of our
personalities so anyways some this makes
it easier for me to figure out what to
wear
and I'm just going to get dressed outfit
today cottage chic basically what I were
yesterday except not as many layers so
we're gonna go for breakfast now
I'm so hungry and I think they have eggs
bunny which I usually get when I'm on
like vacation so that might be the
breakfast of choice today phone
chopstick let's go
your mouse to boost you up
now if I was I know tt days
[Music]
so I got my eggs nice and soft poached
there's peameal bacon underneath which I
haven't had in years
and super crispy home fries or potatoes
looks so good
would you get pepper yeah that's the
best part is the yolk
[Music]
