[Music]
so we've got a scene expert Nicole
Gonzalez
[Music]
hello from the future of this video I
just want to give this video a quick
little intro to kind of give you some
context it's so crazy watching the
reactions of my friends and family being
five months pregnant now I'm actually
gonna be by the time this video goes up
I will be 23 weeks pregnant which is
kind of crazy and I'm out of breath
because I just walked up the stairs so
I'm doing laundry so I wanted to give
you just a little breakdown of how this
video kind of played out so we just did
some sneaky behind the scenes of sharing
the news to our friends and family
obviously we didn't get everyone's
reactions on camera some we just didn't
document for whatever reason maybe the
footage didn't turn out but we just want
to share a few of our favorites because
it was really funny just to see people's
reactions and I had a lot of fun
thinking of sneaky ways to trick them or
like make them double guess like what it
was that we're trying to tell them so it
was really fun and if you guys want to
see like everybody's reactions like if
you're just looking for my mom's
reaction or my sister Chloe's I'm gonna
have timestamps in the infobox so you
guys can click straight to those because
it's already a long video so I'm not
gonna make this too chatty than it
already is
but enjoy the video and I hope you guys
have a good cry a good laugh and get
some entertainment let's get into the
video
okay so we're filming a video and I'm
about to tell Chloe the news and she has
no idea I told her to set up in the
bedroom we're gonna do like a little
outro
to be like standing and I can check the
shot but it's gonna be like anyways I'm
scared ok so you'll see I have met
distracting her I'm gonna go pee I have
to pee every two seconds now and then
this is a me to film in his room or it's
very cool and blue if we have a boy
nursery ok set the trap
your club your me for the day um go back
a bit
and it's too bright yeah pretend you're
doing my intro can you actually I
because I feel like those pillows are
too wintry can you move
No look behind you that one yeah
okay what's there behind you all week
and I'm like like even when you're like
oh writing you on your lip you didn't
you didn't shoot this morning bow but
I'm like you know we're just like it's
just been like no wow
I know I I like took the test yesterday
when that was that worth Matt only fan
Oh last night yeah yeah my reaction I
filmed the pee on the stick everything
you think of Arioch you should have told
me first
no I was I was thinking of that and then
I was like you know why I need to tell
Matt Matt needs to be the first one to
tell and I did like a bun in the oven
oh I need to see that
[Music]
I didn't realize with this one I know
what these look like
[Music]
yes Oh feels like not real you know what
Costco yesterday closed because it was
so close to the Costco and very closed
yesterday because everything was in the
air now if it was open up again today
did you see the video of Woodbridge
Costco they were lined up out into the
parking lot and out of the plaza there
must have been 200 people lined up
outside possible to get in right they
don't want to do anything the we buffer
for this thing with bug no I think it's
my brother was like braces bug or
something fabulous thank you and I love
pink I said I think you get it all right
we're pregnant the onesies in yes I know
[Music]
[Music]
so we just finished telling Matt's mom
the news about the baby which was so
exciting and I don't know Matt try to
like set up my phone in the background
so I don't know what we got on foot on
film but basically we and I think I
should do you guys me getting this
really cute grandma mug at chapters but
basically I got these mugs say totally
the best grandma ever
oh I wrapped it in the tissue paper I
thought that was my mom she's like
where's my mug okay so back to my story
I think I showed you guys me picking two
of these up at chapters so my idea was
originally we want to surprise both
Terry who's Matt's mom and my mom at the
same time we want to have him over for
brunch but it didn't work out with
timing so we had Terry over today so we
actually told Matt's mom first which I
always thought like it'd be the like I
don't know I mean it really doesn't
matter they're both gonna find out but
she was very happy to be the first to
know
in the mom category so anyways I just
called my mom we figured I'm having a
good day today I'm feeling good I'm not
feeling too tired and nauseous so I just
called my mom and she's just finished
finishing work right now and I said oh
you want it it's very normal for me to
call her and be like hey you wanna drop
by after work for coffee oh okay I would
love that and then switch the call like
I can pick up coffee and donuts if you
want and like okay sure so she's
coming Khloe's on her way to get some
behind-the-scenes I am so nervous but we
have a second mug to give to my mom so
maybe I'm just gonna say oh I'll put
your coffee and like in a mug or
whatever I don't quite know but this is
the mug and I'm very excited Chloe is
here operation tell mom that we're
pregnant yeah I just put a fresh battery
in here yeah we ate yeah Chloe just
comes to so what do you think mom's
gonna say we think this is like gonna be
your fourth grandchild she's he may like
oh hey like just like a mom reaction
like I don't know like yeah I'm nice I'm
not expecting her I just like don't
expect her to be like I'm like burst out
in crime like my mom's a huge crier
she's definitely like an excited person
but yeah like my sister Pam
my older sister like she's gonna cry if
Pammy doesn't cry I'm gonna be mad I'm
be disappointed so I don't know I never
get help me him today we'll figure that
out but like I said I'm just feeling
better I'm feeling good today I'm
feeling high spirit and in high spirits
so I feel like I should just get it over
with and like tell everyone I'm preggers
actually today no this Tuesday is gonna
be seven weeks so I'm still telling
people pretty early but it's one of
those things like I'm just really close
with my family and and I just it's
really hard to hold the secret
and I am
oh now did you find this anymore cuz we
wouldn't I look that time look at
chakras they didn't at all that's so
chapters a new haven't even stopped yet
oh thanks coffee
hey come on thank you yeah
listen we did let's see wasn't like that
way we did some people like obviously
you know but nothing like what a normal
Sunday is usually Saturday said like I
didn't get like last Saturday we did
super super busy
you don't want coffee you you don't want
donuts here yes probably guys but check
out how cute that manga is I just got it
totally the best
[Music]
[Applause]
pregnant she wasn't feeling well all
right with a cold this week and today
I'm finally feeling better from it so
turns out we're telling my older sister
Pam right now she's on her way here with
Diana Diana was a key component to
telling my sister because we got her
this shirt which I think I got some I'll
show you guys right now some behind the
scenes of me actually getting it printed
it was so easy went to the mall
they had baby onesies there and I just
got a white one and we found this really
cute saying just off Google and he was
able to just like download the print and
like literally transfer it onto the
shirt and it was like $22 it's perfect
so this is what it looks like and the
plan is that I'm gonna sneak miss little
Diana away put this on her and then give
it to Pam I give gift I hand it back to
Pam and hopefully she'll she'll get it
if not we'll we'll give her an extra
clue but I just think this is such a fun
idea I think like we all think Pam's
gonna cry you think Pam's gonna cry mom
yeah I think she'll cry like she'd be
mad please yeah the eagle has landed
miss Pamela and Diana are just parking
so I'm so excited we're kind of keeping
this area for y'all couch so hopefully
she sits here and does not notice the
camera ring
Hey hi sweetie
oh hey oh my gosh dude
that's for sure
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
I've only we've only told max mom's mom
[Laughter]
[Music]
so we are in the car and actually
heading to my mom's for dinner some
stuff done made something for dinner and
then we just figured we're gonna tell my
stepdad and my brother Brandon and then
everyone will know and we'll see maybe
get my aunt and cousin over as well not
sure yet but like I said I'm just
feeling good today so I feel like today
is a good day to announce the news to
everyone also plus if you only wait
right now for other people that many
other people know it's just easier it's
bound to get out if you know yeah so I'd
rather like tell them your family talks
they talk so I yeah we're gonna go
surprise some more people I'm kind of
getting tired so I'm just trying to like
bust out a couple more announcements and
then I'm gonna take a nap on the couch
[Music]
no no no I don't know you're not my kids
yeah I guess might would be my kids or I
don't know who else's kids in the family
would be oh are you
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
would you find out I've heard that we
can happen okay
maybe announcement update I we just got
home from a hike I'm eating some
leftover Irish stew that I made which is
quite fitting cuz tomorrow is st.
Patty's Day no or is that Tuesday I
think tomorrow 16th so yeah I'm getting
in the mood early but I really excited
because I am officially telling my aunt
or TIA Priss and my cousin Kaitlyn and
my uncle and my cousin my other cousin
but I just feel like I'm gonna get more
reactions out of the girls like guys
they're always like cool man like Fran
and just like fist bumps or like
handshakes Malek good job good job but
it's I think it's really girl fun to
tell like as a girl like to tell other
girls so I just think that they're gonna
be so excited so this is my plan I
called them and I said hey like do you
guys want a Starbucks like we're just
gonna go home have a quick lunch and
then we're gonna go to Starbucks to grab
some coffees I don't even drink coffee
so like I don't even really go to
Starbucks but they have some stuff that
I like so luckily she's like oh yeah
like we're just there Justin of their
PJs having like a chill Sunday so she's
like oh like can you just give us some
time to change Baba I'm like okay yeah
like we're gonna go home to eat so my
plan is to pack a shoe my plan is to so
Caitlyn is actually the only one that
wants a coffee so the plan is to get
well I'm gonna actually write I'm gonna
bring Oh Matt you want to grab my
turquoise sharpie so I don't forget so
I'm gonna get you know how like they
write on the Starbucks cup I'm gonna
write on the Starbucks cup either like I
could just write I'm pregnant but I feel
like that's so obvious I think I'm gonna
just draw like it either an avocado with
hands on the tummy like on the pit or
like two big avocados and then a little
kado because Caitlin is very much a
doodler so I think would be funny to
gotta show it and she loves Starbucks so
much I feel like that would be a really
fitting way to give her the news and I
just want something so obvious like I've
been having a lot of fun with like kind
of telling people in a sneaky way and
they have to figure it out so that's the
plan um so I just said I'm gonna eat
this and we're gonna go to Starbucks
we're gonna give them the news and
hopefully we can get them behind
sneaky behind the scenes reactions of
the reaction okay hmm so good okay so
we're just in the drivers yeah okay hi
I'm amazing how are you no I did it oh
my god okay she'll go back okay we got
the battery Matt grabbed me at lark blah
blah
a black sharpie so I'm just gonna draw
on it hopefully you're gonna be able to
tell what it is and I think I'm just
gonna do two big avocados and then a
baby avocado I would still say right on
pregnant and then didn't do the doodle
that way yeah okay let me draw
it looks like boobs I need to say I'm
pregnant I don't all right okay
can't you decode that yeah so look with
it let's start let's put on my my sleeve
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
I'll probably jump on here hey thank you
just the timing didn't work out so it is
currently sad it's currently Saturday
and Matt and I are just about to head
out actually for a hike but before we do
I actually want to try and calling my
best friend Yvonne because I still have
not told her about the pregnancy news
mostly because I wanted to tell her in
person but with all this social
distancing and we've already been over a
week now in like self-isolation um it's
just not looking great
to seeing her soon we're actually doing
like a virtual hangout tonight with a
bunch of friends so and I don't want to
I don't want it to go too long without
telling her like she's my best friend
we've been best friends since like
elementary and if anything I'm like the
most excited / nervous to tell her so I
figured we're just gonna rip the
band-aid off I'm gonna tell her today
hopefully I know she's doing renovations
right now so I'm hoping she's gonna pick
up her phone she's probably gonna look a
little dusty but that's okay I just want
to tell her cuz I hate I feel like I'm
holding out this secret cash suit and
her noisy chicken stop it stop it oh
you're so cute okay we're gonna call her
and see if she picks up the phone
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
hola hey my mom's calling I just have to
decline that okay oh wow are you guys
doing rhinos tomorrow too
what if I'm like let me see your hands I
know all right
you're like overtired typing you're
probably still jet-lagged like pregnant
or or engaged
oh my god sorry my mom is like calling
at the same time I was trying to get
your reaction on camera because your
what I'm eight weeks pregnant but we
only just like cashew what's going on
it doesn't like feel real yet but now
that we're telling people it feels like
more real and it's just like crazy with
everything going on to be like in my
mind I'm like man I'm just trying to
like survive day by day here because I
feel so nauseous
and I oh my god like so sick like just
so I've been like thrown out but just
it's I feel like I'm just hungover every
day and okay I catch you got some news
[Laughter]
Castillo catch you um so cash is gonna
be a big sister and we're not getting a
puppy we wanted
so we want to tell you in person but
we're like we're with all this social
distancing I'm like we're not gonna see
them and we can't even go to a
restaurant so like we should just tell
them I'm it was so much fun sharing
everyone's reaction with you guys as I
mentioned we obviously didn't get
everyone's reaction some people we told
through zoom some people through text
messages some people through phone calls
whatever the case is especially right
now everything being more virtual I feel
like there we had to get really creative
with how we told people FaceTime you
guessed it so there was a lot of
different surprises but I just want to
pull a few and share them in today's
video and it was just really special
sharing the news with everyone and just
looking back at those memories so thank
you so much for watching I can't wait
for you guys to see the next few baby
videos we have lined up so get ready for
those but I will see you guys in the
next video have a fabulous day don't
forget to subscribe give this video a
thumbs up and leave a comment down below
letting me know if you have ever had
someone tell you the news that they're
pregnant or you have told people that
you're pregnant how did you tell them
leave me a comment down below and let me
know which one of this video was your
favorite surprised because I don't know
it's hard it's hard for me to pick okay
guys I'll see you the next one have a
fabulous day
bye
[Music]
you
