[Music]
[Music]
good morning we're starting the vlog
really early today well actually not too
early I just sleep in a little bit and
then I meditated and showered and it was
glorious
but it's Sunday so it's meant to be a
slow start right today is super exciting
because it is officially the third
annual health nut summer meetup in
Toronto and I'm so excited I think we're
gonna have the most people we've ever
had at today's event and I feel like
it's like my birthday party like all
these friends are coming some movement
some I have it and I'm just so excited
everyone's gonna have a good time we
have yoga stand-up paddleboarding so I'm
just getting ready matt is out he went
to the gym this morning and he's just
grabbing some like a couple of
last-minute errands and things that we
need so we should be leaving here around
three it's the event starts at six but I
want to be there for like four just to
set up and I have some of the health net
team meeting me there as well so we're
just gonna like have lots of time to set
up and get ready for everyone to come
he's so much fun and we're going to
share everything on the blog for those
of you who live around the world and
could not make it to Toronto
you can live vicariously through this
vlog and feel like you were there
alright so let's hop into the vlog and
let's get ready Bermuda huh huh cashews
coming to you by the way yes you excited
you got a boogers okay I'm gonna drink
my coffee take her for a little walk get
ready and then we'll start getting ready
to go because today's gonna fly by and I
already feel like I'm behind alright so
I am like half ready I still have to get
changed
but Brandon and Matt are just packing up
the cars right now we have a ton of
stuff like snacks products for the
goodie bags that we need to pack up and
they just
fit all in our jeeps so we're going to
use Brandon's car as well and Miss Chloe
just got your tooth hey Chloe or you
lookin so summery yeah so this is what
the garage looks like right now these
are some gift bags that we put together
for the staff so they're a little bit
different we got some gift cards in
there and stuff actually this lease does
the yoga instructor that's coming we got
her one too so we got that and it's
coming together all right just about
ready just trying to find my lip balm
cashews like quite swish back there you
okay me Oh she'll be okay
I'm a towel snacky but we're going to
sell it to Martin's on the way just to
get like a bagel or something
and I have my phone
right done and I have my whole what did
I call it topless hot that everyone
makes fun of me they're like how is that
I actually protect your head it's more
about protecting my face from the Sun so
my brother's head hangs down with my mom
my aunt Khloe's heading Galvan we're all
meeting up at Sunnyside beach gosh you
guys are you good
[Music]
all right so we're just setting up and
he has a couple tables here Kaitlyn and
I'm just having a minute so I don't that
buff but got jazz and we are just
setting out the goodie bags I got my mom
and my aunt working hard
I got Maddie here on cashew duty they be
good
you mean good crazy girl
[Music]
all right her back at home wow I can't
believe how many people came there was a
lineup at one point of like 40 people
waiting to sign up to get nametags and
stuff like it was something I have looks
at a mixed emotions and feelings about
this event like a part of me is just so
honored and grateful that so many of you
guys came out to our like little meet up
on the beach in Toronto it's so surreal
and I'm just so thankful for the online
community that we have here and I've
only met like a very very small portion
of you guys and every time I meet when
you guys in real life I am just in awe
of how amazing you guys truly are and
how it's just so crazy that we just all
have are able to connect whether online
or in person because of its just social
media and the YouTube platform and yeah
it's just crazy and also to like our
family and friends and the HealthNet
team are so amazing like it took quite a
few people to pull this night together
and I we wouldn't been able to do it
without them like when we first did the
first Meetup it was just like a really
small thing we kind of put together and
I don't even know how like Matt and I
pulled it off without so much help you
know we had like some of the same people
that helped us this year but like it has
just been growing each and every year
and the sponsors that we had this year
I'm just so grateful that they believed
in us and they supported us and like
they were so generous with the products
that they provided and I'm just yeah I'm
so grateful and happy and tired as well
because I'm just is a long night um but
yeah so freaking cool and I'm just
feeling very grateful that's all so I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and got
to live vicariously through it if you
weren't able to make it I know it sucks
that we don't do these worldwide but I
would love to eventually do one in
another
city is just they do take a lot of
planning and it's easier to do them when
it's more local and then have friends
and family and the team come help and
support because it would just be really
hard for Matt and I to do it by
ourselves so thank you so much the
health nut team you guys Rock and we
would not have been able to pull this
together without you guys so love you so
much sorry for the Rambla outro and if
you guys aren't already subscribed make
sure you subscribe click that red
subscribe button down below it's free
and I what was it's really late guys
question of the day today what city do
you think we should do a meet-up or a
book signing or something like that
leave a comment down below and maybe I
don't know we'll look at which cities
get like the most thumbs up and maybe
we'll make it happen so leave me your
comment down below what city do you
think we should do a meet-up or book
signing next would love to know okay
I'm gonna wash my makeup off and hit the
hay I'm so tired it was a very long day
so thank you so much I'll see you guys
the next vlog have a fabulous day bye
guys
[Music]
