I assume you don't want to have kids
even though you seem like you would be a
bomb mama
well thank you very much I agree hey
health let's welcome back to my channel
I'm Nicole and today we're talking about
assumptions what you guys assume about
me in particular so if you guys don't
follow me on instagram I actually asked
you on my Instagram stories for
basically four things that you guys
assume about me and today I'm gonna let
you know if they are true or false and I
got some pretty funny ones I got a lot
about Matt and I so I'm almost thinking
of doing a complete separate one maybe
with Matt about like our relationship
what you guys assume because I got so
many really juicy and funny ones so I
might hold those for a part two but yeah
I'm I haven't really looked at them I've
screenshot a bunch of them so I can have
them on hand but I haven't really looked
at them in too much detail so I'm gonna
be basically just answering these off
the top of my head so let's jump right
in and I will tell you whether you guys
know me better than you think or I don't
even know let's hop right in all right
first one I have here well I'll start
start with an easy one you're a clean
freak now Matt wishes I was a clean
freak this is actually false a lot of
people think that I'm super clean and
tidy because they see you know this
pretty clean background in my videos um
what you don't see is the mess that's
behind the bed right now because I
didn't want it to look like a messy
background so I am like II want to be
clean freak and I always call myself
like a wannabe type-a but really I'm a
B+ and I wish I was really organized and
clean and like Matt sometimes but also
where would the fun be if I wasn't
bugging Matt with my dirty dishes lying
around and my mess tucked under the bed
like there would be nothing for us to
argue about really so no not that we
it's it's not like a sensitive topic but
you know Matt definitely likes when I'm
cleaner so I try and do more of an
effort this year you know if I come into
a room I'll like grab something put it
away and try to clean up after myself
but it's not like ingrained into me it's
it's a struggle to be clean so
I would love to be clean freak but that
is false one I got a lot of is like you
are super rich we're just so funny
because I think there's this
misconception that youtubers have all
this money and we just like rollin in it
and you know our mattress is obviously
stuffed with money like duh
but it's just it's such a funny
assumption because you know Matt and I
both came from really no money we
started just with you know school
working hard saving up money that's how
we were able to live and travel in
Australia and Southeast Asia for almost
two years and we've really just kind of
built our own success from nothing and
and I'm not saying that we are rich now
but we are comfortable I feel like we
are both financially stable we're able
to bring on a staff into the health net
team to help us out you know you guys
may may or not know this but we do real
estate investing on the side so that's
another kind of source of income that we
you know invest a lot of money into and
it is a bit of a risk but we believe in
in that so much and it's just something
that we're really passionate about and
yeah and we're always happy to say that
like we neither one of us came from
money and not that we have a ton now but
we definitely are I like I said
financially comfortable and we've worked
really hard to get here okay so this one
here you never went to culinary school
or nutrition school ah so this is true I
never went to either one of those I my
background is in business marketing and
I actually took a couple of nutrition
courses on the side now the the name
behind health net nutrition I know it
can sound a little bit confusing but the
kind of the meaning behind it was I was
going to or the story behind it was that
I was planning on going back to school
to become a holistic nutritionist or
something in that field and I thought
when I created the brand I thought like
I want it to be nutrition because I'm
gonna be a nutritionist but never I
realized that I was able to still share
all these delicious recipes and healthy
tips and stuff that I was learning and
creating through YouTube and reach more
people than if I just went to school and
I was doing one-on-one consultations so
you know I it's something I still would
like to do in the future but I'm really
all
self-taught and I don't think there's
anything wrong with that I don't provide
any professional advice or opinions to
guys especially when it comes to dieting
or or anything with health but I really
just share my personal opinion and I
feel like inspiration the inspiration I
give on my channel really does help and
change people's lives at least I get so
many emails and messages from you guys
so I feel like I'm doing what I want to
do in life without that education
background but like it's something I
definitely want to do I would love to go
back to school to be a nutritionist and
to be a yoga instructor I just think
it's so fun to always be just absorbing
new information learning and those are
things that I definitely would love to
do in the future
but at this point I don't have time well
really I just yeah maybe and maybe in
the future one more time all right this
one here you weren't popular in high
school but you had a group of very close
friends so in my high school I don't
know if there was necessarily like the
Mean Girls or the different cliques I
guess no now that I think of it I guess
there was just like you know the nerdy
crowd which like guys go for the Nerds
they they end up being the hot
successful ones okay Matt was a nerd at
school but I I feel like there were
probably that might be bad advice to
give people but anyways I feel like
there definitely were I guess some kind
of groups
growing up in elementary in high school
and I would say I was one of those
people that was like friends with
everybody so I guess I wasn't
necessarily like the popular girl or
part of the popular group but I was
friends with those people I was friends
with everybody and I always I feel like
that's me right now - I have like
different groups of friends and I just
like like to be friends with everybody
and I know that sounds kind of corny but
I just really enjoy meeting new people
and enjoy social situations so I just
you know the more of the merrier and
yeah but don't get me wrong there was
definitely times where I struggled with
making friends or fitting in school it
was not just all like everyone got along
but I think I feel like that's a
struggle with everybody and you know and
they and it's funny because looking back
it's such a short period in your life
but when you're in it it feels like life
or death if you don't if you're you
don't if you're not like friends
you don't fit in with the most popular
people but like looking back you're just
like like I love that I get to choose
who I hang out with it's not like I'm
forced to hang out with this group of
people that just happened to be the same
age going living in the same town as me
when I'm in school so it's you get more
freedom to choose your friends when you
get older which I really love you never
crave junk food
Pizza Pizza five guys schwarmann so this
is false guys I'm human
I crave I crave junk food I creep take
out there's nights that I look at Matt
I'm like we need to order some pizza
like I am craving that or I'm craving
ramen or I'm craving I don't a hamburger
or something I definitely have certain
options that I like to gravitate towards
aren't like too bad but like if I'm in a
restaurant like we just went to a
restaurant last night with Matt's family
and you know like I ordered whatever I
want like I don't believe in a
restrictive lifestyle I believe it is
what you it matters what you do most of
the time and not sometimes so there I
never feel bad about eating you know a
hamburger or a plate of poutine which is
like gravy and cheese curds and fries if
you're not Canadian and it just I don't
let myself feel food guilt the only time
I do feel that is if I really don't feel
good after and like I mean maybe I
shouldn't have eaten so much I should
have gotten some a salad on the side
it's only because of how I feel not like
physically not emotionally because I
think even if you are I think there's a
time in place for a greasy plate of
fries and there's definitely more times
in places for a green smoothie so that's
kind of my philosophy with health is
like eat healthy be active 80% of the
time but loose 20% of time for like just
living guys you gotta like enjoy a piece
of bacon once in a while it's not gonna
kill you it's fine this one's funny that
you secretly don't like eating healthy
this is also false I actually love
eating healthy food I think it's one of
those things people think that you eat
it but you're really not enjoying it I
really do enjoy my green smoothies I
enjoy salads I think it's important to
mix it up and have fun with it like I
don't enjoy every salad or every
smoothie I think you know play around
with the flavors change it up get
creative but I think it's one of those
things that when you make it a habit
it's like your body knows it's good for
you and you actually do start to crave
it so it's just like you have to trick
your mind in the beginning to change
those tastes buds kind of I'd like to
trick your taste buds in the beginning
because they have to adapt to new
flavors so you know if there's like a
streak of days where I'm eating out more
and I'm just not eating healthy food
cooking at home I will crave those
healthy foods less and it scares me I'm
like oh like I'm not craving salad like
I just want to go out to eat and it's
suspicious cycle of you know it's like
you're if you're constantly eating like
salty greasy food and that's like maybe
and not the healthy fats your body is
gonna like crave that because it is
addicting sugar salt all that stuff is
really addicting so if you're consuming
a lot of that you're gonna crave that
but once you start to like remove that
out of your diet you and put in the
healthier foods in there like instead of
seat like instead of table salt adding
in real sea salt instead of just white
sugar adding in like maple syrup and
honey and stuff there's other
alternatives for so many so much junk
food that we eat or additives are in our
foods and I really do believe like I am
an example that when you eat healthy
food on a regular basis you will crave
it you will enjoy it you just got to
stick with it until you actually enjoy
it so you know just just pretend that
you enjoy it until you actually do
because once you do you will crave
steamed broccoli a kale salad a green
smoothie I wake up looking forward to my
smoothie every morning or a bowl of
oatmeal or whatever it is you know so
you just your body knows how good you
feel when you eat those foods so you end
up really actually craving them it's
like your body knows what it wants oh
that you never get mad this is true I
never get mad I'm a happy person all the
time no just kidding
so I I mean I'm a Portuguese woman I
have a fiery side to me and I yeah I
definitely get mad I
yet I sometimes have short patience I
sometimes feel like I'm quick to react
these are all things that are like
ingrained into my personality just as
like a child I was very just passionate
I guess I'm gonna use passionate and as
I've gotten older I realized had to kind
of calm that down and control it a
little bit more and I really do feel
like you know I am happy most the time
but I definitely get mad I feel like I
get mad less you know things that I've
done in my life people I surround myself
with meditation eating healthy
exercising those are all things that
make you a happier person and you're
less likely to get I'm just like annoyed
by little things stress is definitely
something that you want to reduce in
order to feel happier most of the time
actually did a whole video on how to be
happy I will link that down below I
share all of my tips that I think are
really helpful they've been really
helpful to me into being a happier
person so if you find yourself being mad
all the time or just like really like
short too quick to react maybe you need
to watch that video and get some tips
because it's been a learning process I
haven't always been like this
but I'm really happy that I am a calmer
person I'm definitely one of those
people that if I'm mad about something
like I hold grudges so I've been trying
to let that go a little bit but still
creeps up in there and like Matt knows
if you does something to like really
piss me off I'm like gonna be angry for
a little bit and usually I just have to
like let some steam off by myself but it
happens like less frequently but it
still definitely happens you use organic
tampons
this question I actually don't use
tampons but if I did I would use organic
cotton tampons because what you put in
your body especially there is a super
sensitive area and you don't want to be
putting like regular tampons are like
bleach cotton and they have like
chemicals in there to help them absorb
liquid and it's just not something I
want to be putting in my body I actually
use a Diva Cup which is a silicone cup
that you use instead of a tampon and
I've been using mine for like years like
maybe six years so yeah but in emergency
if there's been times that I've I didn't
have my diva cup or something I've had
to buy tampons or pads
I would buy organic and I prefer tampons
over pads if you're wondering but I
would get organic and I have in the past
and I think I have some in the bathroom
just in case there's visitor and they
need a tampon I got you you will
sometimes get insecure about your body
and compare yourself with other people
so I mean I would be lying if I said
this wasn't true I feel like as I've
gotten older I compared myself less and
less I when I was younger oh my god
goodness I had so many insecurities I'd
be like I didn't like my nose I've been
like my feet I didn't like my like I
don't know lots of things like my boob
size but as I've gotten older I just
like really have just started to like
love every part of my body and yeah
sometimes I compare myself to other
people but I try not to let that sit in
for too long like I'll just like
appreciate something on someone else's
body like they have a really nice
stomach they have really nice arms and
if anything we'll use that as motivation
for myself in the gym or just like to
continue eating and living a healthy
lifestyle
not that it's only for like the cosmic
or like the physique side of things but
you know I just like try not to judge or
compare more so just appreciate and be
like damn girl you got a nice booty
instead of like why is my booty so flat
and I feel like when you appreciate your
body more you start to build confidence
I do feel like being on YouTube actually
has built a lot of self-confidence for
me because you just see yourself so much
on camera and stuff you become like
desensitized to it almost and you're
like yep that's my nose yeah that's I
don't know those are my my arms like
whatever it is I think that you become
like less critical or maybe it's maybe
for some people it's the opposite maybe
they come become more critical because
they're always seeing themselves but I
feel like if you're someone who rarely
takes photos of yourself when you are
gonna see a photo you're gonna be super
critical so I think it's important to
take selfies maybe do a photo shoot and
just become you know have a healthy
relationship with your body I feel like
as I've gotten older you know I'm 30 now
and I just I
love my body more than ever and if
someone was to say something rude or
mean about my body like it it wouldn't
in effect it wouldn't affect me as much
as it did years ago I remember you know
in school one time kids said that my I
had a boy teased me that my hair was
oily or something I had really oily hair
when I was younger and like now I think
it's funny I'm like yeah I wash my hair
like once a week and if it's oily Mike I
don't care if someone wants to say your
hair's kind of greasy looking I'd be
like yeah I know I need to wash it it's
not you know like it doesn't bother me
as much as it did and you are the person
you can attach emotions to words so if
someone says something you can easily
just brush it off and even if you say it
to yourself like don't let it stick just
be like yeah I love my body it's amazing
and it's yeah that's it you want to live
on a farm yeah this is true I both Matt
and I would love to build our own home
one day and we definitely want property
we want acreage you want to have like I
would love to have like a little hobby
farm of like chickens and some animals
and obviously we'd have to have like
people helping us to take care of them
because like neither one of us really
knows how to take care of animals but it
would be a really fun experience and I
just love being out in nature I didn't
grow up in nature a lot but I crave it I
know that when I'm disconnected from
nature for too long I really I feel the
difference in my body and and just
emotionally and both Matt and I like we
want to have a beehive we want to have
chickens and have our own eggs and like
we want to just have like property to
like roam around in the backyard for
when we have kids and I guess yeah
that's just I'm something I don't know
it's like a full-on farm but like I
would love to have like the garden and
in like a farm ish property if that
makes sense
so and maybe near some water I'm just
I'm getting I'm getting like greedy now
but that's kind of that's the dream you
know okay so speaking of kids I'm
getting a lot of questions about will
say this one I assume you don't want to
have kids even though you seem like you
would be a bomb mama well thank you very
much I agree I'm a bomb auntie so no
Matt and I definitely want kids it's
funny because like we get this a lot
there's a lot of questions about it and
we definitely want kids I you know 30
was kind of my year that I thought I
would either be pregnant or trying for a
kid so we're definitely having the
conversation more and more and it's
definitely something that's really
important to us and you know when the
time is right it's right and yeah we
definitely want kids I feel like my life
would be incomplete if I wasn't a mom so
definitely kids so I like this one you
care about your spiritual and emotional
health above all other health spectrums
so I think this is a really interesting
one because it's kind of true I guess
like I I really do when it comes down to
it my mental and emotional health is
more important to me than the food that
I eat and how much I exercise like when
people ask me like well why do you go to
the gym like are you trying to lose
weight it's really because of my mental
health I'm trying to support and yeah
basically support because I know what I
work out I feel mentally happier calmer
and just more more clarity and that is
my goal I guess when it comes to food
exercising meditation it's all about
mental health I think mental health is
always just taken for granted and
overlooked but if you are not healthy
mentally I mean it doesn't matter if you
have a six-pack it doesn't matter if you
know you're the hottest person on the
earth like it like you're not gonna be
happy you're not gonna be able to like
function in life you're gonna be
struggling with anxiety just there's so
many mental illnesses that are so scary
and I can really impact the quality of
your life I just think that it is
something that we really do need to
spend some time focusing on and just
really supporting that aspect of health
so when I look at health it's a whole
it's a holistic approach and I think
mental health is like definitely high up
there so I do agree that I probably do
rank it higher than anything else you
would never buy hair extensions Oh funny
story when I was younger I bought like I
think it was real hair no at one point
it wasn't real hair I've had like rain
extensions put into my hair my best
friend Yvonne she's like really good
with like braiding and stuff and I
remember when Christina Aguilera was
like her when she had like those like
black and blond extensions in and they
would be braided and stuff I remember we
were like playing around with that and I
think oh wait so she did Christina
Aguilera what did I do
oh I think I just did brunette and oh
but I did do at one point like some
blonde clip in streaks I don't know it
wasn't a really good look maybe I can
find a photo of me wearing them and yeah
I don't know what I was thinking but I
used to have these clip and extensions
of just the ones I would wear all the
time I they were real here and they were
just brunette and I would wear them all
the time and here was so thick I would
curl it put it up and I was like loving
life and I think I still have them
laying around somewhere
I don't worry hair extensions anymore I
just don't like stuff that's too
high-maintenance hence why I don't have
eyelash extensions like not being able
to rub my eyes I think would bug me and
in terms of what I get hair extensions
I'm not that say I wouldn't I would just
be worried that it would ruin my current
hair and like pull some out or yeah pull
some oh and I would lose some but also
to I guess if I was to get it I would
just get like good quality ones or
clip-ins I don't know I mean I never say
no to anything but I just don't like
things are too high-maintenance so but I
love the way they look and sometimes I
think oh should I get them but that
passes pretty quickly
you can speak fluent Portuguese so when
I was younger we actually lived at my
grand grandparents house for quite a
while because my haven't really talked
about this but like my mom my parents
had me when they were split up so I
basically what I I grew up at my
grandparents for a Becks we moved in
there and we yeah I basically lived on
my grandparents up until I think I was
four years old and my grandparents
immigrated here from Portugal and they
obviously speak fluent Portuguese the
extra speak really good English too and
I so I grew up with them and I was I
understood Portuguese I was speaking it
and I would say that like ever since
they retired and went back to Portugal
like a few years ago I mean it's
probably been like
ten years they've been in Portugal now I
can't I can't remember but I now that
they're not here full-time is my
Portuguese is definitely decreased and
it makes me really sad I really want to
either do like some tutoring or like use
like an app or something to kind of re
reignite that Portuguese in me but I
definitely understand it pretty fluently
unless someone's speaking really fast or
they have a really thick accent that I'm
not used to but I probably could get by
if I went to Portugal or where my
grandparents are here I start to pick it
up more and more yeah in my head I know
it fluently but like when it comes out
it doesn't sound very very good so I get
its marché more so that I get
self-conscious about speaking it
especially when your family members
criticize you on how you say things I'm
sure you guys can relate if you're like
a second generation and you are trying
to speak the language and everyone's
like that's not how you say it so it
definitely decreases my confidence when
it comes to speaking Portuguese but I
know they're just like trying to help
but also to like it makes me not want to
speak it as much which isn't the best
thing but yeah so hopefully that
answered the question you are a dog
person so I actually grew up with three
hamsters and two cats not at all at the
same time and I never had dogs Walt my
dad my dad who didn't live with or never
lived with us or me I he had a rescue
dog it was a German Shepherd named Bella
she eventually did run away which was
really sad so you know I had her for a
little bit which was kind of like I
pretended I had a dog and like my dad
has a dog but yeah I definitely want a
dog now though so I'm hopefully in the
near future not like grew up with like
three dogs he always had dogs in his
family so I know he is a big dog person
you're a homebody and also this is fact
your videos are amazing well thank you
very much I'm actually not a homebody
even though I work from home it was
actually one of the things I was most
scared about when leaving my full-time
corporate job I love being around people
and so being at home by myself all the
time is is quite a struggle for me and
I've gotten into like my own rhythm and
routine of things and I make
that I'm not just like home for five
days in a row working from home by
myself so I'll make sure to switch it up
like some days I'm in the city for
meetings or just like appointments and
stuff other times I'm like visiting
friends or family or Chloe's over
filming or Andrea's over helping with
recipe testing I really try to switch
things up because I love being around
people and I get cabin fever quick like
my ideal vacation would not be just like
hanging out in a cottage for a week I
would have to like go into town I'd have
to leave the cottage at one point either
wise see I really do get disliked
anxious feeling I'm like I need to get
out and even sometimes when I'm home for
too long like Matt will come home for
about from work I'm like we need to go
for a walk we need to leave go for a
drive anything like I just can't be home
all the time that being said I
definitely now that I do work from home
obviously it's been almost two years
I've gotten like eggs I've gotten into a
rhythm of routine so I don't I don't
hate it as much as I once did I actually
do kind of enjoy being at home more but
only because it's like really cold and
wintry right now outside so I'm like
thank goodness I don't have to commute
but but I do love being out and about
and stuff so I wouldn't I would
definitely wouldn't say I'm a homebody
in any social situation people gravitate
towards you you are not shy so this is
true I would say I definitely even that
says all the time if we go to a social
thing he's like oh like you're great at
talking to people you're there like
it'll be easy to spark conversation if
we're like at a networking thing I I do
think that you know people gravitate
towards me I talk a lot I'm energetic I
think I do bring energy to a space it
sounds we're talking about myself like
that but I really do feel that I'm very
charismatic I can really kind of like
mold myself to the environment different
people I'm talking to you know if I'm
talking to someone who is more shy I'm
not gonna be like hi I'm gonna call a
bubbeleh in their face like I'll adapt
and maybe talk quieter let them talk a
bit and and yeah I just I think I'm I'm
usually a talkative person in social
situations so
there usually is a group of people
around me I'm usually with the other
talkative people so we just like oh we
can just like sense each other in a room
I'm sure you have a university degree so
I actually have a advanced an advanced
diploma I went to college after not
University they're different in Canada I
know like college in the States is
University and then it's like Community
College I think so yeah I went to
college so I have an advanced diploma
cuz I went for three years usually
college can be as little as two years
and I went to George Brown College on
King Street in Toronto and I loved it
such a great experience and it was
really practical hands-on experience and
I really enjoyed it so I wouldn't change
my secondary school schooling experience
I really loved it something led you to
this lifestyle what was it what did you
overcome so this is actually a really
great one cuz I do feel like when people
are in a specific type of field
something did trigger them to kind of go
into that path and for me you know it
probably was my mental health I
definitely struggled more with anxiety
in my mid-20s but it it my anxiety has
been in my life since I was pretty young
so I would say that I quickly at a young
age started to realize the connection
between food and lifestyle and how it
makes you feel so I would definitely say
if I like if there was some kind of
something that triggered me to go into
the path of health was mental health and
that's still something that's really
important to me and it's something that
drives and motivates me to live a
healthy active lifestyle because I see
the differences that they make in my own
personal life when I I do follow that
path oh this one's funny because I'm
actually wearing it your favorite color
is golden yellow by the way it looks
good on you I feel like this is mustard
be golden yellow funny enough I was
wearing mustard before it like even
became popular not that I'm trying to
say like I'm the one that brought it
back but like it was something it was a
color that I would wear and you just
wouldn't see it a lot and then all of a
sudden the last like year or so it
started like popping up everywhere and I
was so happy because I do really love
wearing mustard yellow but I wouldn't
say it's my favorite color
favorite color is turquoise although I
really we're turquoise it's just a
favorite color of mine but but thank you
I feel like I definitely have a lot of
mustard in my wardrobe right now a lot
of people asking if I'd rather live in
the US and I would say no not full-time
at least I would only live in the u.s.
if it was like a part-time home maybe
somewhere we went during the winter
months in Canada somewhere hot like
Florida or LA or something I couldn't
see myself living away from family even
if it was like for better weather
but I love Canada I mean Matt and I
lived in Australia for almost two years
and you know I thought we might live
there but I really being away that far
away from home for that long didn't help
me realize how much I love Canada
despite the crazy weather sometimes I
love that we get all four seasons and it
just makes me appreciate the summer even
more you have always been in good shape
physically take it as a compliment so
this one I guess like the easiest answer
is I've pretty much always been the same
size which is I guess what you're saying
and I realize like I'm very fortunate
fortunate for that not everyone a lot of
people fluctuate a lot and although like
I do notice if I don't eat healthy and I
don't exercise and tone up and stuff
like I'll feel a little bit like
flabbier in certain areas the overall
shape of my body has really always
stayed the same probably since I was
like in grade 9 no I'd say like my hips
are definitely widen like I used to be
super straight and skinny and now I
definitely have more curves but the
overall like shape is pretty much the
same like I'm still the same boobs too
highs I yeah I would just say like my
hips are a bit wider cuz like I can't
put on jeans that I wore you know ten
years ago um
nor what I want to like I like my curves
and I you know I think that there's
nothing wrong with that you've gotten a
Brazilian wax so I used to always get
Brazilian waxes most of my life until we
were living in Australia and for those
of you don't know like Brazilian waxes
like a bikini wax but like the whole
thing so I didn't find them that painful
I don't know I feel like I have a high
pain tolerance or
I did at that point anyways it was just
like I hated shaving I just hate shaving
anywhere so if I could just wax and then
not have to deal with hair for a longer
period I'm all about it
but I basically did Brazilian waxes up
until I was living in Australia I did a
set of laser hair removal and I did a
few sessions I didn't finish it so I'm
not completely hair free in those areas
but I definitely want to continue so the
thing is if you start laser hair removal
and then you start to do waxing after
you will reassemble 8 the hair follicles
and stuff so I just have stopped so I
don't wax anymore but I find like the
hair is thinner I don't get any ingrowns
it's like it has changed the amount of
hair growth in those areas so it's still
I'm glad I got it done but I definitely
would like to continue and finish that
you are super lovey and Debby towards
Matt off-camera this is very true he is
more like I don't know he's just like
more serious than me and I kind of like
it because I know he's like soft side
and I I know I can be like machine gushy
with them and I think he secretly really
likes it but yeah definitely off camera
I am all the Machinists and you know
sometimes I just like wanna cuddle and
I'm definitely very affectionate like I
need that like cuddle kissing still
being like you're a high school
sweetheart even though we've been dating
for like over 10 years um I definitely
need that in my life because it's just
part of my personality but I think Matt
really likes it too even though he may
he never like acts annoyed about it I
think he just he likes it because he's
not always like that it takes more
effort for him to be like that matt has
his moments where he is so romantic and
gushy and stuff I just have to like warm
him up to it so it makes it even that
much more special when Matt does do it
because he doesn't do it all the time
so it's like you got to work you got to
work for it with him alright so I think
that was the majority of them this was
so much fun it was actually really
entertaining I definitely wanna do more
of these like I said I want do a
relationship one with Matt because I
think there are so many things about a
relationship people assume based on what
they see on social media and kind of the
high
lights so I would love to give you guys
a nitty-gritty on our relationship so
maybe I'll do another one on Instagram
before we film that so keep an eye out
for that make sure you are following me
on Instagram so you can participate you
can just follow me here at your health
nut I post every day on like social
Instagram stories and on my feed so lots
more healthy inspiration on there as
well and if you aren't subscribed to
this channel if you made it to the end
of this long video I love you guys so
much please subscribe down below and I
post every Monday Wednesday and Friday
on my channel so lots of videos for you
guys to check out let me know in the
comments down below what you were most
shocked about in this video if there's
something you discovered about me that
you didn't know I would love to hear
your thoughts on that so thank you so
much for watching guys I hope you
enjoyed this chatty video and I hope you
have a fabulous day
bye guys
[Music]
you
