all right ready all right okay we're
ready my other half mr. Matt to my best
friend
roommate and business partner nothing
long who has been one of my biggest
inspirations in life smells fresher
how's that new book feel yeah I just
thought I'd film my thoughts and I like
I I don't want to cry hey health nuts
welcome back to the fourth episode of
the health nut cookbook diaries of the
health nut cookbook this is so crazy
you're on episode 4 so much has happened
since the last episode and if you guys
have been following along thank you so
much and if you haven't and you want to
start from the beginning
I'll have that playlist linked down
below for you guys to check out so we
are talking about the cookbook and cover
reveals in this episode we're also going
to be talking about the official release
date of the health nut cookbook which
kind of felt like my birthday even
though my birthday's this Saturday it
was like my birthday came early it was
such an exciting day and so much leading
up to this day it was there yeah it was
a day filled with so many emotions and
you're gonna see it in this vlog so
first things first I got to finally get
a copy in my hands of the finished copy
of the health nut cookbook which is so
cool and I got to reveal the cover to
friends and family and what was inside
and read the dedications and the
knowledge acknowledgments and it was
just a very sentimental heartwarming
moment every time I like revealed it to
someone close to me so enjoy and let's
hop right into it because there's a lot
of emotions which you'll quickly see all
right let's hop into it like literally
let's get into the book alright so I'm
just here with my momma and I'm actually
going to share with her the cover reveal
of the health nut cookbook cause you
haven't seen it yet no I haven't I'm
excited oh yeah
there's two right ready alright
okay we're ready oh my god oh they put
your way to go oh nice naughty turned
out really really good cool eh
I'm so so proud of you so I'm filming
this because I feel like Chloe's gonna
want me to film this so I just got home
I was taking cash up for a little walk
and I came home to a very special
delivery and I thought I would film it
and share my initial reaction and I
think it's the book one second so it
says it's from penguin Random House so
the this final copy actually got
delivered earlier than expected so I'm
like I need to film this and record my
first reaction of the book
[Applause]
oh my gosh
[Applause]
it's a buck oh my god
I really have to say this is so surreal
okay my book that's my book
oh my god
oh my god there's pages guys this is so
surreal I'm like I don't
oh my god oh so cute the back photo of
Matt and I oh my goodness
it's so pretty sorry I'm just like
really taking it in this is so insane
doesn't mean there's a lot of me there's
a lot of me guys I can't even describe
how surreal it is to see this book that
you've spent like seriously months no
years of your life working on and seeing
it print it seems so crazy I didn't
expect to get a copy this soon Oh Kyla
you killed it with these photos oh my
goodness
okay I'm gonna finish looking through it
I'm just like all the fields right now
this is so surreal my battery's gonna
die it's insane to see this come
together finally after so long well
we're gonna have to get a bookshelf this
is so cool oh my god thank you guys okay
I'm gonna go eat lunch
I just want to document this and Matt's
gonna freak out Chloe's coming over here
soon so I'm gonna show her look I don't
know there's something satisfying about
the Chloe's looking at the book for the
first time like you're your beast unco
oh I know that I know okay so let me
just focus it so fun fact I got stung by
a bee on my toe and it's super chubby
they're not Ratched I got a pedicure
done Chloe's first impression of the
book we think cashew what do you think
what do you think I read her the
acknowledgement spot with her name in
the back hey get that side the don't let
cashew chew it oh my god and she's
editing the blogs right now for the
cookbook this is too cute khlo so just
got home from a little lunch date and I
wanted not to do a live opening of the
book look you've seen like the inside
I'm just lying I was a computer part of
the creation he was hit a lot of grocery
shopping after I destroyed the kitchen
all the stuff he excited basically I'm
the inspiration for the whole book you
all thank you Matt yeah does it feel
nice yes that's a good week if you
bought it that's a make good weight to
it there's a lot of pages in there look
at funny cleared I can actually open it
yeah Oh even the inside I know
good job it's like they've done it
before that's a good picture yeah yeah
that's that pic it's like one thing to
see it like on the computer like on the
computer like an e-book or something
you're like oh like here's what the
layout will look like you're like okay
like but then to see and like physically
print it in your hand like I think you
put that picture up yesterday on
Instagram and it's in the book I thought
that was like one of the best pictures
cuz like a photo it's like the syrups
turning down a side you should see I
don't know when if you guys would have
RA seen it but the behind the scenes
shot I was like trying to get that maple
syrup shot was really funny there was a
pool of maple syrup on the plate just to
get that shot it took a while to get ya
there that day you are there that day
it's so good I'm gonna show you guys my
favorite pic
oh so much bigger I know we first saw
the first like version it was like a
small photo in the popcorn section can
you see that it still in the popcorn
section you know no I don't actually I
don't know if it is but yeah so there's
only like one picture we sent with me in
it that's like this big shows you how
much Matt's appreciate it yeah come on
all right
and then it was like in the section for
snacks and it was like it would have
been like it literally would have been
would have been like this big like yeah
little find the page that it was on
ain't enough safe it was like a little
corner oh my look at how sick that Votto
is yeah those look good I don't know
what I call those again cake doughnuts I
sense a prett they're so big
these are very good Kylie's a good man
with it I like strawberry rhubarb it
reminds me like my grandma wait let's
make sure every worker yeah yeah I'm
actually funny enough I didn't really
like you fed her pie she's a good Baker
oh yeah and I actually used to not
really like rhubarb pie au revoir
glorious memory card filled up yeah that
photo sick aunt the eggs four ways like
that's cool just like this shot like
Tyler oh I didn't know like I see that
one yet Kylie nailed it girl
Oh hmm see this page this is show that I
think they help knife staples like oh
that page is so cute let me see it it
looks good it looks really really good
oh that looks so good with the measuring
spoons and stuff
you read the acknowledgments Matt Matt
has already like heard it I thinks I
read every bit of the book you've heard
every part of this book
Matt most of it yeah all of it my other
half mr. Matt to my best friend
roommate and business partner who I've
been lucky to call my boyfriend for over
ten years now
Matt was here from the very beginning
believing in me when I knew nothing
about starting a business setting up a
blog or filming a YouTube video without
you I honestly don't know if he'll plant
nutrition would be here today seriously
although some may only see you behind
the scenes to me you've always been my
right-hand advisor supporter and
cheerleader thank you for the countless
runs the grocery store trying to figure
out if cilantro and coriander I heard
the same thing and ranting about why on
earth so many foods have similar names
thank you for reminding me to take a
deep breath when I feel overwhelmed and
in need of a bear hug thank you for
doing all the business things I hate
like organizing hundreds of receipts for
taxes that I stuffed into a shoebox and
for never letting my fears and anxieties
get the best of me most of all thank you
for making me happy excited about life
and truly living the dream okay no
that's our unboxing or that's Matt's
first impression of the official
cookbook really really cool okay never
gonna go make dinner hey all right
so what you guys know Kaitlyn my cousin
heyo heyo
so Kaitlyn actually helped out a lot
with the book a lot with proofreading I
used her university skills and Kaitlyn
actually it was like the last one to
basically look over all the copy in the
book so I'm actually just sharing the
the real copy not the fake one with her
right now I thought I would film your
reaction it looks so pretty Nick like
stop right it's gonna be a story
I know fun Kaitlyn's like the biggest
book nerd
get the biggest Brooke book nerd I know
like she well I got a chapters like ya
to go to chapters I go there once a week
probably probably as many times as
people go stay to a Starbucks for like
their morning coffee like indigo she's
your number one fit I know
sponsor me and ago but like I am oh my
God look at look at the spine oh my god
oh my god like freaking out I'm excited
I know that was like perfect timing
okay hang out I'll fix it continue oh my
god it's you look at all the turquoise
new beginning though like luck this is
like your dream I know I know that's you
oh so weird like seeing it printed cuz
we've only seen it online tell me this
is not the most health planning book it
is like all the colors and the circle is
that pipe was good the photos stunning
whoa it smells fresh it has that new
book feel ya smell I'll smell them all
the time when I go to the store oh yeah
Caitlin was there for the lifestyle
photo shoot and then some of the food
ones yeah I was there for the first
therefore this time it's so it's so cool
to see it I think there's one photo I'm
not smile there's a behind the scenes
shot of you yeah but it's like a nice
shot of you mm-hmm
there's so many recipes with photos
that's a good point there because not
every single recipe has a photo but a
lot of long one of them do Oh Nick this
looks incredibly got the last photo on
the back Oh
that's one of those shining moments back
Oh mr. Mia what's funny Andrew he's
actually wearing this exact same outfit
today is he really yeah
he's I'm pretty sure yeah the shorts the
green shorts and the purple top yeah I
just remember I remember that shot
trying to get the candid Oh
laughs yeah Matt was like looking to
staged and really catch a sack naturally
there's a behind the scenes photo this
being taken - yeah there's hmm go buy it
when this is grand lion we're not sure
but if probably beforehand yes oh then
pre-order the book if you haven't
already and if you're watching this once
it's up
oh then the bookstore go into a
bookstore and look at it and do some
drooling not on the books and I know
thank God it's my mom is picking up food
for us right now because like my
stomach's Rolly mine too
oh yeah like so good so good
to read the acknowledgement nobody's
looking at the pictures loving mom who
has been one of my biggest inspirations
in life and who taught me that food is
meant to be enjoyed
but something's okay yes stopping things
I don't know if Nikki okay so next
reveal is gonna meet my mom you saw the
cover last time so now this is the real
book which apparently has on a meeting
apparently she already read the yeah at
P Freeman I know you had a little that's
beautiful thank you I read see so the
recall this this is the dedication
dedication yes okay sharing it read of
Atlanta yeah right in the front this
buckets for you apparently the woman
that brought me to this bro Wow lots of
reading to do that's about to see better
I wrote all these word I know why words
from your end beautiful pictures
kyla did an amazing job with the
pictures I know nice very summery this
the dressing on this mom is so good look
it's so I did like all go here give me
my phone I did it my own take a picture
I can send it to you all right so it's
so I tried to do like all practicies
sauces like orange juice nice maple
syrup apple cider vinegar since a solid
with a that's a breakfast salad yeah
but the dressing is a breakfast Eden's
like maple syrup Apple I know many
medians orange juice I understood just
take photos of all the recipes for me
so Gigi's warm black-eyed pea salad so
there's a recipe after you know inspired
by Gigi yeah so to my familia first and
foremost I'd like to thank my beautiful
mom grace who's one of my biggest
inspirations in life thank you for
raising me to be the woman I am today
and I said thank you to my second mom to
your crest who has been has always been
with me
thank you to my second mom Tia Chris who
has always made me feel so loved and has
encouraged me to be a strong independent
woman thank you to my little sister
Chloe for my very for being my very
first employee improving that sisters
can work together and not kill each
other most of the time
thank you to my cousin Caitlin for
forever being an inspiration and lending
a helping hand whenever needed like
proof reading my manuscript and laughing
at me corny puns lastly thank you to the
woman who created all of these amazing
ladies my favo Bertha for teaching me
that food is something that brings
family together and is meant to be
enjoyed
oh that's so sweet that's so nice so I
thought it was like a nice touch like
the lady that created all of the
entities out her we would all be here I
know so I have to read that to her when
she
that is so nice oh yeah I'm gonna make
it that looks I know I couldn't I could
have asked for a better reaction I mean
everyone thought I was pregnant so I
think they're a little disappointed you
know what the TV show was a cool one too
I was like that's a good that's a good
guess as well maybe maybe for next year
but yeah and I think the fact that we
and I think the fact that we did the
YouTube premiere function where'd it
almost like everyone was watching at the
same time like I had never I've used
that once before just to test it but I
had it in the back of my mind to use it
for this announcement video and I like
it did so well because you got all those
people already commenting before it went
live and everything came together really
well
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so we are just at the home space in
Toronto looks like a meditation center
honestly it just feels really fun here
we have no shoes and right now we're
just scouting because this is gonna be
they're not even scouting we're just
checking universe into space cuz this is
actually the space for the press
cookbook launch or the health nut
cookbook which is really exciting so we
just met here with Ben and our PR team
and penguin which is our Canadian
publisher and we've just been going
through all the rooms and the space it's
huge it's gonna be beautiful
I can't wait to show you guys when
everything's like set up for the launch
but it's like it's my wedding but it's a
good plan
alright so I'm just add well this is
actually your morning kitchen but I'm
not gonna be on a talk today and I'm
gonna be sharing some healthy snack
recipes that are good for like on-the-go
from the cookbook flow it's really
bright through the setup here there's
the cookbook I'm gonna be making lots of
yummy recipes so we have my lemon herb
humus honey roasted sriracha cashews
we're gonna be making my rock dough
bites and then this is my coconut almond
clusters
rolling so many times
we're rolling cookie dough Nicole
congratulations
this is amazing you know you're a
popular youtuber too incredible offer
I mean switch what made you want to make
this I mean I just like love nothing's
over I've just always had a love for
food and the cookbook was really I got
inspiration in front of my viewers
online asking for certain recipes as
well as I always had it like this list
bucket list dream recipes I lied too
great so those items are now in fun it's
just like all those easy approachable
this is wild
what was the first ingredient I missed
it that what was them the main in that
jar passion passion butter up here I
guess on the way my first foot what do
you want me to say the first time you
oh the crackers are not their mind all
right so I look like crop at my back to
go to the gym and I just got the most
amazing message from jazz our community
manager and she just told me that the
health nut cookbook is on number one
bestsellers list on Amazon dossier and
I'm freaking out I just called Matt
there were some tears and I know Chloe
would want me to film this and document
it so I just thought I fell on my
thoughts and I like I don't want to cry
um I already got like cured with Matt
and I just called my aunt and I can't
call my mom because she's in Portugal
right now but she's coming in two days
and I don't know if you understand how
me you probably do by how much I
promoted it but this book has been so
much work and it just goes to show that
when you work your freakin ass up
of course my battery dies this just goes
to show that when you work your ass off
that good things do happen and I'm no
exception I'm not the lucky one all of
this is a and then is a product of all
of the hard work that has been gone has
been put into this book from not just me
but a team of people and just the love
and passion that's gone into it I think
when you love something so much and
you're so passionate about it like you
can make it you can make it in just
whatever you want and I'm just I don't
know Matt was just like you can
officially now say that the health nut
cookbook is a number one bestseller like
what this is crazy everything's in the
book right beside me it's in the oh I do
like this book right here number one
bestsellers good but what all right so
I'm gonna I don't even know just sit
here and cry in excitement and gratitude
and this is the best news ever and I'm
sorry that I'm just like in my workout
clothes with messy hair but this is life
this is just full I don't know this is
life but um what how I don't even know
this is the craziest thing ever people
have already started getting their books
and I'm just like in awe and so much
gratitude and I don't know yesterday I
was driving to pick up Matt from the
train and I was just getting all
teary-eyed and emotional because I'm
just like how is this happening right
now like at 30 years old I didn't think
I was gonna be an author of a cookbook
and have a business with Matt and we
have employees and we are just like
doing what we love and not only making
it a job for us but for other people and
creating the community that we want
because your vibe
attracts your tribe and you guys are all
amazing so apparently have a good vibe
but I'm just this is so crazy so I just
want to pop on here you guys know we are
number one Furillo number one number one
bestsellers list let me show you guys
what it looks like on the computer
look does it help my cookbook
bestsellers and healthy cookbooks number
one like what I'm before oh she glows
she's like her book is Pez on a viral
she is a rock star and I can't even hear
some other amazing authors that are in
this list this is insane
but we number one honestly if I was in
any order of this less I would still be
crying and this is insane so freakin
grateful I love you guys so much you
made this happen thank you from the
bottom of my heart
good morning happy but lunch day I met
my cousin Katelyn I got a mr. Matt
driving and it is September 3rd crazy
first day back to school lots of people
on the road and we all woke up at 4:30
a.m. so time sense finally out though so
today I have a super early a segment on
a global morning I'm sharing some
back-to-school meal prep friendly
recipes and from the cookbook which is
really exciting and then we're gonna go
to a bookstore and find the Bucky the
book imperson really excited by the way
I don't have a scare on the ends I feel
kind of naked
once will you know uh yeah we're gonna
go look at the book we're gonna sign
some copies today and we're gonna take
you guys along I just got this 56:40
right now so really early
like some beautiful shots
oh yeah great so we're just on the
global set and we're setting up we're
running a little bit late because of
chocolate so it's all good
everyone's killing it and we have our
table so we got breakfast we got lunch
after-school snack it looks so cute got
the health nut cookbook this is the
behind the scenes this is where all the
magic happens
oh my gosh this is so nice the new
school year is officially here and
Nicole Gonzales from help not nutrition
is here with the easy meal prep ideas
for students and before we answer I just
want to say congratulations because your
brand new cookbook comes out to date
so we've just got to indigo so we're at
the bay and Bloor location which is
their flagship location it's beautiful
and we're on a hunt to go find the
health nut cookbook I'm so excited all
right so we're just in here ah so cute
oh my goodness
[Music]
taking other people's books and putting
yours in
[Music]
so we're now going into the Eaton Center
chapters and
[Music]
wowyou then Matt's publish - oh that is
cool one story in the real estate law
[Music]
going live and friendly I in the sector
so okay so I just finished signing like
350 copies at the Eaton Center chapters
and I'm gonna buy a copy for myself
because why not I basically want to buy
a copy at every location I go to and
forever I don't know if that will love
you always buy a copy because it may
have too many I might be weird just have
like 50 copies of your own book on your
bookshelf but today I'm gonna buy one
and maybe we'll do a giveaway or
something
[Music]
do you see it okay
officially seeing the cookbook on the
books oh there it is it's actually in a
bookshelf there but okay I'm gonna go
find someone to come pick one to find
them monsters today so we're at our
final chapters location for in one day
what was happening we're gonna see if
it's on the bookshelf otherwise we're
gonna go grab them and find some more
books look people have already left
reviews for the health not cut [ __ ] hide
until the other one Matt yeah
so cute thanks Aaron for your review
Thank You Gigi who's Matt in the
background Matt also left a review I did
we did
Palin's above - yeah I'll get my review
okay so I'm freaking out because now
it's like right in the front of the
store
that's that's fading and great friend of
the store but oh my god is so cute okay
so I'm gonna take you and we're gonna do
some signing my favorite recipes right
now this is his favorite recipe
Hey
these are so good lemon glaze the very
method I'll just get one bath time yep
so I'm gonna buy another copy I think
I've for now so I'm gonna have to give
these away to you guys I'm gonna go take
a share which is kind of weird buying a
book is your face on it but whatever I'm
celebrating
now look at the line
like
oh yeah that's fair that's fair
[Music]
how does it feel to has book in store
crazy and exciting all the emotions
[Music]
[Music]
it is a very early morning again
day two
oh I thought that was behind me so we
are off to go do your morning and cp24
today you say Tibet yeah whoo
day two of book launch so exciting
[Music]
[Music]
okay so I'm on the your morning set and
Jason the food stylist did a fabulous
job on all the recipes we're doing some
granola some salad some soup dessert the
whole shebang it's gonna be amazing and
then I'm like I have five minutes to run
over to cp24 which is kind of crazy and
I have to pee so
[Music]
it's so good to be here so I got hooked
to compass the book it's official and
basically what I would eat today
all right we're going to so there you
have it that was Episode four of the
cookbook Diaries there was just there
was a lot of book action happening in
this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you guys want to stay tuned for more
healthy recipes lifestyle tips vlogs and
these cookbook Diaries make sure you are
subscribed you can click that red
subscribe button down below it's free
and I've just been having such a blast
sharing the book during a journey with
you guys bring you guys along for the
ride and really showing you what goes
into writing a cookbook which it's kind
of crazy but I'm just so it's been such
a great journey and it's been awesome
sharing it with you guys which who made
it happen you I keep saying it but like
the book wouldn't be here without you
guys so it's really important for me to
bring you guys along for the ride for
episode part 2 of this episode it's
gonna be all about the official cookbook
launch date and or cookbook launch party
which happened a couple of days after
the cookbook release date it was a crazy
week I felt like I kept calling it my
book wedding but it really was that and
we had our some of our most closest
friends family and head pressed we had
other creators come and celebrate with
us and it was a magical day lots of
Tears mostly for me so you'll have to
stay tuned for the next episode to see
what happens but it's gonna be a good
one and there's also all the press tour
step two in that one which whoa it's
still going on right now as we speak and
I
just on the social yesterday it's been
insane but it's been so cool to share it
with you guys so thank you so much for
all the support as always and I hope you
guys have a copy of the book if you
don't I'll have links down below for
where you can get it you can basically
pick up a copy worldwide so grab it now
make the recipes you will love them and
I'll see you guys in the next video bye
guys
have an awesome weekend
[Music]
