welcome back to another episode of Nick
and Matt hey Hulk nuts welcome back to
today's vlog today's vlog is gonna be a
little bit different we're actually
going to take a trip down memory lane
and just kind of share some of the
highlights that happen in 2008 team this
is a vlog I've been wanting to do for a
bit
I want to do it back in January but it's
coming out in February and I just it's
just crazy we've been vlogging for a
long time sharing our life with you guys
and for those of you who are new here
welcome we're so excited to have you
guys a part of the channel and just kind
of share our journey with you guys this
year there's gonna be some really
amazing things secret projects that
we've been working so hard on that I
can't wait to share with you guys you
guys are gonna be in shock and I'm just
really excited I love vlogging vlogging
every week and doing three videos every
week has been a bit of a challenge but I
honestly love it I love the balance of
the recipes lifestyle and vlogs and I
don't know if I could take one out just
yet I'm actually just about to grab an
uber and head up for dinner with Matt's
brothers and I just want to do a little
intro before we hop right in into the
montage video so let's roll the film and
enjoy the trip down memory lane of 2019
or 18 I'm mixing up the years
[Music]
[Music]
good morning little bit early and we go
to Philly
[Music]
that's the first thing of the United
States be cool about this dream in those
my mind it's that day it's actually
really bittersweet I've enjoyed my time
at this condo right downtown in Toronto
by the waterfront but it is time for a
new change
[Music]
soon
[Music]
they don't mess welcome back to the vlog
so today is a bit of a different blog
because I'm only vlogging half of the
day because not surprising me with eight
secret date night
[Music]
have an idea fire away
to a game
to gain the game I don't know where next
go into the ACC
[Music]
yeah it's a nice thing
good morning health nuts I'm in the car
was mr. Matt and we have a very well I
have a very exciting day today today is
the official first time I am ever going
on national live television
[Music]
that one looks really good so money see
I'm getting ready because we are heading
to Prince Edward County today don't mind
my hair I let it air-dry yesterday and
then I had it in a scrunchie all night
and it's doing this like crazy wave
thing I might just embrace it but fix it
up a little bit
[Music]
[Applause]
oh that stuff and oh it's like clouds on
my feet yeah still going strong it there
me I guess
so you put our feet in the water no
gonna get muddy in the car
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
apparently bees like lavender huh it's
an observation kind of a close-up of
phew hey help us welcome back to the
vlog welcome back to my vlog my vlog
you're just a guest okay so we just
parked at the Aviva Center we are here
for a really fun PR event with Rogers
Cup so we're actually gonna play we
don't really know what to expect but
we've been invited to play some tennis
on the actual exam pionship court and
it's like a for fun thing so they're not
expecting us to be like I've never
played tennis in my life have you ever
been tried a tennis ball I don't know
that Oh
[Music]
cut your racket
[Music]
so how do you feel real feel pretty good
those it was much more fun when you're
like actually in the game yeah
I have a new career hey hop let's
welcome back to the vlog today is a very
exciting day because it is the official
second annual health nut Meetup it
sounds very official we are very excited
because there are so many of you guys
RSVP'd I mean last year I was happy if
just ten people show up showed up but we
have like a hundred and twenty people
RSVP'd and that's not including friends
and family
[Music]
look who's here supporting boys it's the
birthday boy happy birthday to you I'll
save you from listen to my singing all
right how do you get my clique in the
car it's a coin up let's take this baby
for a spin
[Music]
we're never looking back and look back
now
[Music]
or in Heidi like in the spaceship you
like it
good morning vlog today is a special day
it's my birthday and not just any
birthday but yeah especially 30
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
sleep Pedialyte to us work all right
[Music]
Matt is sporting ready to go I'm so
hungry
okay let's go get some deep dish pizza
[Music]
[Music]
see
it's working
ready
[Music]
whoa you guys almost went to Lyon
so it just me about five seconds to find
hey that's just sorry
I just ran into Megan who's a fellow
subscribers and she just moved to
Chicago she is the wants to do tomorrow
your kill what this
yeah
[Music]
our cyber weekend sale has done so well
my voice is cracking that's how well
this weekend's been but I were currently
just packaging up all these shipments
are gonna be going out this week to all
of the gauntlet homes out there who
ordered some really awesome goodies from
our shop and we were just blown by the
reaction that you guys have given us
with the sales and just stocking your
household with lots of our goodies that
we sell in the shop so we are writing
all handwritten letters so my hands
cramping up and it's about Matt
[Music]
I have to say I want to thank my mom I
want to thank my dad just kidding but I
want to thank you guys for helping me
win the notable award for youtuber of
the year that is such a crazy title but
I'm gonna take it I was up against some
really awesome other very big youtubers
bigger than the health-nut channel but
it just goes to show that the health nut
family killed it and you guys all your
votes really didn't matter and that is
how I won this so cue the the cheering
and the confetti I am just like I just
wanna stay up late at night I'm very
excited I did a whole post about it
which you guys left so many amazing
comments on so thank you so much I am so
grateful to win this it's you don't even
know this is just like so awesome
alright we just landed in Montreal my
ears are so clogged we we we we we we we
we are just gonna get our rental we're
driving to belgium long tonight so we
have a little bit of a road trip ahead
of us an hour
[Music]
[Music]
I was telling Matt that if I have no
know along that gondola ride is and how
high we were gonna go up I don't know if
I would have gone I didn't say anything
right I was like ignorance is bliss so
we are in two freaking clouds guys oh my
goodness so we're about to go down it's
a very long ride down I told Matt I'm
like I think this will be the most
adventurous thing I've ever done pretty
good day for it not too cold like - well
yeah it's not it's not too bad sounds
awful it's not too bad so hopefully I
don't die
[Music]
oh the umbrellas not over my head at all
a little no so we just got to Manhattan
New York
we're just gonna go check out some
pitcher on
ramen which I've had in Tokyo which is
amazing but Nicole's never tried so
we're gonna go give it a go and see how
the New York one compares to the Tokyo
one
[Music]
[Music]
she said we're sharing your money
instead of sharing shaking
[Music]
BAM that tree looks small over there but
trust me it's huge I just want to get a
shot of it far away for you guys to see
so cool it points to the tree for years
and lots of Myr here we've just missed
it
so Matt's getting his Instagram but
let's take a closer look Shelby
[Music]
thank you again for watching guys we
love you so much we made every single
comment I love hearing so you guys are
really enjoying the vlogs and you just
feel like they're very real and
authentic because guys is our life
alright health nuts there you have it
that is 2018
memory lane vlog I just thought it'd be
really fun to do kind of a recap of last
year and all the highlights that
happened a lot happened last year which
I'm so grateful for you guys are amazing
you guys support us so much and we just
wouldn't be able to do a lot of the
things that we do without your support
so thank you so much
and I would love it if you guys left
avocado emoji down below in the comments
and for maybe leave one avocado emoji
for every year that you've been
following the channel as a whole and let
me know what leave a comment on what
your favorite moment from the vlogs has
been I would love to know what that was
so yeah sometimes it's weird that we
share so much of our life with you could
say strangers around the world but I
feel like I know you guys I see your
usernames in the comments I read every
single comment even if I don't reply to
every single one and I just yeah I'm so
grateful but yeah thank you so much be
sure be sure to subscribe hit that red
subscribe button if you aren't already
join the HealthNet family I post every
Monday Wednesday and Friday here on this
channel have a fabulous day and have an
awesome weekend since this comes out on
Friday
what bye guys
[Music]
