[Music]
hey health nuts welcome back to my
channel my name is Nicole Gonsalves and
welcome back to another episode of the
health nut cookbook Diaries so if you
are new to my channel and this is the
first episode that you're landing on
this is a new series that I started to
help bring you guys on the journey of
behind the scenes of creating my very
first cookbook this is a here she's a
beauty this is the health nut cookbook
which is available for pre-order right
now as you're watching this and it is
officially launching in stores mostly
wherever or everywhere books are sold
and it's gonna be coming September 3rd
to a bookstore near you so it's kind of
surreal to think that it's gonna be in a
bookstore soon but we are less than two
months away like a month and a half not
even it is just around the corner and
I'm really excited because you guys are
gonna have it in your hand
very soon which is so fricking cool I
can't believe it now before we hop in I
just want to let you guys know that we
are doing a really fun giveaway this
month with sage wellness I will have all
the details link down below you guys can
enter for a chance to win one of their
diffusers a bunch of oils as well as
their pharmacy pack which I use in love
like every single week so I will have
more details down below also if you've
already pre-ordered the cookbook you
will also get a 20% off coupon to our
online wellness shop the health nut shop
calm more info down below as well and
all you have to do is just put in your
information on the landing page and then
you'll write away get a discount for the
shop which is really cool so all that
information down below just a couple of
fun incentives for you guys to get your
book early also there's lots of sales
that have been going on so keep an eye
out on indigo on Amazon and check out
wait for those sales because they're
definitely happening and yeah so without
further ado let's get into the video and
talk about the lifestyle photography
about this book and how it all came
together so in last week's episode I
talked all about the food photography
portion of the cookbook which obviously
is a huge chunk of the photos and
probably about 80% of them but another
very important portion of the photos is
lifestyle photos which it was a bit of
me some of mr. Matt and then some of
like me with food so it was a
combination of stuff it was one of my
favorite photo shoots ever and it was
just after we were really done all the
food stuff it was really fun just to
have a very casual fun way more relaxed
shooting day compared to the food
because there was no it was there
cooking there was a very minimal cooking
in this photo shoot so the lifestyle
photo shoot happened actually over two
days I because one day we were doing
ones on location where I basically went
with Chloe who was filming behind the
scenes and my photographer Kyla and we
just went around the city we went around
Toronto and looked for yeah we had like
a shot list that we planned out maybe
I'll insert the Pinterest or our like
inspo that we had for that shot list and
we basically had scouted out some really
cool locations in Toronto that we knew
we want to shoot at we put some outfits
together and we basically went out into
the streets of Toronto and shot some
really cool photos good morning health
nut today is an exciting day because it
is the first lifestyle shoot day for my
cookbook
today we're doing like an outdoor on
location 1 so we're just hop in between
like coffee shops farmers markets
beaches I don't know we have a few ideas
on the agenda but I'm really we're
living like five minutes so I have to
make this quick but this is this shirt
I'm wearing how freaking cute and
appropriate is this Chloe found it page
one of 365 I don't actually know how
many pages or my book yet but I thought
it was really cute with ten packs
Zara I love it so Chloe is so kind and
just finished steaming all these clothes
we have here and then over here I have
my yoga mat my makeup bag I have some
purses and stuff that look at that
yellow and that periwinkle blue very
health nut cookbook appropriate and
we're just about to leave because we're
going to my friend Anthony and Connors
place because Connors doing my hair
Chloe you ready ready
you look cute talking about your look
okay let's go
vamos
[Music]
all right just got to good place
hi Anthony you just look like oh there
you go they got some light this is a
concrete whoa I can see the a filming us
struggles here yeah or in the concrete
cave right now it's very industrial I
love this place so I'm at Connors place
and he's doing my hair gonna give it
some waves yay I am pretend like I did
it today
[Music]
[Music]
hey hair is done it looks so cute and
Connor is a sweetheart and gave me the
tools I need to keep it looking good
[Music]
some produce for my bath
[Music]
the one thing I really remember that
stands out in my mind is getting stung
by a bee this was my fourth time being
stung by a bee this is why I don't like
these I mean I love honeybees but I
don't like when the Hornets or the wasp
sting me it's very painful and it
happened while we were shooting this
photo so I was like just galloping in
the I think we're in Trinity Bellwoods
Park and just doing my thing love in my
life and then all of a sudden I stepped
it was like a bee must have went under
between my toe and my sandal and I
stepped on that stinger and man did it
her I like dropped to the ground I got
yelled and it was really painful and I
didn't really know what it was at first
and then quickly after we realized that
my foot was my toe was swelling up and I
got stung by a bee so if you look very
closely in one of the photos my toe is a
little swollen from that bee sting so we
I was a trooper I just carried along
through it smiling while my foot was
stinging and throbbing but I mean my toe
it was stinging and throbbing I don't be
too overdramatic but like it was not the
best but it's fine it lasted like 20
minutes and then I moved on but that was
just like a funny highlight of my day
that day
[Applause]
the pain that went through my foot I
didn't like the sex I wish I was a bit
earlier I mean I probably yeah oh man I
can't even get stuck on the beam
[Music]
on me a picnic table and crank it on the
rock
[Music]
[Music]
the crawling on you one thing to know is
when you are planning out a photo shoot
for a really big project you sometimes
take photos that don't end up being in
the actual finished product so this
happens even with recipe shooting we
shoot a ton of photos and really only
like three to five end up in the blog
post so it's just about making sure you
get that shot so we did a lot of we did
a few locations that didn't end up being
in the cookbook that we're gonna
repurpose for some other stuff there was
a beach scene that we did of me walking
on the rocks and we originally had this
really cute idea of being in front of
this little it's like a lifeguard house
on the beach but it was covered by like
fencing because they were doing
construction on it which is really sad
but it's a really cute photo spot if you
guys are looking for one on the
waterfront
it's really cute and the highlight of
that day was getting this shot in front
of this turquoise brick wall that I've
been for years now we would past it when
we were getting off of the DVP
which is a big highway in Toronto and
it's kind of like this random turquoise
like it's one of those pillars under a
highway and it's a random painted
turquoise painted brick pillar and every
time I would pass it I was like that's
such a cute turquoise wall like one day
I'm gonna do a photo shoot there so I
couldn't really remember where the where
this brick wall was but after a couple
of loops and being stuck in a lot of
traffic we found it
and I am so happy like sometimes we go
out of your way to get get a shot and
you think like is it gonna be worth it
this was totally worth it we got we went
there we got this shot we parked in like
some random little like back-alley spot
closed stayed in the car kyla and i ran
across the highway
and we got the shot it was a very tight
spot like if you guys saw we didn't
actually get behind the scenes of it
because Chloe was in the car and it was
just like a really last-minute shot but
it ended up being one of my favorite
photos so it's like me with my bouquet
of kale just shooting some photos in
front of the turquoise wall in the
middle of the highway and it was funny
because there was some like graffiti of
like a boob on there and we luckily were
able to edit that out with the magic of
Photoshop but it was just like sometimes
when you see the behind the scenes or if
you have something in your mind and then
you see it come to life it's really cool
and that's exactly what happened and now
I have forever this photo of me in this
turquoise wall let me see if I can find
it
oh so this is one of it one of them
right here that is the turquoise wall
and we got some really fun photos and
I'm just in love with how it turned out
and there's a lot of turquoise in this
book so it definitely helped bring my
turquoise obsession into the book and
that wall now is forever in my book
alright so that is a wrap we just
finished we had to like run across the
highway to the perfect turquoise wall
and we did it
Chloe are you feeling good
Chloe was like the driver of the whole
time so look at them they're really cute
are they I don't want to show here show
show some my god thank you she looks me
- the breasts I know there's like boobs
next to me imagine that was the cover
like one of those no no I wouldn't I
wouldn't complain I wouldn't complain I
wouldn't hate it
moving on to day 2 of our lifestyle
photo shoot we needed a kitchen so we
were living in our condo in Scarborough
at the time and our kitchen was like a
galley kitchen so it was not suitable
for cookbook photoshoots so because I
didn't have the kitchen of my dreams yet
I decided to rent one so we went on this
website it's kind of like Airbnb but
four spaces and I'll have a link down
below and see if I have a coupon code
for you guys and I'll try to find the
exact kitchen that we shot in in case
you're looking for a space or you just
want to hang out in the the fake
HealthNet kitchen that we shot this a
book but basically we scouted a ton of
different spots and locations and we
found this beautiful loft in Toronto on
the east end of the city and it was
perfect and let me just say the space
was gorgeous like I was ready to move in
there I was just like hey I got your
keys I'm staying you're out this is
happening all right we just got to the
loft that I've rented out for our
lifestyle shots in the kitchen this is
like my fake kitchen Kyla is just
testing out the lighting to see I think
we kind of set it up on this end cuz
there's like two ends that we could
technically do it on Caitlin's here ever
ever and yeah but to send that this guy
was Houston and oh I was saying that
this kitchen looks or like this setup is
looking cuter than my actual kitchen kai
you look so cute today by the way
oh wait let me get you on this angle oh
I like to take care today
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I've seen one done just made my everyday
green smoothie
hmm I've almost drank links to glasses I
feel like I swallowed a lot of air while
sipping tea 19 the lighting in here is
so good
[Music]
all right we just wrapped up me drinking
some lemon water I have this super cute
yoga outfit I'll show you let me just
move this stool here so I picked this up
from Lululemon which I feel like I've
been bought workout clothes in a while
but I have this really cute like purple
sports bra with this shirt that ties and
these like seafoam green pants which I
love feel like I should just some some
yoga
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
so I'm just decorating it meal prep I
got my roasted acorn squash bowls with a
little bit of some chicken and I'm just
dressing bless you
you can probably filled up two cartons
I'm on my third big day I feel like
we're gonna fill five cards to play in
five work kyla is the worst part way
through all the photos picking them I
don't envy her and I may have their pics
I have to pick like a few offers his
wife you you're gonna get so sick of my
face you're gonna be like Chloe when she
edits my videos like I can't stand your
voice super cute
Matt's on his way here then we're going
to some couple these shots cozy cuddling
making out on the couch ya know it
should be good and and then we have
pricing doughnuts oh I could use a
doughnut yeah me too okay
I mean who couldn't Jonah
[Music]
[Music]
so the very last photo that we shot this
day was with mr. Matt he came a little
bit towards the end of the day I don't
know if he was working that day or
something but he came and we shot some
fun photos we did a couple of different
scenes and my favorite one was one that
we did of us on the couch eating popcorn
because it's what we like to do a lot
chill Netflix and chill and watch in eat
some popcorn because that's we like a
chill night and now we do it with cashew
but like we just really wanted to have a
candid scene of the two of us and we
finally got it it took quite a while
because Matt is not the best at posing
candid shots all of them are like he
would just like hold the smile for like
five seconds it's not like natural he's
like I got it yeah so this is really
funny but we did get the shot mr. Matt
is in the book it was a must I said he
had to be in the book somewhere so it's
kind of like Where's Waldo but where's
Matt you guys have to find him in the
book when you get it but at least he'll
know kind of what you're looking for now
donut time look this year now it's mr.
Matt yo good
I didn't have enough braking happened
all right Matt and I are doing our
romantic little shoot ready for my
popcorn ready for my close-up
oh yeah put your good side accomplished
it's the back of this so that was our
lifestyle photo shoot it was so much fun
I'm going to link my lovely photographer
Kyla down below for you guys to check
out her work follow her on Instagram
she's always posting some really fun
behind the scenes stuff there
also big shout out to my sister Chloe
for shooting behind the scenes as well
as my cousin Caitlin who also has a
channel here on YouTube Caitlin's corner
I'll link her down below and also I want
to give you guys let you guys know next
month is gonna be such an amazing
giveaway you're doing like a finale
right before the cookbook launch and you
guys do not want to miss out it's gonna
be really good so the thing is if you
guys buy the book this month or like
today not only will you be eligible into
the sage wellness giveaway but you also
be entered in to the next giveaway I was
just about to say what it is but I'm
keeping it a secret it's so good and we
may be giving away two of them I got a
thing I gotta wait and find that it but
really excited it's gonna be so awesome
and it's a great way to wrap up the
cookbook Diaries which we may continue
them post book launch date person behind
the scenes of the cookbook launch and
stuff but this has just been really fun
to take you guys behind the scenes and
show you guys what went into making this
book right here so if you guys haven't
pre-ordered it already I would it would
mean so much to me and Matt in the
health net team if you guys pre-ordered
it pre-ordering a lot of people don't
know really helps promote the book and
it helps with the sales at the book of
getting on best sellers list so if you
know you're gonna get the book it means
a lot if you guys do it before the
actual room
State it truly does help me out and also
you're gonna get an amazing book out of
it
you're gonna get entered into some
awesome contests and you're gonna get a
20% off coupon to the health nut shop so
all the information linked down below
get yourself a copy and thank you so
much for tuning in to these very long
blabber e behind-the-scenes videos of
the cookbook creation so thank you so
much be sure to subscribe hit that red
subscribe button down below I post new
videos every single week and I hope to
see you guys in my next one I'm gonna
maybe scroll through this and pick
something to eat for dinner tonight
because everything I'm just like getting
re excited with the book and trying out
all the recipes again and just realizing
how they're my favorite recipes ever so
I'm gonna go do that and I hope you guys
have a fabulous day
bye guys
[Music]
