[Music]
[Music]
never
[Music]
oh my god cash is throwing up you okay
are you okay what you need you want have
some water mom make sure you eat
something
you okay cashew just drinking water so
[Music]
[Music]
this is what I'm wearing to the gym I
haven't worn these tights in a while
don't mind the laundry back there um but
yeah I'm just trying to enjoy the last
bit of summer and embrace it in some fun
fruity pants and a bright colored sports
bra I'll try to link these below or find
similar ones all right let's go make a
smoothie hi Jaime and because it
wouldn't be a vlog without cashew we've
been calling her scooby-doo lately cuz
I've heard her gorgeous caller hi baby
good morning how you doing you just
farted that's disgusting
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
perfect measurement I love that you like
the higher one Cheers
so good delicious I'm gonna drink this
finish getting ready and then we're
gonna actually go to the gym Matt's been
downstairs packaging some orders for the
shop that we have to drop off later but
just gonna finish game right cuz yeah I
just miss my hair all right so while
Matt and it's just getting ready for the
gym I just thought I would chat with you
guys a little bit so today is Sunday and
one of the things that I usually do on
Sundays is meal prep now Matt and I have
been a little bit off of our meal prep
game went to the green Matt yeah we keep
talking about it and we're just like we
need to get better I mean it's something
I always talk about it's something nice
swear by when you have prepped food and
fridge you are way less likely to order
out to spend more money on food and you
eat healthier so I'm really excited
because today we're just gonna do like
our real-life Sunday meal prep it is
actually Sunday today I don't know if I
mentioned that but we're gonna do our
meal prepping today and sure so you guys
what we do what I do what Matt does this
is just like a very real meal prep it's
not going to be complicated and it's
just gonna be super authentic and what
we actually do when we are on our meal
prep game I now I did get a really
special delivery the other day which you
probably saw if you follow me on
Instagram and if you don't you can
follow me here at your health nut on
Instagram
damn this meat is really good today yeah
so I got really special delivery from
almond cow now if you've never seen this
this is a plant-based milk maker almond
cow is actually sponsoring and
collaborating with me on today's video
which is really exciting since you guys
have spending obviously why I need to
try this just as much as I have so
basically you make plant-based milk in
here you can do Nazis basically anything
your mind can think of you can get
really creative and make unique homemade
plant-based milks and I really like this
gadget because it's an all-in-one like
you don't have to worry about straining
or soaking and you can add whatever
flavors you want so I'm gonna show you
how I'm gonna use this for my meal
typing game today it's not to say that
you're never gonna buy you know
store-bought milks again but this is
just like a fun way to make it at home
it's healthier it's more convenient it's
more cost effective and like I said you
can basically make any flavor of milk
that you want because sometimes some of
the milks that I want to drink are so
expensive at the grocery store or they
just don't exist because I think of
creative things that I'm craving and I
can't get them at the store so we're
gonna show you guys some fun nut milks
that you can make with that and also
just like a regular meal prep so that is
what's happening today I don't know what
else is happening we have to drop off
orders what are we doing today Matt I
was just thinking out loud what are you
doing yeah build build a shelf in the
garage build a big shelf you just
philosophy good flossing oh yeah so Matt
got a shelf two shelves huge shelves
from Costco so we're gonna set those up
and it's just gonna be look at her her
little family it's just gonna be a
productive Sunday
I bring my yoga mat because I think
there might be a yoga class going on but
I'm not sure so I'm gonna check out my
phone
[Music]
so we're back at home I'm changed and
we're actually just about to head out
because we have to drop off the health
nut shops orders as well as health nut
pop orders we're getting more puppy
orders which is really exciting but I
want to make a little grocery shopping
list because any time you don't have a
list either under by over by you never
get everything you need so I just want
to make a list now there's stuff that
I'm gonna make that Matt or like Matt
and I are making different things so I
so I need cashews I need strawberries
and then I also want to make a cinnamon
date pecan milk which I'm so excited for
so we're gonna add some pecans I already
have some dates
I have cinnamon so we're good actually I
might get a little bit more cinnamon I'm
kind of low all right so we have all of
the orders for the shop this is how you
know it's from the health nut shop right
cash got the sticker got tons of
delivery to do today and cash is gonna
ride in the back right yes
that
[Music]
so Matt and I are taking a little lunch
break outside on the balcony the deck
and we just got some fresh a I'm also
drinking a little pink grapefruit
sparkling water I'm just gonna eat this
and then we're gonna get to meal
prepping how you doing cash she's just
living her life okay so I have my almond
cow appliance and I'm just gonna open it
up so there's a couple of different
pieces here that we just gave everything
a good rinse and clean so there's a
couple of parts inside this here is the
filter basket this is the collector cup
this helps you kind of just hold it up
while you add in your ingredients and
then we're just gonna set this aside
okay so for this flavor I'm gonna be
doing kind of like a salted caramel
pecan and milk I don't know I'm just
playing around and that's why this
machine is so cool because you can
really make any plant-based milk of your
heart desires and then just like see the
taste like so I have some raw pecans
here I also last minute threw in just a
few Brazilian nuts sort of really good
for you and I try to add them into my
smoothies but I'm gonna add them into my
belt because I've never had a Brazilian
nut milk before so I'm just gonna pop
these right in it's probably good you
can soak them or just use them as raw as
I'm doing and then for sweetness I have
some medjool dates make sure you take
the pits out just gonna add those in and
then I have some cinnamon this is just
gonna be really it's gonna be really
flavorful it's good for sugar balancing
just a sprinkle of lot and it's just
gonna like give it that warmth in the
milk and then we're just going to add in
our top so this also just kind of helps
you
secure it so you're just gonna lock that
into place and then we're going to take
a side we take our base and there's like
a minimum and Max line on the inside
we're going to fill it up with some
water also a pinch of salt and then
we're just gonna take the top all right
so let's stop blinking so then you can
use your collector cup and just kind of
set it aside let it fully drain for like
ten minutes
and okay we're gonna transfer this into
a jar and see what it looks like can I
pour myself a glass
hmm nope I don't think I've ever had
picking well mmm yummy okay so I'm gonna
pop the lid on here store this in the
fridge and then we're going to use our
pulp to make some granola for our meal
prep today so now I'm just gonna be
making an apple spice granola this is
actually on the almond cow website and
it's gonna be repurposing the pecan pulp
which is really awesome so I have some
pecans pumpkin seeds there's oats under
there I have some shredded coconut
I have cinnamon net milk nutmeg sea salt
and I think that's it I'm just gonna
give this a mix I will link this recipe
down below for you guys to check out
then for my wet I have some apple sauce
here I'm also going to use this is the
leftover pecan pulp so let's use about
1/2 a cup I'm just gonna use I'm just
eyeballing it no I feel like that is
going to be half a cup I'm just putting
the whole thing in and then I have some
melted coconut oil on the stove adding
in the coconut oil mix this together mix
that and then I'm gonna mix the two
together
you know pecans are expensive you gotta
use every last bit it's you're not
wasting anything now the recipe doesn't
say to do this but I'm gonna add in some
maple syrup because I think the flavors
will go really nice that's the thing
about recipes you can always just kind
of you know tweak it how you want fun
fact this is our own silicone baking
sheet with our little logo on it they're
so cute we have the right now on the
shop I'll link them down below and
they're great because you can just reuse
them over and over again so I'm just
spreading this nice and evenly across
and then we're gonna pop this into the
oven to bake and get nice and crispy I'm
gonna save these ends to steam for
cashew to put in her meals
[Music]
[Music]
so sue potatoes are in the oven the
granola is in the oven I got the quinoa
cooking that's about to cook bring me
put his chicken in the oven I have a ton
of super spotty bananas that are
actually perfect for a banana bread but
I'm going to chop them up and freeze
them I like to freeze them in one of
these large silicone bags I'll link them
down below and that way I have them
ready for oatmeal smoothies I can still
make banana bread with them I just let
them thaw a little bit before I mash
them and I'm always having bananas on
rotation I just bought some more today
at the grocery store that I'm gonna let
ripen but these are perfectly ready to
chop up for freezing
[Music]
and I'm just gonna pop this into the
freezer and I got bananas ready for
smoothies all week long alright so I'm
gonna show you how to poach some chicken
I have some silicone these are like the
medium-sized ones silicone bakes so I
have my raw chicken I'm gonna add it in
here and then all you have to do is add
in whatever flavoring you want to infuse
into it so I have some chives and I'm
just using what I have in the fridge I
got some raw onion or garlic I had some
lemon and the other one I just put the
chicken in there and then I'm gonna
actually end up shredding this up super
flavorful instead of just boiling the
chicken this is also a great way to just
not use a ton of oil on your chicken you
can put a little bit of olive oil in
these which I might do but you don't
have to fry them in Wales so lemon and
they're like just little flavor pack so
you can do this with the fish too it's
really good with salmon and I'm gonna
add a little bit of olive oil just a
tiny bit and this is optional okay and
I'm just taking this like all-purpose
seasoning and I'm gonna put it right in
there
and you want to just seal them up so
it's like just a little bit is left open
and then we're going to just pop them I
have a large pot of water that's about
to boil I'm just going to add these in
just standing up just going to close
them a little bit more
and those are gonna boil for about 20
minutes or so I just until they're
cooked it depends on the size and then
when they come out they're so flavorful
and you can shred them up or just eat
them as is chop them up for salads and
just the herbs or flavors that you put
inside really do infuse and it tastes so
good I love making a chicken like that
but Matt likes to roast it so I'm just
going to add this into the oven once the
sweet potatoes and granola are done
baking up
[Music]
[Music]
looks great so yesterday my Matt got two
of these shelves from Costco just to
like organize the garage a little bit
it's coming together we have like the
wheels up there
hurry health nuts that is it for today's
vlog I feel like we got a lot done today
meal prepped I've just done a bunch of
cleaning around the house laundry and
just about to fold this clean pile here
matt has done so like I don't totally
reorganize the garage it looks awesome
those shelves were like on sale at
Costco for 150 each and they're
heavy-duty steel shelves so definitely
check that out if you're looking for
shelves for like a garage or something
and yeah if you guys want to check out
almond cow huge thanks to them for
sponsoring this video I'm gonna have a
link down below for you guys to learn
more information about them I'll put the
code here but you guys can check that
out below and questions the day today
are you are you a male pepper and if so
what type of meal prepping style do you
like what are your like main foods that
you usually make on a Sunday or whatever
during the week leave me a comment down
below as always don't forget to
subscribe we post here every Monday
Wednesday and Friday and I can't wait to
see you guys in the next vlog or video
or wherever you end up coming back to us
okay bye guys have a fabulous Friday
since that's when you'll be watching
this and I'm gonna wrap up here fold out
laundry yay bye guys
[Music]
you
[Music]
