[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey health nuts happy vlogmas I'm
currently sitting in a parking but we
are in the parking lot of the mall and
we just dropped off Matt I'm about to
chug this smoothie like my life depends
on it I didn't get a chance to drink it
yet I'm also gonna do a few emails
before we actually get into the mall cuz
I didn't actually think it's open yet do
you think it's open yeah do you think so
it seems like we're here really early
it's not even 9:30 I have a feeling they
open at 10:00 maybe we should Chuck okay
so I'm gonna drink the smoothy and
basically today we are shopping it for
at mr. Matt's stockings if you guys
don't know we don't really do big gifts
for each other I feel like really like
people who have been together a long
time a lot of people do this because at
the end of the day how do you keep like
upping last year's gift you know and you
end up spending so much money on
something that somebody really doesn't
want or maybe I don't just sometimes can
be a waste of money I like to be honest
like if Matt and I want something like a
lot of times we just like look for sale
and then we get it and I don't mean like
oh we get anything but like if you know
Matt's been wanting like a new I'm just
trying to think of something that he's
been wanting a lot of stuff is for the
house is for a ps4 yes that's a good
Matt's for wanting a ps4 and actually so
have I of because I really want to play
spyro and he and the board anyone on
Black Friday deals you know and like why
are we gonna wait I don't know that's
just kind of what we do and to be honest
the big things that we do for each other
our experiences we'll do trips we'll go
to the spa together and things like that
and things that are just like spending
time together and it's more an
experience as opposed to material good
so a couple years ago I decided like
let's just do fun stockings for each
other and like get gifts that we
actually need could be like
I don't know like skincare like a
magazine that I know he likes just like
things like that and then a couple of
bigger things to like this year I
already got a couple of bigger things
but I know he needs it you know like
like a sweater oh I gotta tell Matt not
to watch this vlog like a sweater like a
super cozy sweater and just things I
know he's mentioned that he wants or he
needs because he doesn't really go
shopping so that's the game plan today I
haven't actually no idea what I'm
getting him I have to have a couple
things right now to get him and now
we'll see what they have
I got Chloe here Chloe's a really good
gift giver so I hope you have me for
Secret Santa by the way we're doing
Secret Santa for me and my siblings same
thing so we don't have to like everyone
was enough to buy a big gift instead
we're doing would just pick one person
and we give them we have like an $80
budget so we can actually buy them
something nice instead of buying
something for everyone and spending 50
bucks it's like we save money but we
also get to buy something a little bit
better because like nowadays what can
you get for like 25 bucks even 50 80 is
like you can at least get something
decent with tax and stuff so that's the
game plan and I'm gonna hop on Instagram
right now just to remind people about
the giveaways if you are not following
myself and miss kasshu she's not here
right now she's gone they don't let her
at the mall we are doing 12 Days of
Giveaways throughout December we're
doing them every other day to spread
them out a little bit but yeah go check
out links down below to have a chance to
win some free stuff we've got some
really good giveaways happening so you
don't want to miss out anyways I'm gonna
go on Instagram right now do that to do
a couple emails to Chris really see you
guys a bit also
from Valley Village I feel so thrifty I
love it Matt's like is that your new
sweater it says it's like Grandma
Christmas chic and that's okay
[Music]
it has two days in November but
[Music]
not a little
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
actually
[Music]
so found this gym bag and actually like
it reminds me of bobby like rock
climbing colors like these tiny shoes
but it says convertible
it looks better as such and baby I guess
like for trouble it might be yeah 74 not
just bleep up the price yeah I got a
gift receipt
exchange so I'm gonna do the commission
slim pant so these are basically no work
and he's talking about these indoors so
they're a little bit more expensive than
I wanted to spend for stalking but this
is what I mean these are things like
they actually means not and I know you
won't buy the pen pal because he's a
conservative man it's not cheap but I
ever heard my viola Modi'in seem like
love so I think and I'm doing great cuz
Matt you gotta stop wearing [ __ ]
black pants
and they said he has until like January
30th to return it but you're not
returning them thank you
so we got what we came for
I'm really happy with my purchases I
think I got Matt some really good things
I he'll actually use and things like he
wanted just I know would it buy for
yourself so that's what I'm here for
like these are my friends we're gonna go
grab some lunch we're gonna grab some
sushi on the carpet and then I think I
just need let's talk in the car colder
okay so I'm pretty much done Matt like I
spent more than I was planning on but
like I said I got all the things that I
know he meets in his life so he
definitely can't watch this vlog and
then Chloe had a good idea like jerky he
loves jerky so I'll get him a good one
he's a good he's a big gum chewer
he likes energy drinks but I refuse to
grab those oh maybe I put some zvn there
I think I'm just gonna grab like food
and snacks that he likes and that's it
because I respond too much but yeah like
I said I know he's gonna use everything
so it's all good and then he has if
receipts
that he can return or exchange if he
really doesn't want it which is nice so
it's a win-win
we're gonna go to Michael's now I have
something to return I hope he's like
monstera leaves which I wish it was
tropical right now
they were $25 each
so we're definitely returning them I
bought them for beauty net skincare at
the beauty net skincare shoe but we
ended up using real ones so we're gonna
quickly go return those cuz that's 50
bucks that I would like in my wallet and
then yeah and then Chloe's gonna go with
Matt to do my stocking shopping on
another day so you'll see that as well
and it's probably the next clip so enjoy
hey guys it's Matt so I'm at the mall
I'm with Chloe she's gonna give me a
hand because I'm not the best at picking
presents for people I'll be honest so
she's gonna help me out we're gonna go
find some stuff for Nicole stocking I
just got off work so a little bit tired
but it's gonna I'm gonna power through
hopefully we won't be in the mall too
long because I'm not a big mall guy so
hopefully you'll just be quick in a now
pick up a couple of things maybe grab a
snack crepe maybe Chloe those crepes and
then we'll get out of there and head
home all right
[Music]
[Music]
make a flush
filming these of terms I know
[Music]
that one yeah it's cute okay couple more
things online that's it
is to okay so just go back to the mall I
picked up most of the big items and
getting four default so now I'm just
gonna order a couple of smaller things
to fill the stocking up so right now I'm
gonna order some work out like resistant
Dan's kind of a theme here right like I
got Lululemon workout gear then
resistance bands but it's what she
wanted and I think there's one or two
more things that I can get through
Amazon and then I think I got lucky me
[Music]
so here is an overview of everything I
have for Matt's stalking I have this
super cozy I guess this is like a
burgundy red color sweater from low lay
they actually gifted this format so I'm
gonna be adding that into his stocking I
picked it up from the website so it
should still be there it's super soft
and then I also got gifted this from
sage wellness this is right up Matt's
alley just take it out so he always buys
these like once from the drugstore their
inhalers and they're not good for you
they're just like menthol and stuff and
these actually have essential oils and
you just like twisties open and you can
just like kind of stick them in your
nose and inhale and it just kind of
clears her sinuses and he just I don't
he is addicted to these things and so I
think it's gonna be really really nice
that he's gonna have more of a natural
clean option to use I think he's gonna
really love this if you get stuffy or
anything you have a cold these are a
lifesaver and I don't know he's just
like obsessed with them so he's gonna
love that I got him this gorgeous you
guys saw this already but I got him this
gorgeous like kind of teal merino wool
sweater from Banana Republic it's so
soft and everything there was like 40%
off which was really cool the expensive
gift which basically mat needs clothes
if you can't tell and he needs a good
clothes because sometimes you just buy
stuff just like cheap and quick and easy
and because it's just not someone to
spend a lot of money on clothes but the
reality is you need stuff that's gonna
like last him and that's just really
good quality so I remember him
mentioning and I talked about this
already but he mentioned he knew that
Lululemon had dress pants and I think
he's gonna love these so these were a
little bit more I think how much were
they oh they covered the price probably
good they were a little bit more but
honestly anything I have from Lululemon
has lasted me years like they're just
like such good quality and then I have
the gym bag which I think he's gonna
love this color and then the only other
thing I'm gonna add to stocking is like
just some like beef jerky maybe
gum and just like I don't know some
other little treats and stuff
maybe like toothpaste I don't know just
like a couple of small things but these
are the main gifts and honestly I think
I did really well this is all stuff that
he needs and I know he's gonna really
like and it should all fit I think I got
all the right sizes but I have gift
receipts in case it doesn't fit but I
really think I did good this year I
think he's gonna love it
also I found these and forgot to mention
so these are just some like sweat wrist
arm bands and I think he'll like those
as well and then also for miss cashew
cuz cashew has her first stocking this
year I don't think I've shown any of
this I got this is a really cute doggy
towel from home cents I'd also got
weight this is from Marshalls I think I
also got this little turkey oh she might
run over if she hears that but little
turkey or chicken I also got this she
really loves playing tug of war so I got
this this is actually from Ellen's line
I don't even know she had a dog line so
we got that oh she's I hear her coming
and then she's gonna be so excited about
this guy I think we're gonna try to get
this guy on the health nut pup shop if
you didn't know we have an online
wellness and lifestyle dog online store
and this guy is a hedgehog and like when
you hit him oh wait hang on wait hit him
he makes this like weird noise and then
he also has a squeaker somewhere anyways
he's so cute and then I'm probably
probably gonna add some treats into her
stocking but she doesn't need that many
stuff she has a lot of toys but these
are just unique and she doesn't have a
toy that big this is actually really big
like that's the size of my hand so yeah
put some treats in there and then her
stocking will be done so she's gonna
have to wait to open these on Christmas
Day as well and I'm like so excited for
her to play with these hey there was not
even a treat okay is nothing smelly she
knows something's up this is your room
she heard a toy I'm sorry
I'm sorry you have to wait for Christmas
like everybody else okay so I look kind
of a mess I went to I just got back from
the gym also got my nails done with my
mom we this is like the next day and we
had a little bit of a mother-daughter
morning it was really nice she's off
today so we just did that although I
will say next time I got my nails done
I'm gonna ask it's like two people can
do this is such firstworldproblems I
understand but like if someone could be
doing my nails and something to be doing
my toes at the same time because I swear
it takes two hours to get your nails
done and I just don't have like patience
for that I don't know I know it's
supposed to be pampering but I get in
there and I just feel like so much time
has passed when I leave and I was like
so hangry when I left there today I was
like oh my god this is such a process
like people get their nails done every
two weeks and go there for two hours
like I can't even imagine doing that so
anyways maybe I'm just not the pampering
type but like I mean to our massage no
problem like just sitting there and you
can't really do anything like usually I
listen to a podcast but I was with my
mom and like we were chatting and stuff
but we were both kind of tired from the
body pump class that we went to and just
I don't know we were just like as long
as they were both getting hungry and
yeah anyways so yeah first of all
problems I get it but I'm really happy
it with my nails I go to the same girl
all the time and she like knows me now
she's so sweet
so thanks Tina for the awesome nails I
got my toes done same cherry red color I
got a shower like I said I'm still in
like gym clothes and I just kind of look
a mess um hopefully you didn't see my
hairy legs there even when she's doing
my toes I'm like uh I probably should
have shaved my legs don't even that
happens in the wintertime when no one
looks at your legs and all of a sudden
get your toes done you're like oh crap
probably should've shaved them they're
not too bad but like they're a little
little prickly so I don't know if Matt's
gonna do a final clip of everything he
got for me but I know I think he ordered
some stuff off Amazon so he might not so
you'll just probably see it like on
Christmas Day and stuff when we open it
but I hope you guys enjoy this video
hopefully gave you some ideas on what to
get for your significant other and I
don't know
I love stocking so obviously like Matt's
I got like a couple of bigger items that
probably aren't gonna fit in a stocking
I'm gonna wrap them up put some little
things in his stocking and I don't know
it's just like I love even though I'm
not I'm not like big on material items I
really do love the surprise Christmas
morning of like opening up something
that someone took time to pick out for
you so I don't know I'm just like
nostalgic that way I love it and I like
never want to stop getting stock cakes
even if I have to do them for myself I'm
gonna get stocking on Christmas morning
my Tia Chris actually does that she
makes stockings first off because she's
like I want to make sure they're good
right so I'm gonna do it myself so I
totally respect that if you guys are not
subscribed already to my channel you can
do so down below it's free for the month
of December as you know I'm doing
vlogmas so there's a video a new video
Monday to Friday every single week until
Christmas also we are doing giveaways
over on my Instagram and Cash's
Instagram so definitely check us out
links will be down below enter there's
some really awesome stuff that we're
giving away that you do not want to miss
out on so check that out and I will see
you guys in my next vlog cassia's
whining that girl I gave her a jar of
peanut butter and she looks at me and
whines cause it's not in the right
position I'm like what do you want from
me so I'm gonna go check on her I think
she needs a good run at the park also
realized I match the bedroom in here I
told you periwinkle is my color this
year and I don't know what my color is
gonna be in 2020 but I'm loving the blue
I'm gonna see you guys in the next vlog
happy vlogmas Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays all the things I'll see you
guys the next time bye
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
