[Music]
hey health nuts welcome back to my
channel I'm here with Mama health net my
mom her real name is Grace also Gigi if
you're talking to my niece or nephew she
has many names and I thought I would
bring my mom on the channel today
because it is Mother's Day coming up and
we did a video last year cuz it's two
years ago we did a it was like a healthy
junk food taste test yeah yeah we'll
link that one down below that was a lot
of fun we have some something may be
tastier that you'll like today yes so
what do we what are we eating today
we're having sushi yeah I asked my mom
what do you want to eat and she said
sushi so we are doing I don't know if
you guys seen these style of videos
before on the internet they are called
well I don't know the proper name but
like I'm calling this mukbang with mom
Chloe behind the cameras telling me it's
mukbang I don't know but mukbang with
mom sounds cooler I think have you
watched one of these videos on YouTube
no I just see lots of good food you know
yeah basically we ordered a lot of food
from a local sushi spot and some healthy
some not so healthy but we're whatever
it's you know live life enjoy some sushi
once in a while and we are basically
gonna be doing like a I'm just gonna be
asking you questions I had I have a
bunch of questions for you while we
while we're eating and chatting and
hanging out I basically asked you guys
on Instagram to send through questions
that I should ask mama HealthNet that
you guys might want to know and funny
enough Chloe and I were just gonna grab
like generic questions online of like
what to ask your mom like for a Q&A
video and instead we asked you guys you
guys have some really good questions so
and I'm really curious to know your
answers to so let's dig in and we'll get
chatting alright so when we got your
your chocolate I have some plates here
so there you go obviously this is way
too much food for us but like this is
what you have to do and the mukbang or
baying style but during Khloe's here
Matt's gonna have this for dinner when
he gets home soon and we have lots of
Familia here to help us to eat this so
alright list again and then I want your
mouth full what a mess alright so this I
think is the chicken fried rice what's
that one I think Chloe told us to order
that one oh it's uh oh is that's color
palette No
Galip yeah oh that's good it's like
seafood chicken nuggets by the way I'm
wearing the worst sleeves for for this
video to me all the food
this is a good one how do you feel about
your daughter sharing her life on the
internet you can thinking about for a
second I'll ask you again
I'll have to think about that one yeah
[Music]
you can have a choice or you can say
what everyone no I mean you're gonna do
what you're gonna do right like what
what did you think when I first was like
I think there's another question here
about when I said I isn't that spicy
mayo oh the dressings that went wrong I
would grab it but at my sleeves so I
when I first said like hey mom I'm gonna
do YouTube and vlog and share my life
online like what did you think like be
honest you can well I think it was about
I don't think I was quite sure what it
entailed of everything I thought you
know just you have to share you know a
lot of your life but I think it's been
positive for you mm-hmm
I guess it's hard to state cause like
talk to say yeah because that when you
when you told me you were gonna do that
you don't remember your initial thought
were you like Holly say doing something
she likes it's a hobby she's enjoying it
you know I really didn't really think
too much of it no but she didn't really
have much to counsel
no well no why you know skeletons in the
closet or Oh this next question what
Portuguese dish does your mom like to
cook the most anything with vegetables
I like making like roast chicken
Portuguese doubt or pasta we make it
there's not like a no not really no
there's not one particular worry about
something that before makes that you
really like um what's a really good cook
so anything that she makes is pretty
well good just not a real favorite
nothing about dish name a dish name uh
well there was no it's it's not like
it's a roast chicken it's not a dish
name right I would say though like
there's lots of stuff that she makes so
that has names that people wouldn't know
what it okay cuz they call the beer the
suit that's always good or roasted
chicken with potatoes and in salads
that's good she makes good desserts
mm-hmm
what are those things that are called
like the big crepe doughnuts
Oh bullish these they yeah those are
good she makes us every time she comes
to visit
okay this role here Chloe what's this
one called gold so it's a deep-fried one
I've never had a deep-fried roll
Oh mom try that which one this one good
middle good luck don't Wow
you can do it yeah well grab a roll
carpet roll close-up I'm just looking at
which one she's gonna go first with it
oh oh that's gonna go everywhere turn it
oh I really like this one
what did you wish you knew about health
when you were younger I wish that I knew
that huge makes a big difference
I'm food choices going up I mean you
know my mom cooked everything from
scratch
you know I guess me healthy but at the
same time
there was a lot of snack food around you
know Cap'n Crunch cereal doughnuts you
know all that good stuff and and I think
some of my health issues that I had
growing up were probably related to some
of that type of food even though we were
eating healthy you know I dinnertime but
some of the snack food and stuff like
that I didn't realize I know you mean
though like it I don't feel like it
wasn't until like really recent not
recently recently but in the last like
maybe ten years that they've really kind
of started to educate people like hey
the food you're eating affects your mood
and how you feel and your mental health
and all that I feel like that wasn't a
parent it was more like oh eating
healthy will make you thin it was more
an aesthetic thing and I feel like now
it's more of a state of mind
yeah you know even though I mean years
ago I'd be more more conscious of what I
ate mm-hmm I guess when I was in my 20s
something kind of clicked I was a little
bit more aware I wasn't perfect I was
still you know I mean I would still you
know buy
certain snacks for these guys like to
take to school that maybe today I would
have chosen differently you know but the
basics you know I mean I was making
smoothies yeah you worry you'd make em I
do milkshakes I I just didn't put
vegetables it was like it'd be like a
fruit smoothie yeah yeah I put bananas
and strawberries and wheat germ I
remember yeah mm-hmm but because I
didn't wasn't you know familiar with a
lot of these other additives that we
could add there was no like Spurling a
powder and hurt well good no there was
ham parts no there wasn't or or to where
it was like you know like did you hear
about things like chia seeds and elack's
and flax no flex I used flax for a long
time yeah but chia seeds and hemp hearts
I wasn't aware of what that was they
were you know and even if you did
they're probably really expensive
because they were like you'd have to
order them up but I was also leery in
what you would put in like if I wasn't
familiar with something I wouldn't use
it just because someone said oh this is
you're not like experimenting on kind of
our family I remember when you first
ordered or like cooked for dinner it was
like tofu dogs and I mentioned this the
other day and you couldn't really
remember I remember
but like veggie dogs have come a long
way they were like white and I remember
you order them and oh sorry you bought
them and you cook them up and you
basically like we all took a bite spat
it out right away and then you're like
okay no one has to eat it cuz it was so
bad I don't remember that but I know
what I gotta do is a couple of times I
would say if I was doing it Chile I
would just mash a couple like I'd still
use the meat yeah that I put a little
bit like crushed tofu in with it I
remember it cuz I feel like is this
chicken or tofu you like oh if I was
it's chicken yeah but if I was doing a
stirfry I would you know he kept chicken
in there and then I put a couple of
little bits of tofu in it yeah
yeah nothing nothing got by us well it
got to the point where and that was
cooking you'd be around you sure
patrolling like what's going on there
what's going in there I'm gonna take get
my knees I got some spicy salmon cuz I
know Matt likes that this is favorite
one so I hope you happy to come under
that do you ever use the wasabi
[Music]
by the way I totally forgot to tell you
guys what we ordered so we have some
avocado salad in the front so good it's
like the right post Advocaat oh we have
the scallops
we're got an assortment of rolls we have
sweet potatoes spicy salmon the golden
California green dragon with like
avocado on top tuna rolls
avocado rolls and is that all the rolls
and then we got mixed tempura with like
vegetables and shrimp we got seaweed
salad edamame
bios's chicken fried rice and then you
know soup what's your favorite thing so
far that was really good I was really
impressed
ah sweet potato mmm your shrimp on top -
oh it's a game
[Music]
right
sober oh can you see my tummy cuz oh you
have the shrimp oh that one's shrimp
tempura number had shrimp tempura mm-hmm
probably just in the rules hardly what I
didn't this this is best video to come
and just sit him maybe in there in the
freezer section
oh did Nicole enjoy eating her greens
when she was little
no no I did it what what are like some
greens that I didn't like really I
remember liking Brussels sprouts and
beets and things yeah I don't know bacon
in it but there were things like I
remember I would I would love beets and
Brussels sprouts and I remember another
and none of my friends liked it I I
think I liked how you did you do the
beets like steamed and like a
vinaigrette in it Dijon it was really
good but I didn't like kale or spinach
or anything no things have changed
I remember hating that we'd always have
to you'd always make homemade dressing
and all my friends had like the yummy
Kraft dressing like I want creamy
cucumber and ranch and I we had like oil
and vinegar and plus some I don't know
like I think like we never thought of
using kale in the salad you'd steam it
or you can coorporate it and you know
dish but not salad did you ever put it
in soups yeah I put it in soups all the
time yeah that's super collard greens
mm-hmm but I would just never thought of
having it raw I didn't a smoothie what a
great idea
Oh
I got a good one but there's some good
ones do you love our new dog catcher oh
yeah
are you a dog person no but yet none of
know one I'm like my mom's side is are
like big pet people who's interesting
yeah because like I forced you almost
had two cats growing up but like I knew
when we got cashew like cashew would
have to be like a certain type of dog
that was gonna be calm when she got
older she's gonna be a big dog and also
like we know we have to train her cuz
like you know I don't just like animals
I just know having a pet it's a lot of
work and a lot of responsibility and I
just didn't want that I didn't not have
four kids I think so here you go Chloe
can you pass me avocados salad I can't
make sure I'll get it
this have a Cobb salad is that bad if
this makes me like iceberg again all
right why does iceberg get all the hate
yeah it's so crunchy
then we graduate it the Boston and then
kale this the golden rolls so good notes
in your mouth
if you need to think about this one for
about them come but huh can you tell
everyone an embarrassing story about me
what an embarrassing childhood story
about me oh yeah yeah sure you don't
wanna think about it no not this was
stuck in my head we went to a birthday
party you were like I don't know to two
or three and you got sick like throw up
diarrhea throw up diarrhea I had to take
you upstairs into lady's house and give
you a bath that's how bad it was it was
a birthday party was a birthday parties
I you were like two or three and the
little girl was about the same age we
didn't know each other you just happened
to ice too you know it was one of my
co-workers and there was a little girl
was the same age as you and I guess you
got sick I don't know there's just like
explosion you're like can I use your
bathroom gamer Tom bath
did you have extra clothes no you
hatching 401 no well thought oh you're
like I didn't know you're gonna have
explosive diarrhea at a birthday party
yeah how's the salmon didn't you say one
time I remember like having mushroom
cuts as I as a child and didn't you say
like I cut my own hair oh yeah yeah
while babysitting you and she's cooking
or doing something in the kitchen and
you're sitting on the floor and you've
got your head away from her and she
thought you were playing you had
McDonald's scissors and you just they
were McDonald there was a really cut oh
my god literally it was oh my god yeah I
had one of the the mushroom I guess it
turned and that was that that was that's
a good part okay
I think so someone's asking do I
influence the way you eat or do you feel
like you still follow the diet rules
that you were raised on
oh I don't follow the diet rules like
has any and ain't no like so my mom does
a lot of her own research too when it
comes to like health and food like she's
always telling me like even even like
stuff like on meditation and like
spirituality and stuff like my mom was
always like listening to podcasts or
reading books about it and stuff so
sometimes she's educating me but is
there anything that you think that like
you do now because I influenced you yeah
yeah I kind of watch you know what's
like I'm one too okay I'll read about it
and then to incorporate it into my life
I'm not always as good as doing that and
I find you know you're what you're what
you're doing what you're researching
that's how you're living your life so I
think I'm learning to take some of that
knowledge that I know and that I want to
do and you know bring it into my own
life and my own way of eating and
cooking and it's hard when you've been
doing certain things a certain way you
know to do the flip and change yeah so
yeah it definitely you've been
influencing me and you're always coming
out with good ideas and recipes do you
feel like you drink more smoothies
because of me oh yeah yeah yeah although
like I feel like you've always done I
know you Shh
I remember you'd put like the greens
powder like the genuine health powder in
that's right the Greens the green at
Plusle yeah what are the biggest
differences between living in Canada and
Portugal I I know I know you were only
little like up until 4:00 in Portugal
but you've been back there and so what
would you say the main difference is
from there and here
hmm culturally food way of living it's
strange because when I was little and I
used to go I'd see more of a gap on how
but now with time I see it there's no
differences you know when I was going
back a lot of the women there were
stay-at-home moms just like here a lot
of you know women back in Mott when I
was little they were stay-at-home moms
now everybody works you know and there
too so like it's different it's more
social like there's more social you know
like just two-hour lunches I mean guess
we're doing that right now do you feel
like it's it's similar because people
maybe people are more like connected
like online yeah just more connection so
I think globally actually you know you
have your little customs and a little
bit differences but we're more the same
than we are different that's a closed
from mama HealthNet when we're the same
we all want the same things whether
you're same same different scenery
different food and and it's kind of nice
though because you get to try each one
you know your food your customs there's
good things about pretty well about each
one and it's nice to take off you know
take what you like yeah thing yeah you
can take some things from Portugal and
bring it here and vice versa kind of
hanging but like I said I've I find
there's not much of a difference I mean
climate is obviously there's the climate
issue it's different the history you
know there's more history if you're a
fan of that you know but day-to-day
living it's pretty well this thing
because you know
all right Chloe left a question which
child was the easiest growing up maybe
out of the the girls cuz like Brandon
was just like he was easy yeah I press a
piece of cake order the girls the
easiest one
I think easy yes not favorite she was
the easiest I think Pam was who's your
favorite go oh she's like what well
someone had asked like was it difficult
like was I attribute called Nikki yeah I
was a spirited child right that's what
they call like bad kids day spirited to
a different tune I was a handful all my
babysitter's to this day are like oh oh
I remember you they're like oh I think
you're so cute but I remember you nice
way what did you envision that I would
do career-wise growing up like what
because I know do you remember what I
wanted to be growing up oh yes because I
still give you fashions as a fashion
designer was that yeah yeah I used to
sketch like like sketch up like on I
would draw a model and I would sketch
all these different outfits and stuff
and I wanted to be a fashion designer so
bad one day then she wanted to be a
dentist and she wants I want to be a
dentist every week with something else
so it's not like I didn't realize that
fashion designer was you know something
that you really wanted to do because you
know especially when you know a girl is
13 14 in every week is something else so
I didn't take it seriously
but what did you think I would end up
doing probably something in marketing
yeah you were good with people so I
thought you know something in marketing
but I remember when she was choosing her
courses you know when she told me how
she wanted go into fashions and I'm like
oh I didn't encourage that and there's
nothing wrong with that it's just um you
know it's really hard to try to make a
career
you know very few people fail at it it
can make a living off of it and I think
you wanted something safe like yeah you
wanted like a bona business and you'll
get money you didn't want to bed why
don't you take a good business course
and you looked at me like I had two
heads and then fast forward at you know
four years later she's taking a business
course now I'm doing YouTube and then
she's doing yeah there's been my own
corporate ROH world and higher higher
your children
she ain't beaten - no one else is drunk
I knew I knew early on that I like
didn't I'm a hard worker but I don't
really like to follow everyone else's
rules like be under someone so I knew
that I want to like be the boss but like
run my own business I guess right yeah
would you feel like social media keeps
us more connected because you can see
what I'm doing you're doing yeah no no
no she still calls me every day though I
call every day Matt's like you talk to
your mom more than like anybody every
day wait oh you're a little bit older
and you're older
could you have one syllable answers what
are you doing he's watching that what
are you doing later going Jevons she
wants an intellectual conversation flow
that's why I'm here for
I just talk about cash I love that one
syllable answers Brandon I know Brandon
is like to get anything out of Brandon
is like oh did you eat the other know
the true mantra both of them mom might
be like why not agree more um a few
people are asking what you thought if
not when you first met him oh he was a
nice guy he's a very nice guy very
personal and like when I first was like
oh I'm dating this guy Matt and he's
like six years older than me what were
your thoughts I liked him
because I think I knew Matt I wasn't
like well I think he knew cuz like Matt
used to be like Matt knew my older
sister Pam and her group of friends cuz
they're like in the same through the
same age so you'll probably heard of not
yeah yeah but I haven't met him but when
I didn't meet him he's very nice it was
funny growing up like did it make a
difference what my thoughts were I mean
maybe not at the point at that time but
like there was a point when I was in
college that if I was say going on a
trip or going somewhere for the weekend
my mom would be like oh is is Matt going
and if Matt was going she's like she
knew I was okay yeah have fun be safe
like it was no problem it was going by
my house she's like oh my god okay tell
me where you gonna be I have your phone
on call me when you get there like if
Matt was with me I was safe in your mind
yeah that's cashew in the background
she's done her bone okay do you use all
the health nut shop products
not all of them but a few of them yes
yeah so what's like your favorite thing
that we sell on the health nut shop
right now I think the bento boxes
Brandon loves those too my brother meal
prep is like every week and yeah they're
nice they're not plastic you know my
mom's always like oh I need one of those
things
fronting when you're just when we come
over next bring one of those things that
you have downstairs because we the
health nut shops like in downstairs so
it's it's just a couple steps away if
it's handy um okay let's pick one more
okay wow that's good easy one what is my
favorite recipe what is your favorite
recipe that I've made for you oh yeah
that was from the cookbook that was my
there's a lot of recipes I make that
aren't on the channel yet like
something's on my channel about the kale
salad that's good the kale salad oh the
Apple bacon kale salad that Chloe claims
is hers like Lauren will be like Oh
Chloe salad oh my god and there was also
no Lola that was really nice thing oh
granola bars for the granola but I
really liked that you liked my did you
try make carrot cake I stir not yet no
oh yes yes I oh my fat piece of the cake
dad that was really good yeah there's
too many things I know new recipes every
single week subscribe okay we're gonna
finish it off with what is your advice
you'd give to me in my going into my 30s
so I just turned 30 last year oh yes
your thirties oh well you've been doing
pretty good oh I take a lot of your
advice yeah well you know what just
you know if you're planning on having
children better get at it and just yeah
just do what you love to do and you know
carry on one of my favorite quotes that
my mom would taught me when I was
younger it's it was I it's not about how
much money you make it's about what you
do with that money
and I still use that and think about
that to this day yeah so yeah that's a
good good lesson yeah all right so that
is it for today's video we're gonna
continue to keep munching on all this
delicious food as well as Chloe Matt
will have some too will share with them
I guess but thanks so much for joining
me in this video and hopefully you guys
enjoyed it thank you so much for all of
your lovely questions it was interesting
to hear your your answers to them and if
you guys aren't already subscribed you
can hit that red subscribe button down
below I post on this channel every
Monday Wednesday and Friday I should
have asked you my posting schedule to
see me if you knew what and if you guys
want to see more of my amazing a
beautiful at mama health net be sure to
follow me on Instagram
I post on Instagram stories every single
day usually she's on there we live
closer now so she's definitely on there
more often
she's also sometimes on YouTube videos
like this one also before I forget a
happy Mother's Day I'm not sure exactly
when this video is gonna air I think
it's gonna air just before Mother's Day
I said be sure to give your mom lots of
love on her special day and I have
something really cute you like I got a
little special yeah so thank you so much
for watching guys we'll see you in the
next one and have a fabulous day
[Music]
