[Music]
hey get the camera on a face mom
[Music]
welcome back to another episode of Nick
and Matt
hey health nuts welcome back to today's
vlog I'm so excited for today's theme
we're talking all about fitness I've
been getting a lot of questions about my
fitness routine wire workout
what types of workouts I do so I thought
today's vlog can be all about that and
this conversation really came about
after I posted this post on Instagram
about whether or not if skinny equals
healthy after someone left a comment on
one of my youtube videos about them
being surprised that I'm not skinnier
for someone who eats fairly healthy most
of the time so and we'll talk about that
more later in the vlog cuz I think it's
an important discussion to have but I'm
really excited for today's sponsor
Lululemon is collaborating with me in
sponsoring today's video I honestly love
Lululemon they're one of my favorite
Canadian companies 90% of my active wear
is from Lululemon and yes I know it's a
little bit pricier but honestly it lasts
forever like I have Lululemon stuff from
like when I was in college and some of
it was like hand-me-downs from my friend
Tara that like used to work at Lululemon
and I still have those pieces today and
they just wash really well they wear
really well like when you're at the gym
or in yoga or something or running you
don't have to worry about things
slipping and sliding around like if
you're all sweaty getting your dog
downward dog on you don't have to worry
about things moving and I really like
that because there's nothing more
annoying than like having to adjust
yourself in a workout class when you're
just trying to focus on working out so
I'm gonna be sharing some of their run
collection with you guys I picked up
stuff for me as well as mr. Matt he's
actually on a trip right now I so I just
picked up some stuff for him so I will
show you guys what they look like on I
hope he really likes the pants I got him
now that we have a dog so my arms
getting tired
oh speaking of working up already
working out my arms um yeah now that we
have a little puppy
we definitely need stuff for outside
where I'm outside more a more active
alrighty and she definitely keeps you on
your toes so I want to get him some like
jogger pants that he can use for outside
and even though like all this stuff is
from the run collection to be honest I'm
not the biggest runner I used to be Matt
and I fun fact actually when we met one
of the things we did together was we
joined a running club and I really miss
it something I want to get back into I
kind of stopped doing it when my anxiety
kind of got was we're at a really bad
state that's like stage in my life and
for some reason like running was just
something that agitated it and even
though like exercising really does help
reduce anxiety and stress for me I had
it in my head that if I ran I feel out
of breath and then I would maybe bring
on a panic attack so I've been slowly
working at you know meditation doing
other things to kind of help heal my
anxiety and I've been doing like kind of
like jogging more treadmill stuff more
cardio and I can already feel my body
getting stronger and now that my anxiety
is like at a much better state I feel
like I'm healthier to incorporate more
running into my life and some people
it's a complete opposite they're they're
like that's how I get rid of my anxiety
I go for like a really hard intense run
and that's how they kind of get back to
their calm state so I yeah that's
something I want to get back into
especially now that we have cashew she
loves to run I she can't run very far
and for very long but I love that these
pieces are gonna be really durable for
when I am outside with her so yeah I
thought I would just share with you guys
what are some pre and post-workout meals
I like I'm gonna take you guys to the
gym with me today my mom's gonna come
and watch cashew for a little bit and I
just like a mixture of like different
types of workouts so I'm gonna talk
about that more later and let's go make
a smoothie I've already been outside
with cashew and I'm wearing these black
pants let me get the tag actually so the
pants that I've been wearing are the
pace rebel cropped 22 I will link all of
the pieces that I'm mentioning in
today's video down below if you guys
want to shop them honestly loving these
pants alrighty and I love that they're
black because cash you can like jump up
on me or I can get down on the ground
with her and I'm not worried about it
looking like I have like mud all over me
because it's kind of rainy outside
so but I have a really cute outfit I'm
gonna wear to the gym so stay tuned but
let's go make some breakfast I'll show
you guys the smoothie that I love to
make before a workout right so let's
make a smoothie Sun is kind of starting
to come out it's a very good day so I
have my blender by the way I changed
this is the tank top I was wearing
earlier and then I just threw on this
like loose kind of lilac periwinkle blue
I'll loose tank over top and then I have
these really cool magenta pants what are
these ones these are called the fast and
free HR type 25 inch in case you're
wondering I think that they're very
stretchy and they're so comfortable and
I like how they kind of go up a little
higher so and they got a little where is
it there's a little pocket back here
somewhere there it is
I love Lululemon's like sneaky hidden
pockets and I feel very Easter ash right
now but uh this is what I'm gonna wear
for my workout today so I just thought I
would layer because sometimes I get cold
when I'm starting my workout and then I
can just like easily take things off as
I get hot so for our smoothie I really
like to make a green smoothie I'll just
make sure to add some extra protein
powder and stuff in it so it keeps me
full and the trick is to eat it or drink
it in this case a good like 45 minutes
to an hour before you're going to
workout so it's not just sitting in your
stomach
I personally can't like eat a big meal
and then workout right away so I think
it's really important to give your body
a time to digest the food before you go
work out cashew is passed out sleeping
again
honestly that girl sleeps so much it's
just like a teenager right now she went
from puppy stage to teenager stage in
the matter of the week and just like on
a peanut butter cake lately
then you want to make sure you're adding
some kind of fiber so I got some ground
flax I'm gonna add in some hemp Earth's
super high in protein omegas fiber
they're brilliant for you hey then
another thing that's really high in
protein that you may not know is spur
Lena it's I think I'm the highest
plant-based protein powders it's or
powders foods
it's a blue-green algae so I'm just
gonna put a little bit in there it's
gonna make your smoothie really green
but it's also really good for you so
that's kind of like my secret weapon and
then just because it's like we're in
between season and stout I feel like my
immune system it's been compromised
right now with my lack of sleep from a
new puppy I've been adding in camu camu
berry powder which is super high vitamin
C so basically I've said this before but
that's good I've said this before but
basically I treat my green smoothie like
it's a multivitamin in an in a blend in
that smoothie I guess so you know I
still take vitamins but mostly I try to
get my nutrients from the food I eat and
I just feel like smoothies are so quick
to put together if I'm not filming it
this literally takes me like five
minutes to put together so there really
is no excuse so I have some frozen
banana I just like to freeze them in one
of these large silicone bags we sell
these on the health nut shop by the way
little plug there I use them for
everything so this is about the amount
of banana I will put into smoothie this
is just for me cuz mr. Matt isn't here
I know because I like a chilly smoothie
I just feel like yeah I don't know and
it kind of replaces having to add too
much just frozen fruit all right then
I'm adding in some cinnamon and then get
yourself a good plant-based protein
powder I personally find I do better
if plant-based protein powder even
though I'm not plant-based I just feel
like I digest it better and they're like
a little bit of cleaner ingredients so
I'm gonna add in a full scoop so I'm
gonna add in some milk milk
and a lot of people ask me how much
smoothie do I have for breakfast so I
actually just measured here in my
blender and it was about 30 ounces so
that's how big this this mason jar must
be a 32 ounce mason jar and that's what
I'll have one big glass of smoothie for
breakfast and before a workout look at
this little bugger sleeping choice just
like opens her eyes a little bit to see
what I'm doing
hi honey hi oh look at that paw Hey get
the camera out of my face mom get out of
my face
Hey Hey fell asleep with your harness on
that's okay
you gonna come to Jim - no you're just
gonna lay around here this is gonna days
around here okay fine get your vest
it's your risk go sleep go sleep so I
figured we can just chat while I drink
my breakfast and I wait for my mom to
come to babysit cashew who's starting to
wake up of course as soon as I sat down
to film thank gosh so I asked you guys
on Instagram if you had any fitness
related questions that you wanted me to
ask and actually one of them applies to
something I was going to talk about
anyways and it's how do you stay
energized and fueled for a morning
workout when you can't have caffeine so
if you guys if you guys don't know I
don't drink coffee or any caffeine at
all so for me in order for me to feel
like energized and fuel to workout I
have to have a good sleep it's but a bit
of a struggle lately with the pup but
getting eight hours of sleep is so
important and for me I like to work out
earlier in the day and even if I do an
evening workout I'll try to do it before
7:00 so I can give myself time to wind
down and get ready for bed I personally
find if I work out too late in the night
that I'm just like a little bit more
wired before bed and I like I also like
to work out during the day because it
kind of uses up like excess energy so
that you are tired when
you are going to bed at night you're not
just laying there thinking about all
these ideas I see yeah good eight hours
of sleep any ideas or tips for home
workouts I'm not bothered to spend money
on a gym pass so I get it like working
out at a gym isn't for everybody and for
me I I personally I'm more motivated
when I go to the gym I'm around people
that are working out I'm in the
environment and atmosphere for it but I
recently actually started to I signed up
to this online yoga website I like just
trying it out you'll probably see it in
an upcoming video but basically there's
tons of websites out there that you can
get access to new workout videos every
single week there's also YouTube you can
find so many free workouts on there and
now that we do have a pup and I can't
just like leave whenever I want because
she's still little
please don't pee on the floor hey come
here
um it's for me having those options is
really convenient right now if I just
want to do like a quick yoga workout at
home or something
um that's been really great as well so
you don't have to spend money to go to
the gym especially like now that we're
getting into the warmer weather you know
I just look up like bodyweight workouts
and those are amazing go for a walk
walking is so underrated good meals too
to break your morning fast so smoothies
oatmeal are usually my go-to s before
working out if I'm waking up really
early to go to the gym like have a like
a 7:30 a.m. workout class then I will
just have a banana and like a handful of
walnuts or cashews just getting it I
don't I don't eat the cashew this any
more I will have a handful of walnuts or
almonds I'm just some like carbohydrates
and protein and healthy fats just to
fuel my brain so I could function and
power through a workout but and then
afterwards I'll come back and have like
a proper second breakfast what exercises
made the most impact on your body when
you had when you had a personal trainer
so what I find works the best for me in
terms of types of workouts is including
weights ladies you will not get all
these huge unwanted muscle
just because you use weights people who
are who trained to look like that like
that's literally their full-time job is
lifting weights and doing everything
they can to body build and look like
that you will not just accidentally look
wake up and look like Arnold you know so
don't be scared of that weights are your
friend they help you burn more fat they
help you tone and give you more like
definition because the muscle and I just
love weights so highly recommend that so
how do you find that initial motivation
to start a workout routine I get it it's
hard when you're starting it off in the
beginning for me when I take breaks from
working out and then I have to get back
into it and I wasn't have to but I want
to get back into it it's a bit of a
struggle and it's definitely one of
those things you just have to push
yourself to do it the first few times
even if you're like really don't want to
go with a friend having workout ready to
go that you broke down whether you got
it from online or wherever go to a class
that's my biggest thing is just go to a
workout class because you don't have to
think about it you go there for an hour
or however long the class is and you
just follow along and you just do it you
just turn off your brain don't like that
emotional side talk you out of it
just go and do it and honestly like
that's how I get into it and then once
you start doing those classes you'll be
more likely to just do your own workout
sometimes and mix it up but it's like
anything once you start doing it you
brought you will crave it and you'll
know what you're doing is like good for
you how to lose stubborn belly fat I
don't I know diet is so important but I
don't want but I don't know what to eat
so I'm not a professional so I never
want to give dance a leader I'm not a
professional so I never want to give
diet advice or weight loss advice really
I just think if you're you know looking
to if you're struggling with what to eat
and stuff like maybe go see a
nutritionist or a natural path or a
trainer go see a professional awesome
you know to look at to Assessor diet
writing things down having a food
journal is really good just to kind of
see what it is you're eating maybe you
think I'm eating really clean
and healthy and then you're realizing
hmm you know I'm snacking a lot after
dinner and then I'm not really moving
much I'm just kind of on the couch
watching Netflix like that could be that
could be an area that maybe you want to
change
that's something Matt and I have really
been trying to adjust is like not having
too many late-night munchies and then
also just including the least amount of
processed foods as you can so when you
eat things like an apple or a romaine
lettuce or kale things that don't have
an ingredient list your body is able to
recognize that a lot more than say like
a bag of even if it's like something
healthy but it's in a package and
there's ingredients you know you're
still a processed food so I would say
just go back to the basics when it comes
to nutrition eat salads eat a variety of
nuts seeds beans fish chicken uh you
know and just try to like limit your
your salts your sugars and your oils and
all those like things that are usually
in a lot of processed foods but I think
those are just some like good things
that you can start with and just listen
to your body so anyways how I see
motivated to work out so the main thing
is is I'm motivated because of how
working out makes me feel when I work
out I my stress and anxiety levels are
dramatically decreased it's insane and
the more I do it the more I notice the
way I feel mentally physically
emotionally and I think when you start
to really notice those impacts in your
life that's what motivates you it takes
a bit to get there but once you see
those changes and notice it in your body
you just like realize how good you can
feel and you want to keep that up so for
me everyone has their own reason to why
they work out you know and some people
it's like they want to lose the baby
weight some people they're trying to get
their body bikini ready for a trip
that's coming up but for me my main goal
is my mental health I want to be feel
grounded mentally healthy and calm and
peaceful and happy and I find exercising
gives me that so for me I don't
necessarily have like a physique goal I
just have a mental goal I guess
in terms of types of workouts I
personally love to do a variety so I
love cardio weight training yoga Pilates
has been really fun I also like sports
that that our act
I guess all sports are active but like
things like rock climbing or even I've
done a couple times like stand-up
paddleboarding are so much fun and
you're working out and it doesn't even
feel like it so uh you know you don't
have to pick one thing you can do a
variety of things things that are fun
and interesting bring a friend along get
your partner involved and just make it
interesting and fun and it doesn't have
to be like always at the gym especially
now that the warmer brothers here like
just get outside go grab a bike get get
yourself some rollerblades like switch
it up so you don't get bored and that
also helps motivate me I find them so
I'm gonna finish drinking this and I'm
gonna go to the gym and then when we
come back I'll show you guys some
post-workout snacks that I love to have
after a workout just to kind of I'm
usually pretty hungry after a workout so
I'll show you guys that when I get back
cashy Kesh you crazy dog take cash you
up for a little another way I get
exercise nowadays is taking this little
girl out come here if she stopped biting
holy Sh if she stopped biting her leash
okay let's go look at this little suck
who gets carried everywhere put on my
boots because it's pretty muddy outside
[Music]
Hey good
[Applause]
this is how cashew gets her exercise
it's so muddy out all that rain we've
been having huh you wanna play ball Oh
what's this okay I have to get her
running around she just sleeps all day
cashew yes you like look how many of
this look okay nothing
[Applause]
[Music]
you're crazy you're crazy
[Music]
that's the better it was gonna be dead
just finished my workout was really good
so turns out I wasn't I was just gonna
do my own workout but when I got into
the studio the girls they were doing a
virtual body pump class so I did it with
them it was half an hour and then I just
did some of my own like stretching I
love it a cardio on the treadmill but my
battery's about to die so I didn't get
to film that part no matter breath some
go home I'm hungry if we're gonna make a
post-work this video about working out
or cashew huh I like eating cashews okay
so her post-workout snacks
usually I like to have I'll just sweet
or savory a good video of mine to refer
to is my three ingredient snacks I'll
link that down below I share a bunch of
really quick and easy snacks and really
like as long as I have a mix of some fat
or protein with some carbs that usually
will like satiate me so I write down a
couple examples apples and peanut butter
sometimes will sprinkle on some cinnamon
rice rice cakes I will put hummus on
them or peanut butter on them if I'm
doing peanut butter you can put like
strawberries or banana and even put like
chia seeds on top if you're doing savory
you could do hummus with cherry tomatoes
or avocado on top of nutritional yeast
that's really good dates with stuff with
peanut butter and put like a walnut
inside that's really yummy
or even just like something as simple as
boiled eggs with a little salt and
pepper that's really good too I'm kind
of feeling like why don't I do like a
savory hmm
rice cakes okay so I have some of these
buckwheat rice cakes Matt's been really
into these two they're just like a nice
light snack and I'm just a bathing if I
want a sweet one you know I had the
sweet smoothie I'll do it I'll do savory
so I'll usually have like uh not two or
three to them I'm just gonna make two
right now this hummus is so good by the
way it's my presents choice it has
olives in it I love tomatoes on the vine
they're so sweet
I think cuz they have like more time to
rise in or something I don't know
they're so good
[Music]
black sesame seeds and there you have it
a little post-workout snack mmm I'm
gonna go to go to for a walk because
she's whining no no for what hey gosh
one go for a walk
you need your exercise time I've been
sleeping all day all right so I just got
back from taking cashew out on a like
hour walk well we buy walk I mean we
walked out front for a little bit and
then I took her in the backyard for a
little bit while she just ran around a
bit and ate everything it was lovely
and I'm out of breath that was like a
workout in itself but I want to share
with you guys the other stuff that I
picked up from Lululemon I'm gonna have
to Matt gets back from his trip tomorrow
so I'll get him to take a just some
b-roll shots of us both wearing the
different outfits so you can see like a
proper shot of the how they fit and how
they look you miss me already why are
you crying I'm just playing with you for
an hour I so show you guys what I got
and yeah I'm really excited we've got
some really cute stuff I mean I'm
wearing most of it I'm wearing four
things right now and I'm getting a
little warm because we got sweaty
outside
[Music]
I think my brother's coming over shortly
to help out with health nut shop staff
we have a ton of orders to pack up the
bento boxes also just came in because we
were out of stock for a while so we got
a huge shipment of those so if you guys
have been waiting for a bento you guys
you may want to know that they're in
I'll link those down below for dinner I
feel like I might make a broccoli soup I
have like leftover broccoli stalks that
I saved and I might just make that into
a soup and yeah I don't really know
maybe I'll wait to make that tomorrow
Matt's here I wanna see but I'm probably
gonna just do a little bit of work we
launched the carrot cake video today so
I'm gonna reply to a bunch of comments
since I haven't done that yet and I
usually like to reply to your comments
on the same day if I can so I'm gonna go
do that and drink some water because I'm
pretty thirsty hydration is key guys all
right just finish replying to a ton of
comments drinking lots of water from my
health nut water bottle cashews chewing
on something Brandon just got here we're
gonna go unbox some orders shipments
that we just got in to pack up some
orders but I want to talk to you guys
about that Instagram post that I
mentioned earlier
meda breath so basically a few weeks ago
I posted this Instagram post I'll link
it down below
and I was talking about the perception
that being skinny automatically means
that you're healthy because you know
that's just kind of something that's
been ingrained into our minds and what I
talk about here I'll even read like a
line from thee so here I say healthy is
a feeling a state of mind not a waste
measurement calorie intake or number on
the scale and you know I've been I've
been guilty of this too you know you see
someone working out like crazy on
Instagram or something and you're like
oh like I'm kind of I'm kind of
surprised like they're not like they
don't have like a six-pack or something
and it's there are things that go
through your mind and I think that's
fine but the issue not that it's fine
but it's just something what we've been
kind of brought in not to think that if
someone works out all the time or eats
really healthy that they should
automatically be a really fit person on
the outside visually and aesthetically
but the truth is is that you know we
have to remember there's other factors
that come into play and who's to say
that being like a stick figure is what
someone else is trying to achieve maybe
they want to be a little bit more filled
out and muscular maybe they don't want a
six-pack I don't want a six-pack I'd
like a flat tummy I don't want to feel
bloated and stuff I want to feel healthy
and have good digestion have clear skin
but I don't want a six-pack as too much
commitment I love food way too much and
you know when you see people doing
fitness competitions and stuff half the
time they're eating a certain way and
not even drinking enough water to have
that look and it's just not sustainable
most of them will say yeah that was like
to prep for like one or two days like
there's no way I'd be able to sustain
that so just remember that when you're
you know you're seeing someone working
out or you're comparing yourself to
other people healthy looks different in
so many ways it doesn't have a shape or
size or a number you know it's like I
said it's a it's it's a feeling it's a
state of mind and for me like I said
when I feel my healthiest is when I'm
mentally I'm clear and healthy and I'm
not stressed and anxious and worrying
about everything
so personally that's what makes me feel
like I'm healthy you know obviously if
my clothes fit good and you know and I'm
not bloated and all that stuff like
those are an added bonus but that's not
my why and I think it's really important
to know your why when you're working out
and that is a huge motivation to have it
just in general like for me you know you
guys know I meditate every day and it's
not because I don't have time or just
because I think it's fun like it does
get fun I mean like you enjoy doing it
but it's because I noticed the effects
from doing it every single day it's it's
things that you do every day that make
the biggest changes in your life and so
it's just really important to know your
why and that's
the thing that motivates you to keep up
with your fitness routine was your
meditation routine eating healthy and
it's fine if you fall off that's off
track because it's all about balance I
always say I healthy you know eighty
percent of the time and I leave room for
like wine and sweets and I don't beat
myself up about it so I think it's just
really important to remember that when
you're either comparing yourself or just
you're kind of being hard on yourself
for your own fitness journey so yeah
anyway so you guys can read the full
post I'll have a link down below and
like I said I've been guilty of it too
and it was just a good reminder I'm sure
that person who left the comment did it
I mean it I don't think they knew what
they're really saying but there is a
difference of thinking something and
then saying it and putting it out there
into the world so just be mindful of
that um yeah I'll link the full post if
you guys want to read it down below but
I just wanted to say thank you so much
for watching today's vlog hopefully you
guys enjoyed it hopefully I helped
answer some Fitness related questions
that you guys had for me if you wanted
you want me to do another Fitness
related video on a specific topic let me
know you guys can vote in the top right
hand corner if you want me to do one
just on more meals that I eat before and
after working out or the types of
workouts that I do it's sometimes hard
to film those ones because I go to a lot
of classes and like it's kind of work
just to like bring a camera in with you
but I was able to sneak it in today
because it wasn't like an official class
it was just us all working out to a
virtual class so maybe I can just do
some virtual ones with you and bring
Chloe next time so she can do the
workout and help me film but let me know
and also a huge thank you to Lululemon
for sponsoring today's video I'm gonna
link all of the items I mentioned in
today's video all the like different
outfits I picked out I'll link them down
below as well as mats in case you have a
boyfriend or partner or brother or
husband whatever that you think might
like those items too I'll link them down
below and I just I love that Lululemon
has literally something for everybody
it's not just yoga there's Pilates
there's weight training and you know
running it's really you can find
something for really any type of fitness
activity that you're looking for and I
mean I've been wearing these like all
day and they're so comfortable like I
get to take them off sometimes like my
workout clothes once I'm done working
out because they're just so comfortable
and I love that like workout clothes are
just you know it's socially acceptable
to wear them all day and since I worked
from home they're like my they're like a
step up from pajamas for me you know
question of the day today I want to know
what is your why for wanting to work out
even if you're not like where you want
to be right now with your fitness
regimen let me know what is your why why
do you want to workout and you know put
write that down somewhere say it to
yourself and kind of just ingrain that
into your mind into your subconscious
mind and honestly just remind yourself
about that when you're thinking about
going to the gym or going for a walk
with a friend you know remind yourself
what your why is so that hopefully that
will help motivate you guys to get your
butt to the gym move your body do
whatever you got to do to feel good and
feel healthy so if you guys aren't
already subscribed to this channel hit
that red subscribe button down below
also I give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it and I post new videos every
Monday Wednesday and Friday so today's a
vlog in the next week's vlog there'll be
no mr. mat because I filmed two blogs
while he was away on vacation but then
the following vlog he'll be in the vlog
as well as love logs okay thank you so
much for watching guys a CMI next one
and I'm gonna go make some dinner and
get little cashew some food she's
already back back to sleep this girl man
she sleeps all day okay bye guys
[Music]
