[Music]
Valley Village become
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning welcome back to vlogmas i
am just drunk tanking my green smoothie
with lots of cinnamon and ginger and
there's actually probiotics in it too
because i am not getting sick this
season
so today i thought i'd be fine to do
kind of like a holiday lookbook inspo
style vlogmas just because i have some
parties coming up in some family events
i want to look cute I actually love
dressing up like I feel like cuz I'm in
sweats 90% of the time at home I really
do love dressing up putting on some red
lipstick and just getting fancy for the
holidays and I just like fun to play
dress-up so I usually like to yea dress
very festive during the holiday season
so I thought I would just kind of share
some looks that I'm gonna be wearing
this year and my goal is not to buy new
things I mean I've done a little bit of
shopping already this year I've like in
the last couple weeks but I really want
to use what I have in my closet and I
might even try it we might try to hit up
Value Village today just to throw some
stuff I don't know I haven't been throw
shopping in years so I thought it could
be cool just to kind of put the two
together and if there's anything I'm
missing like a cute blazer or something
maybe we'll see if we'll find it
thrifted so I asked you guys on
Instagram stories last night to send me
your like requests for what type of
outfit ideas you would like to see you
guys sent me so many and some of them
are really good and not ones I think I
would have thought about so I'm going to
probably do like four maybe Chloe what
do you think 4 or 5 looks for she's not
listening okay no she's editing she's
editor blog mess right now so I'm
thinking okay for sure for but maybe 5
if we can squeeze that in so it's gonna
be like a come shop with me and put
outfits together plus a lookbook video I
thought it would be fine to kind of show
you
like my thinking process of when I'm
putting outfits together I might know
means like a fashionista but you guys
are always complimenting me on my
outfits and honestly a lot of the stuff
I repurpose with new stuff is like from
years ago you guys asked me where it is
where it's from and like it's just not
available anymore so I feel like I'm
pretty like savvy when it comes to
repurposing older pieces and just like
revamping them and making them look cute
again and something that you want to
wear so I'm gonna pull some ideas from
here that I think will be really good
like there's there's some casual look so
you guys are asking for work parties
which I love Christmas work parties I
miss that so much
I mean my Christmas work party would be
me and my pajamas with cashew dancing
around like not much of a work party but
I think we have some really good ideas
here so I'm gonna start pulling things
from my closet I got my sister's here
for some input and then I'm just gonna
kind of see what I have and then what I
think I might want to buy at Value
Village all right let's do this
also this outfit that I'm wearing here
so comfy and cute and it's a little
sneak peek of what's to come in our 12
Days of Giveaways don't mind why is
there always a pile of laundry in the
corner I've so many clothes to put away
like Matt hates when I do that and I
just just but I make the bed that's you
know I told him pick and choose do you
want laundry tell me what the bed made
in the morning you know he's like both
I'm like well I can't be perfect that's
honestly when I tell him and he just do
my sister's laughing but yeah it's a
constant battle with the laundry in this
house okay
I'm gonna start pulling stuff from my
closet to see what I have all right so
this is like my met like this whole
closet situation it needs to be clean
just ignore I've been like stuffing
sweaters just to make it look like I've
been putting clothes away but anyways I
already know I bought this shirt a few
weeks ago I already know it's gonna be
in my one of my looks so I'm gonna grab
that so I'm gonna just grab some pieces
I know I'm gonna want to wear this
holiday season and then I'm gonna look
at your recommendations on Instagram
[Music]
this is my closet thrown up on the bed
so lots of pieces that I've been kind of
eyeing to wear the season like this
green dress I haven't worn yet
I bought it actually like maybe last
year a year before I don't know so we
have some options alright so I'm pulling
up Instagram to see what you guys are
asking for okay definitely office
holiday party is a big one so I think
that should definitely be one um family
dinner also how to wear a dress and stay
warm that's a popular one which I feel
you like I'm all about triple the
leggings Oh Christmas Day that's
definitely one someone said sweater with
boots Oh someone think New Year's party
should be that we should do with New
Year's look meeting boyfriend's extended
family for Christmas needs something
conservative and cute no right um I
think the one that we do for like a
family Christmas party or dinner like
will be something that you could wear to
that as well
my friend Matt PJ's with the four of us
plus two pups love that idea okay so why
don't we do like a fancy like a fancy
going out slash Christmas party like if
it's for your friends or like you just
or you're going out somewhere special
and you want to dress up and kind of you
know look a little bit cute and sexy
we'll do that okay there was another one
on here that was like casual yeah
something cozy and comfy but still cute
so let's do like a comfy look that's
just like everyday so this is our list
that we're narrowing it down so we're
gonna do office holiday party how to
wear a dress and stay warm Christmas Day
sweater with boots it's also like a cozy
and comfy look and then New Year's look
so that's one two three four five looks
I feel like dinner family dinner could
be the same as Christmas Day and then
the going out Christmas party I think we
can also kind of do the office holiday
party and maybe just do like one quick
swap of a shirt or something just to
give two looks so it's kind of six that
we're doing but really five that's the
plan in the car
it got so snowy noise here so we're
leaving a little bit later than we
wanted to because it's gonna get dark so
quick p.m. we're going to go have a nice
little shopping trip today see if you
see anything at Valley Village we also
might go to this other consignment
stores called Plato's Closet so we'll
see what's there
I also brought a little snack but I've
seen these in my favorites video truly
are my favorites so village
[Music]
so I'm thinking I could little tea
lights and these and the flicker also
this is really cute I wish I could have
only 99
this green one so cute
and then I don't know I feel like
Khloe's talking me into this
it's kind of fun
this is really cute too I think for like
putting plants and or something
and also one new new rule
you didn't bring their reusable bag
carry it to the car back at home and I
want to show you guys this snack I'm
about to have persimmons are the most
underrated fruit they're so good and
these ones are like super plump so
they're ready to eat but there's a
couple of different kinds of them
there's ones that are hard kind of like
an apple and they never soften and ripe
in but these ones like I don't know if
you can tell but it's like super super
soft so I'm gonna cut one open and
honestly it's like candy it's so good
you just cut it down the center it's so
good you just scoop it and this jelly
consistency and let me tell you it's the
best thing ever
no cash it's not for you mmm it's so
good and it comes out every time around
this time here mmm cashew is not for for
doggies isn't hum for doggies just meet
back at home now I got some super cute
pieces that I'm really excited about I
already have some ideas on what we're
gonna put together so I got Chloe here
she's gonna help me we're gonna put
together a couple outfits for you guys
and then I'm gonna put them on and yeah
it's around behind the Christmas tree to
show you guys what we came up with and
I'm also maybe gonna
lightly curl my hair put some red
lipstick on so I can look cute for to
give you the idea of what it's gonna
look like when you're all dressed up
okay I think we got some really good
options so let's see what we come up
with so we're gonna do all of the outfit
reveals in front of the Christmas tree I
think we did pretty good and I'm quite
happy although I didn't really like put
much effort into my hair makeup I
literally just curled the front and put
some lipstick on you guys will get the
idea of what it could look like if you
actually try to do your hair makeup
all right let's go and show these up
it's I honestly don't know if this vest
makes me look like an 80 year old woman
but I kind of really like it so I'm
happy that's clearly talked me into it
anyways I think it's really cute and it
was a it was what seven seven
ninety-nine so I wouldn't have paid
fifty dollars for this but eight dollars
I'm all yours so this is my Christmas
Day outfit at least I would wear this
for Christmas Day who changed my mind
there's still a long way to go but I
thought this was fine because the vest
is so festive and it's super casual like
I'm just wearing black jeans so if I
spill anything on it it's totally fine
and this turtleneck is really casual and
like you can if you can't find a very
cool Christmas vest like this you could
just use any other vests you have but I
don't know let's bring back the best I
think it's a fun little layering item
and throw in a little red lip and you're
ready to go for Christmas Day Christmas
Eve shopping on Boxing Day whatever it
is I just think that this is a classic
casual Christmas outfit I mean it
doesn't get more Christmassy than this
vest so
unless I really like it
[Music]
literally having the worst hair day of
my life so just ignore please you should
see the back of course but anyways this
outfit here is like what I would wear to
a holiday party this year with some
friends and I'm also going to show you
guys I got a lot of questions about how
to stay warm or when you're wearing a
dress which I get it I hate being cold
so I'm gonna show you guys how I layer
to stay warm while wearing a cute dress
in the winter time so this is a dress I
bought a couple years ago I have not
worn yet and I figured out why what was
bugging me I felt it was a little boxy
but layering it makes it look really
cute so just a simple green dress I got
from Zara and one of my tips is staying
warm is get yourself some really thick
black tights even layer them if you're
gonna be outside a lot during the night
layer you're tight so I have some really
thick black tights here I have some
super comfortable chunky heeled black
ass shoes that I think pair really mix
with this and then I'm gonna show you
guys two different ways that you can
layer to stay warm with the dress so I
have this long kind of like a sweater
trench jacket and what I like about it
is very long it's like almost it's like
to my calf and it's super cozy almost
feels like a sweater so this is going to
keep me warm but also I'm gonna jazz it
up so I look cute but still warm with
this faux fur little scarf and you can
wear this on top or just tucked
underneath your jacket kinda like that
and do it up I just think that this is a
really cute layering piece and you can
still wear this inside when you take off
your jacket which is really nice and
then I would also add in some mint a hat
if you're going to be outside for a bit
even layering this with another little
long-sleeve like cardigan would keep you
warm too but because this jacket is kind
of a sweater material and really long
and I have those extra thick types I'm
gonna stay pretty warm second option if
you
Phil you're going to be cold inside the
house because you don't want to wear a
short sleeve like this one let me show
you guys the second option I just kind
of randomly tried this on together once
I had the dress on and I I think I'm
actually gonna wear this to my friends
holiday party next weekend
so this is the blue keep hitting the
tree this is the blue velvet blazer I
got and I just think it hits so well on
this dress like the little pleated
bottom makes it look like it's a
two-piece likes shirt and skirt I just
think it goes really well and it just
gives the stress a little bit more shape
also this is very warm because it's
velvet so you could wear this with the
jacket with the fur scarf and you would
be good to go during the colder months
so I think this is really cute
well it has zip oh it's the first bad
little islands here okay so this is so
cute
I approve and I'm so happy I know that's
what the Stars
[Music]
so this is my cozy sweater and boots
also like weekend at the cottage or ski
resort from just like chillin I don't
know Chloe just remember Senate for
might have like a ski resort so this is
the sweater I got at Value Village so
cute and really happy I picked it up I
love the colors but you can find a lot
of these kind of tribally sweaters like
I stores right now so I'll try to leave
link one down below but it's really cute
it's just like a really thick oversized
sweater I layered it with this like thin
gray or the like underneath but you can
obviously do any any shirt like basic
shirt underneath
I like the turtleneck because it just
keeps me extra cozy and warm I have some
blue jeans that I already owned and then
I just paired it with some black booties
but you could totally do this with high
boots too I think this is so casual just
like hanging around in the house but
also going out if you have some
interactive these yeah I'm really happy
with how this turned out and I think it
looks really cozy and ski resort chic
[Music]
so this is my holiday office outfit
which I would totally wear if I still
worked in the corporate world which I
kind of miss all the holiday work
parties but I would totally wear this
because even though the sleeves are
sheer it's still very conservative so
you don't have to feel a little too
risky to wear this at the office and
these pants are high waisted so
comfortable they are cream so maybe you
stick to the white wine and then I love
these like fun leopard II shoes so I
think that they're still like you're
adding a pop of fun and like sexiness
without it being like over the top if
you do it I mean and I personally don't
really let every wear a lot of like
low-cut things sometimes I do but I
think showing less is a lot of times
sexier in my opinion and I just love
these puff sleeves I'm seeing this a lot
at the stores so I'll try to find
something similar so then if you want to
layer it I'm gonna throw on the emerald
green blazer that I picked up today and
I personally love navy blue and emerald
green together I think it's such just
like a cool combination they're both
like jewel tones and I just think this
whole outfit looks so cute so you could
have it layered like this when you get
to the party orbits chilly inside and
then you can be like whoa look at my
sleeves so I think this is a really fun
outfit and like I said this is good for
a work holiday party or just a holiday
party where you want to be a little bit
more like business casual conservative
clothes laughing because her phone keeps
going off um but yeah I love it and I
would wear this I've run this to any
holiday party and I'm probably going to
[Music]
right finally got fed up with my hair
right Patricia top and then a time to
look more ready for the holidays so this
is my New Year's outfit you got a lot of
you guys asked for a New Year's outfit
which I still feel like is in the
holiday realm well for sure it is it's
like right after Christmas so this is
actually worn this skirt before for for
New Year's and this little pearl it's
like a it's not a shirt like you can't
wear it on its own it's just like an
overlay thing this thing was so
expensive like I think I spent $80 on it
got it for my birthday outfit which was
so Keele and some photo here
totally worth it no regrets but I need
it to wear like find a reason to wear it
again so this is so cute and my sis my
older sister said girls are in this
season so just I'm trending that's
what's happening anyways um this is a
black bodysuit underneath so a super
comfy although I do feel like I have a
wedgie at the bodysuit it's like I buy
them and then they put them on and I
honestly feel like a permanent wedgie
maybe I'm doing it wrong but anyways I
have this really cute skirt I have had
this for years I've worn it so many
times and then I despaired it with some
simple suede nude heels actually were
these for my cookbook launch party and I
think it looks really cute and I'm
actually gonna pair it show you guys
pairing it with a jacket because no
sleeves when it's cold is not a good
combination so I am gonna use this again
to show you guys we hide it with the
green dress before okay she's just
running around I think it looks equally
as cute with this combination as well
and I'd say this seems like a bold color
would you say cold metallic I think the
navy with the pearls looks really cute
together and I might actually wear this
exact of the premier so just FYI I
really like it this service minifigures
I'm so cozy and then I just throw out my
hair I usually wear my hair down to be
honest but I think thought it looked
cute this outfit and I will link the
tulip colors that I've been wearing too
in case you want to get them for the
holidays this one's a little bit more
pinky I just switched up because by New
Year's I'm probably gonna be sick of
wearing red lipstick so really love it I
think it's super cozy and fun and
playful whether you're going out or just
having a New Year's party in with your
friends which is what I end up doing
[Music]
alright guys that is it and take off
these shoes that is my holiday look book
I will have all the outfits listed down
below hopefully you guys enjoy this
video this is very different from any
other lookbook video I've done I've only
good too but I had a lot of fun and I
can't I just put together these outfits
on the fly today as you saw so I thought
I'd just bring you guys along through
that process and how I dress myself for
the holidays but let me know question of
the day today
do you guys thrift shop and if not did
this video inspire you to maybe go to
your local Value Village or your local
consignment store to like pick up some
used well-loved clothing maybe you find
some vintage e fun items that you can't
find a Zara
believe it or not even though he loved
Zara it's just sometimes more like you
never know what you're gonna find it's
like going to winners or something it's
like always a surprise when you walk out
so I just wanted to challenge myself
today to do that um yeah that's gonna be
it for today's video I am so excited I
now have some outfit ideas for the rest
of the month which is awesome and you'll
probably see them popping up in the
blogs now so thank you so much be sure
to subscribe so you don't miss out on
daily vlogs that are happening all month
long Monday to Friday because guys I
need the weekend to like be saying I
can't I can't do seven blocks a week not
yet anyways and also I don't forget to
check out my Instagram account and
Cash's Instagram account because we are
doing 12 Days of Giveaways over there as
well so lots of stuff to win lots of
prizes to enter into and that's it I
feel like I'm so fancy now for the rest
of the day and I'm actually just gonna
make a big pot of vegetable soup I'm so
excited I get really excited about
cooking sometimes but anyways I got all
the ingredients the other day at the
store I'm gonna make a big pot of
vegetable soup which is gonna be still
warming on this like very snowy day I
don't think I actually showed that side
of it we had a winter like a blizzard
last night and it snow is everywhere so
it really does feel like the holidays
right now I'm gonna go clean up the
mountain of clothes that is
in my room right now before Matt gets
home cuz like he's gonna freak it's on
it like I'm freaking it's not messy
right now so I'm gonna go clean that up
before I take cashew for a walk and make
dinner
that's my nighttime routine I hope you
guys have a cosy night whatever you're
doing and I will see you guys in my next
vlog happy holidays and Merry Christmas
Merry blog miss and I'll see you guys
the next one
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
