[Music]
as a really cute container you're like I
don't know yeah what's gonna go in you
but like something cute because I need
this in my life
[Music]
hey health nuts welcome back to my
channel
today's video we are doing a haul not a
grocery haul although I know you guys
love those but we were actually doing a
home decor and just summery
haul Matt and I went to Target recently
and we picked out some things that they
had there that were very fresh and
summery and springy so I thought I would
share with you guys what we got we are
obviously still in the process of
decorating our home and we are still
such a far away to be until we're
completed but definitely a target has
some really nice trendy budget-friendly
home decor things and I mean even if you
live in Canada they actually shipped to
Canada now which is awesome but I mean
if you're in the Toronto area it's like
an hour-and-a-half Drive head over to
the border pick up some really cute
things and you can bring it back home
and just pretend that we have target
Canada again sad face who misses target
in Canada I do
like times - alright let's hop right in
actually before we do make sure you are
subscribed to this channel you can hit
that red subscribe button down below
it's free I post every Monday and
Wednesday and Friday on this channel so
lots more videos for you guys to binge
watch let's hop right in alright so
first thing here actually have this
really cute yellow striped beach bag
this is actually cashews puppy bag you
know how there's like a diaper bag yummy
if you saw my 10 things I wish I knew
before getting a puppy
you know that puppies have like just as
many things babies and you need them
when you're going places so I thought
you know cashews colors yellow so I
thought this is super cute it's also
just like multifunctional if I just need
this for a beach bag it's awesome as
well but it has a bunch of things
stuffed in here also I'm gonna link all
of the items I'm mentioning down below
for you guys to check them out because
yeah all these should be still available
first thing in here is this really cute
I think this is like a wicker kind of
just canister I just thought this was
the cutest thing it has a little like
plastic insert in it so we're actually
setting up the basement for the health
nut shop headquarters which is really
exciting so I'm just trying to get some
decor stuff from down there so you'll
see some things in this haul for
downstairs so I thought this would be
cute for just like an on the bathroom
counter holder maybe I can put like I
don't know some cotton swabs or swabs
are they cotton no cotton rounds ear
swabs I don't know what is going in here
you know when you buy something is a
really cute container you're like I
don't know yet what's gonna go in you
but like something cute because I need
this in my life so that's what happened
here and I mean worst case scenario this
could just go on a really cute shelf
because I got some decor things for a
shelf we don't have yet but you'll see
why they're so darn cute so I got that
and this came in a set there was like
small medium large I may go back for the
other sizes I don't know yet then I got
some clothing now I always I mean target
is like hit hit or miss when it comes to
clothes sometimes you find really cute
things other times it's just kind of
like mmm it's it's not that exciting and
I'm really picky now when I buy clothes
cuz I just try not to buy things that
I'm just gonna wear once and then not
wear again I guess it's just wasteful
and I'm just trying to avoid that but
these are so cute I forget what this is
called like this like soft denim
material I don't know if it's like
chambre I'm not sure but it's these are
so cute they look so comfy now that we
have a puppy I feel like we're gonna be
going to like the beach and just being
outdoors more and these are just they're
you know great for the summer because
they're shorts and they're comfortable I
love the fact that they just have like a
stretchy waistband and yeah these were
$19.99 you can't go wrong and I feel
like I don't have that many shorts for
this summer so and they have back
pockets when you have a puppy uni or dog
you have to wear clothes that have
pocket so those are really cute speaking
of dog yes I'm a crazy dog mom okay just
we can get that out of the way Chloe's
gonna laugh she hasn't seen this stuff
so she is the face on her the look on
her face Kate
paws paw print great okay this is just
like could be pajama wear I'm totally
gonna wear this out so I just wanted
like a loose relaxed shirt I thought
that was really cute and as I was seeing
that one I was not looking for dog
shirts just so you know they just
happened to pop out at me and then look
I love my daughter more than my bed
but yeah so cute and this is just like
this probably is gonna be pajama shirt
maybe wear it out as well I don't know
you just you can't have too many like
just soft snowy t-shirts to wear with
shorts
that's a cute casual outfit I like and
then speaking of clothes I also got I
feel like every season I get a new
pajama set not every time I buy new
pajamas he's like don't you have so many
pajamas and I really don't cuz like I
don't know I I will have certain ones
and I'll just wear them to death and
then I have to look a venti get rid of
them because they're falling apart but
these are so cute like I love the olive
green and floral print
I like the tank top I don't have one no
way I do have one that's tank top but I
have another tank top now and I just
love sets pajama sets you know they're
so cozy and comfortable you'll probably
see this in a morning routine that's
what inspires them like oh I need this
for a video yeah it's probably not a
good thing but you know I love those and
then would also have here a random
wooden ball this is a very random haul
by the way so this is madness like what
is this exactly I'm like you know it's a
wooden sphere like it's for a shelf I
don't know I if you know me in real life
you might know I love like when it comes
to design stuff I always tell people
like I love circles and I don't know why
circles make me really happy
circles and like honeycomb and like
natural shapes I don't know if circles
are natural no they are very circles are
natural it would orb this is not a toy
this is not a toy cashew
she's passed out this is so cute so when
we eventually do have shelves in the
living room and dining room and stuff I
think these would be really cute for
decor stuff and I got some other things
that I think are they in here no missing
another bag but we'll find it okay so
next I have we did get some things for
cashew because I'm a sucker and like
like really I don't want it is their
squeaker oh my the pit is a squeaker I
don't want to do it cuz cashew you don't
even know how awesome these toys are yet
so it's kind of like a corduroy in the
back it has a bit of that like I don't
Archy taper noise and then I'm guessing
oh yeah that's a squeaker
yeah she's passed out so darn cute and
in the food trend we also got a little
mushroom little shrew me and an acorn I
don't know why they have so many tags on
them I don't have to riff all these out
but how cute are these it's just so many
toys I don't know how people restrain
themselves from buying more dog toys
it's kind of like mugs like you can't
have too many mugs you just can't have
to mean the dog toys are so cute and
they really are selling themselves to
the pet owner like cow she doesn't know
if she's chewing on an avocado or a
monkey so you know instead it oh I just
got a cheap pair of sunglasses because
last year we went to Laura Gorge which
is this beautiful spot Chloe's already
laughing beautiful Gorge Quarry area in
Guelph in Ontario it's so beautiful and
I had some they were also cheap
sunglasses but Chloe's boyfriend Javon
lost them including my hat actually the
Hat just went in the water anyway so we
had a little little incident my
sunglasses got lost in the sea and still
there I feel like every summer you need
you're just like your cheap plastic
throw on throw off pair of sunglasses or
Sony's if you're from Australia and yeah
I really really like these there was two
pairs I was contemplating on Matt said
this one was cute so I went with his
opinion I think that's everything in
here okay I have to find there's another
wicker basket maybe we left it in the
car we'll check but we'll go and we'll
go through the other things while we're
looking for that speaking of downstairs
and our health nut shop headquarters
makeover we got a bathroom mirror so if
like downstairs has like the bathroom
can you see yourself
[Laughter]
hi Chloe what's up so we got this
beautiful wooden circle mirror once
again say I like round things I don't
know they're very aesthetically pleasing
to me so we got this mirror because
downstairs in the bathroom we've
repainted it it was just like really
dark olive green it was a little dark
for a basement bathroom we've painted it
a light fresh color
yeah but the mirror right now that's
there is just one of those like standard
square ones the thin ones and I thought
why don't we get rid of that one and
then place this one we'll just putt you
the holes and we'll put this one and
make it look way more health nutty I
love natural textures and materials into
a space it just brings like the outdoors
in and it's very calming and Chloe what
do you think of our new bathroom mirror
office bathroom mirror so I think that's
really really cute for upstairs we got
this really heavy light which I'll put
in b-roll shots of it set up because
Matt said he's gonna set that up this
weekend so we'll put a shot of it done
it looks so beautiful I saw it displayed
at Target and this is it here it's
beautiful it was a pretty good price
considering it looks like something you
would buy at West Elm
I feel like Target gets a lot of inspo
from us town but it's way cheaper so
this was 129 which may seem expensive
but at West Elm you're looking at like
even four there was a ceiling light I
liked on sale it was like 450 so
lighting can be really expensive and
this is beautiful it has like a gold
brushed finish the base of it is a faux
marble and I just love the look of it
and you know we're having to spend a lot
of money in our place so if I can save
some money in some areas I'm gonna do
that we'll set this up hopefully it
looks good in the space we're gonna put
it like sink like right behind me here
or maybe in that corner if we do a chair
I don't we might move things around but
I really like this and I'm excited to
set it up so matt has a weekend project
so now that the summer weather is around
the corner
I thought it'd be really good to buy a
cooler I've never purchased a cooler
before I feel like an official adults
because I've always just borrowed one
from my parents or a friend but I am
official
we have our own cooler how health nutty
is this it's a true poise or like aqua
green I don't know it's it's definitely
beautiful and this one is just like a
little one and I like it it's perfect
for I don't know why it has like things
to close it like maybe twist ties maybe
to prevent bears I don't know but like
no one's who's gonna steal our our
sandwiches from the beach so this is a
great size if you're just doing a day
trip maybe you're just like going to the
park or going to the beach for a little
bit with your puppy and or just like
having a little romantic date that would
be a good one and then we thought okay
well like what if we're doing an all-day
trip then you need for a weekend then
you need the mama sighs this is the
daddy sighs I don't know maybe that
wasn't was the mom so this is just a
massive one like look how much it's
gonna fit cash you could fit in there
she'll be nice and cool if she gets hot
and I think there's like a there's a
little handle Rolly and we're ready for
the beach so I really love this matching
set they had other colors there was a
blue one I don't know if there was
others red I don't know if there was
yellow if there was yellow I probably
would have gotten that one as well but
these are really cute and I think
they're gonna be really functional for
this summer I'm gonna go find that the
other missing items because I know
they're somewhere BRB so we found the
missing item so this matches the other
little wicker cannister that's gonna go
in the bathroom downstairs and then this
is going to go on the toilet so the back
of the toilet I think this will be a
really cute storage area and the perfect
size and then inside cashews like
wondering what this is we got some more
decorative stuff for a shelf so they had
the cutest little this is actually a
candle but guess what it looks like my
corn which is obviously the health nut
logo and it's just so cute so I don't
think I'm actually gonna burn it
tomorrow just like for decor and oh it
smells nice huh
whoo so it's really good it is a soy
candle so I think I can burn it without
it bothering me yeah I kinda wanna get
more colors it's so cute it's a nice
soft matte texture and then get a lot of
this this is so cute so it's really
heavy people the cashier was like what
is this I was like it's an artichoke
she's like I know but what is it it's
it's a decor item I don't know so this I
love the colors very neutral and soft
and love the texture obviously I love
that it's food I think this is gonna be
really cute in our future shelf for the
dining room
so like this maybe this may be the
wooden orb I think those are all like be
really cute together
right cache you should give cash to her
her toy look look that's for you do you
like it oh oh do you like it
she's like I'm trying to get it and off
it goes oh and last but not least we
also got a beautiful welcome mat that's
outside right now it's pretty large and
it kind of makes a mess like you don't
want to bring it in the house it has I
don't know what the material is it's
like burlap or something but it sheds
like crazy so keeping it outside but
we'll do a little shot of what it looks
like it's really beautiful and I'm just
excited to finally have some new pieces
we can slowly decorate our home like we
or it's really mean that's decorating
the home let's be honest my mom has the
shelf that she's been trying to give to
us and we just have to repaint it and
she last night went there for dinner and
she's like all back come see the shelf
see if you want it and he goes let's be
honest I have no say in the decorations
for the place which isn't true he does
but when it comes to like colors and a
design I not that I'm professional but
he really just trusts and relies on me
to do it which is totally fine cuz I
don't mind doing it so that is
everything I picked up from tarjay
hopefully you guys enjoyed it I would
love to know if you guys have any ideas
of things I should pick up from there
for the new house leave me a comment
down below as I mentioned I'm gonna have
all
the links to the products I mentioned in
this video in the info box down below so
you guys can check that out and if you
guys want to subscribe make sure you
click that red subscribe button down
below I post every Monday Wednesday and
Friday and I hope to see you guys back
here for another video
oh you're not supposed to be on the
couch guys chef K should be on the couch
or not I don't know we're trying to be
those like parents that dogs can't be on
the bed and couch but like maybe the
couch is okay I don't know she's just
like I know how close like she's like
loves the couch and I'm sick of sitting
on the floor hey we just won't tell
daddy how about during the day you can
be on the couch with Mummy
yes and then at night know hey it's just
like the sweetest thing okay I'm sorry
for all the cash you been alright guys
have a fabulous day and I will see you
guys in my next video bye
