sometimes you get inspired to make
something at home you're like that's a
good flavor profile I should try that
hey health let's welcome back to my
channel it's been a while since we've
done a Trader Joe's haul so I thought
this would be the perfect time of year
to basically share with you guys a bunch
of items that we picked up I haven't
been to Trader Joe's probably since the
fall I can't remember when our last
Trader Joe's haul was but I think it was
around Halloween so we got a lot of
things like I said some new stuff some
old stuff I'm really excited to try
these and let's just hop right in so I'm
gonna start with the cold stuff and the
freezer stuff so I get these back into
the fridge so they don't melt although
we are in the middle of winter so I
don't think they're gonna actually melt
but we'll just start with those so Matt
Picht and these are some things that
Matt picked up these are some things I
got and just as a disclaimer just
because it's at Trader Joe's does not
make it healthy not everything here I'm
sharing is a healthy option it is more
some of it is like convenience foods
that are just kind of like novelty items
that are fun to try and we incorporate
these foods into a healthy lifestyle so
we will have like a salad or homemade
food with safe we have one of these like
prepackaged food items you know this
doesn't this isn't the majority of our
food that we eat just as a disclaimer
because I don't want people to think all
of these are really healthy because
believe it or not Trader Joe's is not
all healthy that you have to check the
ingredients when you buy stuff so I
always turn around the labels to see
what the ingredients are and if it's
something that I don't mind eating once
in a while so first thing we have here
are some turkey burgers so Matt grab
these I don't think we've had these
before so these are actually raw turkey
burgers so you have to cook them which
is nice that they're not already like
precooked and the ingredients are great
turkey salt rosemary
so that's the kind of ingredient list
that I like so the next thing this is
something that is a little bit more
indulgent but I love it so much it is
the French onion soup I really want to
try making my own French onion soup I
remember my mom making it when we were
younger and I did not like it I mean she
didn't do it like broiled with cheese on
top in the oven it was kind of just like
I remember isn't a clear big bowl and it
was like floating whole onions and it
was not appetizing for a kid but I I
would like to make my own version and
and do like more of the traditional kind
of boiled cheese and croutons on top but
a little bit more healthified so let me
know if you guys would like to see that
but this comes with a packet of two I
believe and it's so so good I love it
it's just a little treat that I like to
get from Trader Joe's once in a while
next freezer item we have this is a new
one and I haven't tried these are the
chicken ball tea pies I've been really
into like chicken pot pies lately I
actually have one coming up on the
channel soon if it's not already live
and I'm just really into like pastries
with a chicken stew I don't know this is
just something I it's like very
comforting for me right now so this is
tender chicken chunks and vegetables in
a traditional Balti curry so yeah I'm
excited to try this I think it comes
with two yeah so we can have this French
French soup and you have a delicious
cozy dinner I'd probably have them at
two separate occasions but I'm really
excited to get those ago and next thing
I think oh we've tried both of these
before we have Mexican style roasted
corn with cotija cheese
I never know how to say that so we've
tried this before Matt really likes it
this is just good as like aside for for
your dinner and then we also actually
had these last night mushroom risotto
and yeah it's just like I said another
side that you can have maybe next to
chicken I made these last night and I
actually added in some fresh shiitake
mushrooms just to kind of like beef it
up I guess I like to do that sometimes
with packaged items just add in some
fresh things as well like maybe a hand
tools spinach would be really nice in
this the next freezer item that it is
really hard to find sometimes at grocery
stores is unsweetened acai berry
packages so this is just a side puree so
this is really good to make acai bowls
that you decorate you can put it into a
smoothie and you can do lots with these
so I always look for the unsweetened
ones
because I just I'm not all about that
extra sugar so this just has a side PA
water citric acid and that's it
so uh yeah and acai berry is actually
quite low in sugar so I just like that
you can control the sugar you can add
some sweetness with banana and just
blend that all up put some granola on
top and have a really delicious acai
berry bowl that you made at home now for
fridge
items we got two packages of bacon they
have really good bacon at Trader Joe's
this is the Apple smoked uncured Apple
smoked bacon so we've got two packages
and they're like really thick slices so
they're really good they don't just like
shrink up when you cook them up so
there's no nitrates added and I just
love the like the flavor and the
thickness of these so these are
delicious perfect for Sunday morning
brunch and with like pancakes on the
side that's like my ideal breakfast on
the weekend this next item I'm really
excited to try I've seen a youtuber I
follow Kendra Atkins I believe her name
is eyes she's super cute I will link her
down below she has twins anything she's
pregnant again
and I just watched her channel once in a
while I just I really like her I think
her channel is underrated you guys
should just go follow her she's just
super real and she talks about this
salad all the time it's the corn corn
and quinoa salad with Co cheetah cheese
and roasted poblano cilantro dressing so
in even when we were cashing out the
cashier was like oh this is really good
you guys will like this so I'm excited I
think we're gonna have that for lunch
today with like something else on the
side then for like butters and spreads
we have some Kerry gold pure Irish
butter this is the salted one so I
really try not to do like margarine in
the house the only one I would buy is
like Earth Balance but for the most part
we just have regular butter if you want
it on toast so this one's really nice
because it's a little bit more
spreadable softer it's grass-fed and
that's why I like to get the salted one
because I don't use this one for baking
when you are baking you want to go for
the unsalted so you can control your
salt in your baked goods otherwise if
it's on toast I like a little sea salt
this was this is not a Trader Joe's
branded item but it was at Trader Joe's
it's the
my Yoko's yeah Miyoko 'he's vegan cream
cheese so this is basically made with
cashews and the ingredients were awesome
there's like because a lot of times like
when you do vegan cheese alternatives
it's all soy like a bunch of soy and
weird vegetable oils this one's not too
bad and yeah I'm excited to try that
sometimes I just crave cream cheese and
if I'm gonna have cream cheese I like a
vegan one or like a good quality dairy
one this next item I actually only
picked up because they were doing
samples which goes to show that samples
work I tried this and I was like this is
so good I almost want to make my own
version of it it is the jalapeno lime
almond dip I liked it so much about to
and it is so good if I was just to read
almond if I'd be like is it just grainy
I don't know what that is it is kind of
like a cream cheese but it's made out of
almond it's creamy and it's spicy with
the jalapeno and it's just really
delicious it's vegan and gluten free and
I think it's gonna be delicious with
like crackers or baby carrots I really
like it or even like spread on a wrap
before you add in all your toppings I
think it's like really a really
flavorful dish and dip I mean and the
ingredients are great almonds water lime
juice jalapenos olive oil salt
there's potassium chloride but really
clean I like it so I'm excited
I don't think Matt got to try it so I'm
excited for him to give that a go I also
from the fridge section picked up some
black kale or organic Tuscan kale black
kale has so many names there's like
there's another name but there's also
like dinosaur kale there's like there's
a cave name for it anyways it had da
matta
kale I don't know there's so many names
it's like the kale with all the names so
yeah I like that it's organic it's
pre-cut pre-washed you could just simply
add this to stir-fries
i can add it to smoothies salads it's
super convenient to have just ready to
go then we got some organic ketchup
we were out so yes we still eat ketchup
but I just make sure to get the one
without
high-fructose corn syrup because that's
gross then I haven't tried this but I've
heard it's good I got the aioli garlic
mustard sauce so sounds delicious
I also want to kind of make my own
that's the thing about Trader Joe's
sometimes you get inspired to make
something at home you're like that's a
good flavor profile I should try that
and then Oh Matt got some blueberry
craft beers he loves you very beard he
loves like really sweet alcoholic he
loves like like G martinis he like the
only thing that's like not sweet that he
drinks is like old fashions but he loves
blueberry beer hey then we got some
organic yellow mustard just a small one
because we don't really use it too much
but you know barbecue season is on the
way I hope so that's good to have for
bar for burgers and then Matt got this
to organic kosher hot and spicy dill
pickles
I like the thrower you like pre-sliced
and stuff yeah he's ready for I think
he's like planning barbecue season or
something I don't know what the turkey
burgers he's like ready I didn't even
put that together until now but yeah we
have those we're ready for a barbecue
party then I got some organic full fat
coconut milk I like the one from Trader
Joe's then I got which probably won't be
a fan favorite I got some sardines these
are wild caught skinless and boneless
sardines in olive oil and sardines are
really high in omega threes if you
didn't know and I'm obviously I'm
Portuguese
so I grew up like eating sardines on the
barbecue like my whole life and it's
really delicious but it wasn't it hasn't
been until the last like few years that
I've bought in these sardines in a like
a tin I guess what is this yeah it's
like it's looking a little tray tin and
these are really good just to have once
in a while it's like crackers and stuff
it's just really like I said high in
omega threes and you just want to make
sure the ingredients are good so this is
sardines olive oil and salt I haven't
tried this brand and I haven't bought in
sardines like this in quite a while so
I'm curious to see if I can get back
into it when I used to have it I really
liked it it's like obviously a very
fishy smelling thing job but it tastes
so
so I will report back if those are good
but oh I did the reason actually I got
those is because I was contemplating on
them and then a girl came out and
literally picked up like five of that
and I was like ooh I need to I think
that so she was selling it for me
Matt picked up some of the epic bars
these are basically like jerky bars like
meat bars so this is a sriracha one and
then this is the just natural bison so
this is a chicken sriracha and bison so
I've had these before they're pretty
good
I don't like crave them or anything but
they're pretty good and it's just a nice
alternative from like all the really
sweet protein bars this is just like
actual meat so he really likes getting
those okay lost in here ooh this was
like a little treat item for me these
are organic mini peanut butter sandwich
crackers I don't know why I'm like
really into peanut butter sandwich
crackers lately and I actually well I
know how it started my cousin Caitlin
from Caitlin's corner she has a YouTube
channel on here as well and she bought
like another brand that a health food
store and she's eating them and it like
re you re ignited my like love for
peanut butter sandwich crackers so I
picked them up at my local store the
next time I was there and I've just been
like craving them ever since I try to
get the organic ones that have a little
bit less crap in them but to be honest
it's definitely a treat and Caitlin you
got me hooked so I got those from Trader
Joe's just have some beers in there for
apparently our barbeque party okay we
got a lot of stuff this time
we got out so another non Trader Joe's
item but I got the puffins peanut butter
cereal I eat this not for breakfast but
as a dessert my favorite one is their
pumpkin spice one but it's only around
like the fall time I picked up but this
is just something I want to try you guys
know I'm not like completely gluten free
but I do eat a low gluten diet this is
their gluten free all-purpose flour and
yeah I was just curious it looked like a
different one and just yeah the basis of
it is like brown rice flour or potato
starch rice flour tapioca flour
so I'm excited to try that I've been
playing around with different flours
because we're working on our flour
substitution guide which is coming soon
you guys will love it it's gonna solve
all of your flour questions that you
always ask me about like substituting
and like what's good for what so I'm
just trying to like look at different
flour options Matt got these oven baked
cheese bites made with 100% cheese so he
we've been recently like really into the
moon cheese which is basically like
dehydrated cheese and it's just like
really crunchy and satisfying it's
something worried about him
I really like them so and yeah so
anyways Trader Joe's has their own
version so we're gonna give those a go
and then the last amount loose in here I
just got some blanched almond flour so I
was just low on it and I love baking
with almond flour so I got some of that
alright next we have organic corn chip
dippers so Matt pick these up he I think
got suckered into the sample section
like I said the samples get you every
time that's why Costco always like you
end up with way more than you wanted to
buy it's because of the samples so we
got these and it's just organic corn
organic sunflower oil in sea salt then
we got or I got some nutritional yeast
which Matt is just as much of a fan of
this stuff is so good we put it on
literally everything once you get I told
it likes that he loves crunch rolled
corn tortilla chips Chilean lime flavor
okay these actually look really cool I'm
excited I got he got some grass-fed beef
sticks like kind of like pepperoni
sticks with beef and then I got one of
the perfect bars yeah perfect bars in
the coconut peanut butter flavor Matt
got he's got one of these like another
time we're at Trader Joe's and I really
liked them I just realized I never put
this in the fridge last night it's just
been in here the whole time you do need
to keep these in the fridge
so anyways these are really good and
they're just like a different type of
bars and just a different flavor I like
that you keep them in the fridge
but I didn't do that but you know and
then avocados or on sale oh I don't know
if they're on sale but they're $0.99 so
I got four these are all like nice and
ripe so I'll probably have to make like
guac tonight
it's actually Super Bowl today when I'm
filming this so you know maybe we'll
make some guac the last thing I got is
some nut product so I picked up this is
my favorite the crunchy almond butter
salted butter from Trader Joe's and I
think that is everything that was a lot
of stuff guys
I hope hopefully you guys got some
inspiration for what to buy when you
guys are shopping at Trader Joe's next I
know for all my Canadian viewers who are
like we wish we had a Trader Joe's here
I feel you and not everyone lives like
an hour and a half away from the border
like Matt and I do but if you guys do
make it out there hopefully this will
give you some ideas I want to buy and I
will have a video coming up soon of like
my go to like things that you have to
pick up a Trader Joe's or maybe more
unique and I just love getting every
single time so that video will be coming
soon for those people who are just
visiting and they want to know like what
ok what are the things that are like
tried and tested that I should actually
invest my money in because you know some
things that I shares you guys we haven't
tried yet so a lot of these things you
know are still up for you know we don't
know if we're gonna love them and
repurchase them so hopefully that next
video will help you guys out but thank
you so much for watching be sure to
subscribe to this channel you can hit
that red subscribe button down below I
post every Monday Wednesday and Friday
here on my channel and make sure you
guys are subscribed to our weekly in a
nutshell a newsletter that goes to your
inboxes every Friday and it's just like
a recap of things that you may miss may
have missed or discounts or exclusive
content or speak peeks to future recipes
that all happens on the newsletter every
week so thank you so much for watching
I'm gonna put this all the way and I'll
see you in my next one bye guys
[Music]
you
[Music]
