hey some people are so grossed out by so
we've got a food expert Nicole Gonzalez
[Music]
welcome officially back to the vlog I'm
dismissed miss Chloe who's very tired
right now we didn't have time to get her
coffee yet so she's like what what's
going on but we are actually heading
into a sort of coffee shop we're going
for brunch but it's an exciting brunch
because we are miss a surprising but she
knows now we are going for brunch for a
fellow health nut subscribers birthday
and originally it was gonna be a
surprise but then her sisters like I
feel like she might want to know ahead
of time I think if she's gonna be like
seeing you and being on camera and all
that stuff so we are seeing a page it's
her name and her sister Nikki I like her
name she actually reached out this is
like this must have been like a month
ago or something and she sent me kind of
like a random email actually not a
random emails like it very well
articulated and she really wanted to
surprise her sister and I just think it
was her like message and why she wanted
to do it was really sweet and like and I
don't want you guys to think like all of
a sudden now I do like birthday requests
because like I that would be crazy and I
feel like I just would be able I'd feel
bad I wouldn't be able to like hang out
with everyone of you on your birthdays
but I thought this would be such a fun
opportunity it just seemed like a good
time and I just wanted to do it and I
thought I would vlog it and share with
you guys and just I don't I love you
meeting you guys in person and if I can
bring some positivity and just like
happiness to Paige's day and new
birthday year then I'm really happy to
do so we're meeting up with Paige and
we're gonna go for a little brunch
actually this new spot it's called
elephant and coffee grind I've never
been to it but it looked kind of cute on
Instagram so we're gonna go there we're
gonna meet up I got her a little bag of
goodies coming so I got a health nut
water bottle I
some avocado socks I got some stashes I
got what else I got a gemstone bracelet
our avocado huggers and as well as some
pop sockets I got one for her and Nikki
as well and just a little something to
say happy birthday because I love
birthdays I love like gift-giving too so
hopefully she likes it I wasn't sure
what her favorite color is but I hope
she likes avocados and pink I mean like
I feel like if she follows me she loves
avocados but that's what I have is a
little extra gift and I'm just excited
to meet her and as I say surprise it but
like I said she knows but we'll pretend
it's a surprise when we see her and it's
very very hot today oh my god I got a
girl back down the window also we have a
really exciting secret you'll find out
by the on the slug launch that's
happening this afternoon so it's gonna
be a good vlog
and I'm really excited
yeah go for a bunch I love brunch it's
my favorite girl to date so see you guys
a little bit cuz we gotta get cloaking
is that I don't have the zoom lens dance
we're just gonna do this now
so we're just about there just put on
some lipstick by the way you guys are
always asking every time I wear this
coral color you guys are asking me what
it is so I'm gonna link it by RMS I'm
gonna link it down below for you guys to
check out but I love it it's like the
perfect summer color and it's an all
natural lipstick and it lasts like
really really long so have that and I'm
pretty hungry so I had like only half of
my green smoothie and then I put in the
fridge so a little hot when I get back a
little afternoon treat I don't usually
do that but yeah I just was like getting
ready I'm like I'm gonna breakfast so
I'll just like have the smoothie later
and Matt actually made the smoothie this
morning otherwise I wouldn't have even
made one but I have to drink it cuz he
made it and you know super well it's
gonna be making lately yeah we'll see
you at the restaurant soon I think she's
already there she just messaged me so
over like 2 minutes away
[Music]
alright forgot to jet and we go sparks
[Music]
really good I should have got that see I
always want everyone else's meals
I'm eating nothing about just just tea
please let's stick on it
[Music]
thank you these plates so cute a few
days later at my actual birthday and as
reading my card and she felt like a
lunch date and my fish I always thought
the sister day and so I thought she was
referring to what had already my friend
Pato or anything so the ribbon it
[Music]
all
[Music]
oh okay should I just open it now okay
you got my birthday anything this is
what you have to do to win a brunch
birthday party with me as free cookies
Oh
I was gonna guess zucchini bread like
double chocolate
oh my god and that banana bread
just got home and I'm gonna wake up
cashier just a treat this is the longest
she's ever been like in her Craver
during the day she's been there for
three hours oh so I ain't gonna be too
happy
oh hi Missy hi what stiffen up yeah
wait just like I gotta go pee hey some
people are so gross stuff I oh oh man
she liked this scream oh my god she's
nuts okay we're gonna go pee we're gonna
go pee yeah right cashew is eating her
lunch and she'll ever walk and I just
wanted to have a little treat that Paige
made I can't get over the fact that she
made this all like this is so sweet and
I'm just like feeling a very great film
special right now it's so awesome like
fine how let me stop chip cookies cuz I
just I feel like I'm in the mood it's
Friday and I need some I need some sugar
and chocolate in my life
[Music]
that's gonna die Russia's just lying
down in the background look at this
cookie right every now and again is your
white chocolate in here - oh my god it's
white and milk chocolate
this is so good oh my god mmm no Becca
Charlie's with Matt oh my god
okay I'm gonna enjoy this catch up on
some work
all right yeah you did so good
just trying to go for the cookies okay
see you guys in a little bit I like this
car mount hey cashew because she ready
go get daddy so
hopefully you guys can hear me okay
we're going to pick up mr. Matt from the
go train Ren we are live streaming
tonight so I don't know if I've
officially set it on here but we just
launched our second online shop inspired
by Miss Kasia nadir back there and it's
something we've been working on for
months sometimes I feel like it seems
like things pop up out of nowhere but
we've been working on this new online
shop for so long matt has been working
so hard at contacting like wholesalers
that we wanted to sell their products
from like just there's so much back-end
stuff that has to go on when working on
a shop so we have done all the the meaty
work and now is the fun part now it's
the time to launch it so we've so it's
live right now when you guys are
watching this it would have been already
live for a couple weeks but I thought I
would share just kind of like the behind
the scenes launch process since you guys
seem to like that kind of stuff and it's
fun to share like it's something we're
really passionate about and it's a lot
of hard work so we really appreciate
your support and we will take you guys
on the blog as well behind the scenes of
what the health net pipe shop looks like
and all the cool things we have
hopefully they're still available by the
time this vlog goes live because we have
limited supplies of everything
like see how which things sold more
first before we just like ordered too
much of everything so not really excited
it's also very hot I have the right now
- a/c on keep little cashew chilled and
yeah so I don't really know what I'm
gonna be staying on the livestream yeah
I haven't really like prepared anything
but we asked you guys for any questions
on Instagram so I guess we're just gonna
let it go with the flow and see where it
goes
oh hello hey babe
she's like me back I mean what so cool
so I'm vlogging today we had a really
special day I had a birthday brunch with
a viewer today which was really cool her
name is Paige and now we're it's blurry
and yeah we had a birthday brunch for a
health nut viewer and then now we're
celebrating the launch of the health nut
pup shop which is so exciting so if you
guys want to be on the blog fave now
where's cashew okay we'll bring her in a
little bit later okay cuz she's gonna be
part of the live stream too
so hi okay so we're gonna actually
switch things over so the 35 people that
are watching right now I would love we
would love it so much would you guys
help support the new health nut pup shop
Instagram and website and head it over
to that it's it's at health nut
underscore pocket so come follow us
there and we're gonna show you guys like
behind the scenes off the warehouse time
cashew I know you guys love cashew and
we would love it if you guys joined us
hi Kimmy
hi carry on people are joining me why
you're drinking a beer no I was like it
is Friday onna before a long weekend
every day it was a long day I should
drink a beer I know maybe after mm-hmm
hi everyone hi Natalie hi Erika hi
Rebecca thank you so much I would love
it love to know if you guys have dogs
out there whether the puppies adult dogs
leave us a puppy emoji paw print or
something puppy related a bone whatever
you want if you have a dog and curious
we just launched this exciting news yeah
the health nut pup shop how you feel I
feel good it's gonna want to work for me
on the on the back end getting all the
like sourcing all the products reaching
out to to brands that have a nice
aesthetic that that also usually we're
trying to like find brands that were
more eco-friendly that use recycled
items in there like in their products
like the stuffing or the outside yeah
addicts me with recycled yeah I feel
like almost all the products that we
have are made from a lot of the collars
or leashes are made from hemp which is
pretty renewable a lot of them the plush
toys have like recycled stuffing so
you're just like important to us to use
like to find companies are kind of
aligned with our values in that aspect
where we you know we're very eco
friendly we wanted to basically find
items that were items that we were
looking for and like we spent so much
time like sourcing things for like
cashew when we first got her and we just
thought like we need to put this all on
one shop together because I know we're
not alone when we're looking for like
good quality sustainable like even when
it comes to dog food and treats like
there's a lot of crap that's in some of
the dog treats like enough I like the
healthier your dog is the less vet bills
hopefully I mean so we never know is
just like people you try to eat healthy
but like I just knew that I want to be
feeding cashew ingredient or like treats
and food that had like the best
ingredients but that was still like like
you could still source it wasn't like I
have to go out to like once special
store and get it and like the cool thing
is is like our shop just has like a
variety of items that you can really
find for whatever dog like whether
you're like they're a camper you're you
do a lot of road trips you go to the
cottage a lot like this the health nut
pup shop is for like the healthy active
lifestyle puppy and pet owner that is
looking for those kind of things just
live streaming with cashew right now
another cheek question she never gets as
many treats in a row well not this big
it's keeping her keeping her calm ah yes
good good
live stream is done cashew
you killed it you killed it your star
and she got a ton of little dougie
tweets right so if you guys want to
check out the new online pup store I'll
have the links down below it's just
health nut pup calm and check out all
the amazing stuff we have that's like a
sneak peak there's so many cool treats
anything ranging from like turmeric
latte to bone broth treats we all
honestly have like so many cool things
and the goal is to have like sustainable
healthy huge sing a pop sockets or no
pockets paw sockets because we haven't
really shown you guys down here yet but
we're still setting it up it's like a
table and a couch and that's actually
good lighting here so that is today's
vlog question today today do you guys
have a dog comment down below and put
hashtag health-nut pup if you have a dog
I would love to know and what's his or
her name and what's his or her favorite
thing to do
so what is your dog like to do probably
to play and poop I don't know but I yeah
I'm just so excited I know you guys are
gonna love the shop and we are just yeah
I can't believe I have to shop so what
is life and we post three videos a week
white guys subscribe hit that red
subscribe button down below your post
here every Monday Wednesday and Friday
so new blogs every single Friday of just
behind the scenes of our life and by the
way I'm totally wearing like the avocado
socks that's not a flattering angle of
my calves don't put that it close thank
you so much for watching if you guys
like these vlogs and want to see more I
will have a full playlist linked down
below for you guys to follow along catch
up if you're new here and this is the
first one you're watching thank you so
much have an amazing weekend and we will
see you guys in our next vlog bye so I
ended the vlog but I just thought I
would show you guys what we're up to
it's Friday night long weekend we're
watching altered carbon or the
recommendation
one of our team members our video edited
one of our video editors Connor so
thanks for the recommendation we're
gonna watch it currently it's like very
sci-fi II and he warned me has Game of
Thrones level of nudity so I said I
would tell Matt to cover his eyes just
to protect you but we ordered some sushi
I got my Perrier because I'm all about
sparkling water and the funny thing is
is like you know you ordered too much
sushi when they give you four chopsticks
for two people hey Matt good sign I know
I'm like oh we ordered too much and
we're like let's order i atill matt and
like let's do something fun and just
like order a roll that we've never tried
before so we have a mystery roll and I'm
excited I'm hungry we're gonna watch
this new series and I'll let you guys
know how it is but officially goodnight
goodbye Matt goodnight sorry Keshi
creeping we just cleaned out her ears
and yeah she was she's not liking it
yeah I know you give her a lot of treats
Matt a fan okay
[Music]
