happy official last vlogmas
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so it is currently a Christmas Eve I am
just about to head out with mr. Matt to
my Tia Debbie's place for dinner and I
am gonna be doing this vlog as of what I
eat in a day Christmas Day um but
Christmas Eve dinner so good so I
thought it would just start it a little
bit early also I want to show you guys
my cute outfit so we are doing the theme
for tonight is like silly Christmas hats
so I got these reindeer ears from
Dollarama
and I am wearing the Christmas well this
is like the Christmas with the Kranks
inspired vests that I got from Value
Village in my holiday lookbook vlogmas
so I am officially wearing him so
excited I was thinking either today or
Christmas Day and then I decided on
today so today is just like fun
Christmassy novelty kind of outfit so
I'll show you guys exactly what it looks
like but we were just about to head out
we're gonna stop by the LCBO to grab a
bottle of wine and I'm so excited I'm
really hungry I had a really light lunch
to like bring on the feast I don't know
if this is a good representation of the
outfit but these are like my red trouser
kind of pants and then I have the best
so cute and then obviously the ears and
this is just like a plain cream
turtleneck from Target so I'm just like
really happy it's like cozy but still so
festive right I wish these headlights
but that's fine I'm also wearing these
really cool pantyhose that I got from
Target I just think they look like a
Christmas present they're nude with
black dots usually I see them like sheer
black with black dots which I bought
those too but how cute I love these I'm
gonna have these as my socks tonight I
just realized these are totally
backwards
how embarrassing oh my god it's so much
better okay we're ready let's go
[Music]
alright first things first I'm gonna
make my herbal coffee concoction Matt
actually laid this all out he's been
hearing me rave about cinnamon and
stevia so this is so cute
I also have my little puppy Christmas
mug so I'm gonna add some Catholic
herbal coffee some spruce grass-fed
collagen I add this to my herbal coffee
every morning but my new additions has
been cylon cinnamon also my mom tells me
I should only buy Cylons and cinnamon
research it apparently there's like a
toxin and the other one that if you have
too much of it it's not good anyways
I read a whole article about it
yesterday and then I have some liquid
stevia I got this one from Trader Joe's
I don't mind the aftertaste it's
actually quite good so I'm gonna add
everything in put some hot water and a
little bit of oat milk creamer
[Music]
I like to add some water first to mix
everything up top it more water this is
the oat milk amusing
all right good
Christmas morning just gonna drink my
herbal coffee concoction it's so good
you need to try this
so it's Christmas morning it's very
early I already did my meditation we're
gonna be doing our presence here like
for Matt and I and cashew and then we're
gonna head over to my mom's which is
just around the corner and we're gonna
do our Secret Santa with the siblings
and give my parents their present so
Christmas morning is just like my
favorite time of the year and I'm so
excited also Santa came last night did
you just see and it came Kasia yeah
Santa come for doggies - santa came last
night catch is not a morning person so
we're gonna get set up open some gifts
this is like so exciting - because it's
really like Matt nice first time having
Christmas like a Christmas tradition
just like well three of us now but
usually when we lived in the city we
would just come like a couple days
before and just stay at my mom's and
then we would just have Christmas
morning with the family and this is like
us creating our own tradition so it's
really a special time and day for us and
yeah we're gonna be doing like our own
little Christmas morning and then
heading over to my mom's and in today's
video I'm gonna be doing a little sneak
peeks of our actual like Christmas Day
but also just showing you guys
everything that I'm eating because I
just food on Christmas days like the
best so I'm excited for that and yeah I
don't know I'm excited like I love yeah
I'm just like a little kid we're gonna
do stockings I'm gonna open some
presents and it's gonna be the best day
ever so look let's begin Christmas Day
sokeep he even made the bed already see
he grew up he's a Christmas kid he's so
excited so we're gonna yeah a lot of
presents to wrap
although like that's not all for us
most of it's for family but we have a
few things each other
okay Matt is seriously the cutest he put
all the lights on in the house he even
has the diffuser going can you see the
garland is on cashew which one's for you
huh cashew is whining at us because she
wants her Papa's alright okay so we're
gonna add some sardines to her open farm
food some bloops an egg that's where
Christmas morning breakfast all right
this is cashews breakfast or dead looks
good
usually we do the little quail eggs but
we didn't have any right now so we're
just doing a full organic egg okay
sometimes I forgot that she's waiting
for me to say okay to eat gosh who
thinks that Matt's ha is a toy I was
ever blueberry on the floor
cashew plays with it first don't eat it
on the carpet oh no so we do one for one
sure okay
[Laughter]
the gift card
where'd you get these I don't know feel
like I know a lot of with ya whoa
licorice is that good yeah it's good
where'd you get that I've offered oh did
these little thing yeah and I just
filled it up that's cool that is very
just like favorite I do love dragon sock
red licorice
Oh a shoehorn this thing is so good Matt
I'm Chloe and I both got one nobody
actually you don't even have to bend
down and it works like I'm like a six
year old man I can't
no cashew nuts chocolate no Brandon is a
random brand of pilot oh oh oh yeah die
so this is a nasal inhaler from saved
wellness and I saw it I can't really
thought of you and those ones you always
buy I got like the Vicks one so I like
breathe that name this one says energy
and fertility
Oh fortify Oh imagine fertility night
all manner jive but it's a it's a more
natural one very nice oh that's the only
thing I probably take that into my
[Music]
shampoo and conditioner which is very
good thank you
oh I'm not excited to try this this is
body like a bigger item that's a bigger
item in your stocking you can get this
at the dollar store
No so this is drunk elephant it's there
like it took a bronzing drop that you
play it in your moisturizer itself so
Chloe helped me pick that out cuz I
don't know Chloe Santa I don't know
drunk elephant from the next elephant
look at math eco-friendly gift wrapping
okay hmm so we're gonna save like all
the ribbons and stuff okay
all right check nice this Cheryl wrap
that's right yes okay and they're not
black because stick of you wearing black
pants how nice are those they feel me
okay so cute
I needed I've been going the gym like a
lot lately so I need some work up close
Oh Oh Mike oh I'm at the top because
they closed the D for sure like the
but get the pants and then if you want
and you wanna copy
oh these are I don't have cream very
thought wow and you know what's nice is
that I don't think these will stretch
out on the button because of my other
sweats I got from Zara they're like
these are really soft
yeah all right this is cashews stocking
from Santa look look look look cash I
should like that
yeah yeah give you a big hug as well
okay one at a time
yeah yeah my favorite game and we just
got ps4
[Music]
Chloe and I are matching hey Ally
do you like it are you a mermaid look
cute chess did you go to Starbucks this
morning you did
Wow busy this was better than the one we
have
a lot of money I've done that Taylor
Made spider it's a nice one
yes George it's the best Debbie got it
and yet he really likes it so he they
can't get that one price so we have
leftover rasoi and balagia Bakula over
there I have some eggs that I made Chloe
did the oven bacon some toasted bread
and some raspberries matt is notorious
we're just putting everything into a
sandwich everything okay specially your
breakfast yeah that's it though okay I
took a bite let's hold together yeah
yeah she's just like in the back are you
liking your new sweater bacon is extra
crispy I like it good job club never
bull so it's been a couple of hours we
basically were just hanging out
downstairs playing spyro which is one of
my favorite childhood games and it's
funny because when we first started
playing it Matt's like oh okay this is
like a kids game and there was a section
that like none of us could get through
finally I got us through it but it gets
quite hard and it's kind of like a world
that you have to it like you're saving
the Dragons and it's so much fun and
like I don't know if I've mentioned but
Matt just bought a ps4 and we've never
had any gaming systems since like we've
been together so it's been really fun
just to like actually play a game
together cuz matt has a few games that
are more like shooting games which I
mean my guess is not many thing because
I used to love Goldeneye but I just love
spyro and my sister reminded so Brandon
got me Spyro for Secret Santa but
Pam reminded me that we used to play
croc all the time so I'm gonna have to
get get that game too it's pretty good
right Matt yeah so I think my friend
Yvonne and her boyfriend Justin are
gonna come here soon so we're gonna
leave them the keys so they can get in
but we are also just gonna go take miss
cashew to the dog park because if you
are a dog owner you know if you want to
take your dog to a family dinner they
need to be Tigard and she's been really
hyper today I think just she can tell
like everyone's excited and she's just
been a little bit hyper so we're gonna
tie her out even though we're both so
tired and we just feel like lazing
around it's gonna it's gonna be I know
and honestly it's gonna be so much
better if we just take her and then we
she'll just chill out my mom's then when
we come back I have to get myself ready
and I'm also making a three recipes to
take to my mom's tonight I'm making
chocolate chip chocolate chip cookies
from the health nut cookbook I'm making
a Caesar salad and then I'm also making
my holiday nog which I make every single
year it's on the blog I'll link it down
below so that's the plan so basically
when we get back I'm gonna have an hour
to do all of that so definitely gonna
get Matt to help out with some chopping
yeah and like my hair's already still
curled from yesterday and I'm probably
just gonna do lighter makeup than I did
yesterday so it's fine we will will be
ready and for like 20 minutes late it's
fine because 5 p.m. is pretty early for
dinner
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
so I'm making these chocolate chip
cookies from the health nut cookbook
except I just swapped out the coconut
oil for just some organic butter since
it's Christmas and I want to go a little
bit more indulgent okay so eggnog here
cookies are here I got two batches we
got rum I got wine and then we have the
salad underneath here I don't have a
chopper for this and then we have treats
or missed cashews so we can keep her
occupied these are amazing she'll beat
you in that on that for a good like 45
minutes and then we just have some of
these so we're gonna pack up hit the
road okay so I just want to show you
guys what I am wearing today you might
would you can do the honors
this is the green dress I'm finally
wearing I've had for probably two years
so I have it with the Blazer and then
these cool tights and then this is just
that short sleeve dress and then I don't
know should I bring this to you we're
just like going yeah Audrey Hepburn yeah
and I got mine for Rhett I love this
thing so cute and then I did red
lipstick this is gazpacho by bite Beauty
I'll link it down below
although I'm worried that they're going
out of business cuz all their stuff is
sold out what's up with that anyways
we're gonna go Matt's like in full oh
you put jeans on Matt is moisturizing
his hands so it's got comfy all the way
cashew is going birthday suit style
right - I thought you'd wear the sweater
I got you but that's okay you know what
I didn't want to a I had three minutes
to get ready so it takes two seconds to
put on that shirt you know I just wanted
something that was a bit baggy or come
fix I don't want to eat oh not one to
slim my and that one's like more that's
why I'm wearing that is that's that's
exactly why I'm wearing this dress also
okay you can't tell but laundry is
finally put away Matt help me tackle it
that's just stuff I have to put
downstairs but you guys should be very
proud of me that endless
laundry pile of braids out I feel and I
feel good I'm starting a new pile here
okay oh I gotta put the towels in the
we're gonna make a happier
so Yvonne and Justin are slipping over
so I'm just gonna get the we're just
washing towels so we have lots and we
for tomorrow morning and then yeah let's
touch my mom's I'm actually really
hungry because we basically didn't have
lunch because it was such a big brunch
um sure I had one bag of smart sweets
from my stocking and that's pretty much
it so I'm hungry although dinners like
we're getting there for five so it's an
early like there's gonna be appetizers
and stuff so let's go
so that's a salad I made then we have
what this month it's got some Portuguese
rice that Khloe made shrimp Brussels
sprouts potatoes and some roast beef
[Music]
so I just finished making some eggnog
with drums so this is my holiday nog
that I made ahead of time and brought
over and it's so good
naturally sweetened and it's always a
hit everyone always asked for extras but
I only made one batch today so hopefully
we have enough
Chiz okay there's yours
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
No
oh I know what it is we can't see
McCallum move move Eliquis santa baby
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
alright guys it is officially the end of
log bed over what a month kind of crazy
it's been busy but it's ok yeah it's
been so much fun showing the whole month
of December with you guys I hope you had
an awesome Christmas and holiday season
and I'm really excited for the new year
and what's to come we have some really
awesome videos planned out and recipes
and all the things that you guys love
and I'm so happy you guys enjoyed all
the qualities have giveaways that we did
so many good like raisa some really good
stuff I think that like we really love
some new things we got to discover yep
so just want to say we're so grateful
and thankful for the health nut
community and thank you for following
along so obviously we've had a lot of
changes this year like the new house and
your dog a lot it like the book skincare
l'chaim and everything it's been yeah
it's been a lot and I would love to know
what is one thing that you guys are
grateful for this year leave us a
comment down below what are you grateful
for cashew I know me yeah to a bottle of
mush she's the best yeah yes so let's
know down below also if you aren't
subscribed it's free subscribe there's
really no reason not to we post every
single week
Merry Christmas yeah Happy New Year
Merry Christmas Happy New Year you guys
can watch the whole vlog miss playlist
down below as well if this is like the
first one you're stumbling upon but we
are piecing out for 2019 we will see you
guys in 2028 we love you and have a
fabulous rest of your year bye guys
Kasia says but she's she's done okay bye
guys
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
