[Music]
welcome back to another episode of Nick
and Matt
good morning and welcome back to the
vlog miss clusters here Matt and I are
actually getting ready because we're
going on a little field trip today we're
going on a little press trip with Home
Depot we're going to Niagara it's gonna
be like I think we're going to like a
greenhouse or a winery or something like
that I know there's gonna be wine at
some point cuz Niagara if you don't know
it's like our wine country or not
country but like County Matt what would
you call it region wine region so Chloe
is actually gonna be watching Miss
cashew who is just snuggled up like a
little bug Hey hi sit your tail say your
tail yeah I'm sorry that there's been so
much cashew content lately but also not
cuz I just love her and you guys seemed
it too so yes you're so cute do we still
good for Tia Chloe uh-huh okay so I'm
wearing this very I wore this for like a
video I did with my mom recently but
it's very flowy Winery shirt I felt like
I got from Mendocino for anyone asking
also I'm just about to pour myself a
green smoothie for breakfast since
that's like my go-to when I'm not that
we're like in a rush but we do have to
leave in 15 minutes and I don't have
time to like make something extravagant
it's usually green smoothie let's be
honest even when I have time it's a
green smoothie so I'm going to pour that
now chefs we're on the road to breathe
day with free yeah so it's a little
foggy outside but it's not raining so
that's a good sign because I didn't
throw my hair so I only brought one
battery today so we're gonna be very
slipped in the Wadley vlog because I
totally forgot the charger
I have like poppy brain things up all
the time but I did remember my passports
that they put in it go across the border
we have to pick up some stuff from RBI
box maybe hit target
yeah let the adventure begin
hopefully Chloe is surviving Kakashi she
sleeps hundred days it's good time for
[Music]
all right we just got to Geoffrey's
greenhouse in Jordan which is like just
outside of Niagara the bus just so there
was the option to take a coach bus from
downtown Toronto but since we don't live
downtown Toronto anymore it was just
easier for us to just like meet them
here and then we could go to the Pele
box so we could just like on our own
time and not have to like wait and also
Khloe's puppy-sitting cashews so in case
we need to go home for any reason we
just thought we would drive yeah I feel
out of the loop we're gonna have to be
everyone's best friends now man and no
one yeah I've actually a few people
drove and I wasn't wasn't sure if that
would happen let's go say hi to everyone
[Music]
all right so we are officially in the
Jeffrey green house it smells so good in
here
that's like flower smells like flowers
it does I match this theory all these
flowers are going to be going into Home
Depot soon it makes me want to start our
garden too cold outside that day I said
Mormon Oh behind the scenes no more
pictures no more
[Music]
huh okay leave it to us to be
misbehaving we are way behind this is
all the way down there but that makes me
feel like I'm gonna get a bike yeah my
god bike there's so much fun at
rollerblades but I need a bike now we
have to get a basket it's like a shoo-in
oh she wouldn't even fit are you talking
about cash it will not fit in a basket
it really fits in my arms a big basket
yeah oh it's different temperature in
each section I was thinking like The
Hunger Games is interesting to hear like
have a recycled rainwater yeah the only
cheese only everything's only grown by
rainwater they don't have an outside
source and they have their in they try
to add like a bunch of good bugs instead
of just using like fertilizer pesticides
yeah those cool medicating interesting
stuff yeah very interesting what we
found Wally's cousin
[Music]
[Music]
this is like our personalities carry
yours like so that's the bus that we
were supposed to be on and we just got
to the winery I'm not sure which one
this is with chattering 13th Street
winery Oh with that so cute no love it
promise
Hey
oh my goodness
[Music]
enjoy yourself this is what's on the
menu
Caesar
[Music]
[Music]
so now we're back in the car apparently
they have Canada's never voted pecan
tarts or butter tarts this is insane
okay we're gonna drop dressed off then
we're gonna go States want to get a peel
box and then target target going to
target hit by the way do not take plants
over the border that was a pain in the
butt my guy I don't know if I show but
we got some really beautiful plants from
as like a take-home gift from Home Depot
and we thought it would be okay we just
claimed them which like you should say I
was a whole ordeal they led us through
as long as we return them back to Canada
which we are because we want to plan
them but now we're going to target maybe
to find Sam home decor so so we're in
the dog section and guess what we just
saw I saw this online before we got cash
Lee when I was like shopping for things
totally forgot about it and then realize
Matt just picked it up not that like she
totally has enough toys but mm-hmm
we're gonna nut that's the Acorn I saw
no I saw that online to a coin Michigan
buzz okay that's the only time we were
looking to see if there was a dreamer
together oh well at the end of the day
we'll have to like leave some toys for
my mom oh that's cute so they have a ton
of like spring and summer stuff right
now so I'm thinking that we're gonna do
or I'm gonna film a summer target haul
with something said I got I'm not going
overboard but I'm getting some cute
things so I thought I'd make sure that
video guys so we're in the outdoor
furniture section because sweet this is
we want like a faux this is faux or fake
like sorry is this a boat or real thing
looks really cool so cute we saw this
one last time I really liked it okay so
getting tired
that's our cart there and we're just at
Starbucks having
Matt got coffee I think I'm gonna get a
nice business tea and yeah I'm retired
now and my mom is making rooms tonight
so we're gonna have that for dinner
Chloe still with cashews so I'm gonna
call her once we get over the corner I
feel bad that we're taking a long time
but Chloe health-nut headquarters skin
facelift actually lost up a spirometer
but yeah I was telling Matt he's doing
really good for a long shopping day not
even shopping like we've been here for
40 minutes and that is like a UH it's
been 20 minutes all I'm gonna be sorry
an hour
comment down below an hour at Target is
not that long I spend an hour at a
grocery store but Matt like we'll just
find seats to sit on and read articles
on his phone or your like boyfriends or
husbands like that or maybe your
girlfriend or wait I don't know I like I
like to take my time and make good
decisions I don't want to feel rushed
anyways rush me
[Music]
we are on our way back home
since that low right now we can't
release to get this
nice light going on right now so as I go
that's in the blog so we are having the
two were basically picking up cashew and
then writing to my mom's like I said she
made it grips and they example delicious
they've been cooking in the cylinder all
day and ya know he's been telling me
about how amazing her ribs are I feel
like we got that but it's been awhile
like it's yeah she has the famous recipe
it's just there like to fall off
we're gonna go have that she's probably
made some mashed potatoes with it I bet
maybe I'll get it like a little clip on
the blog but they look like so good and
we got a lot of stuff in the back a lot
of house to core stuff supplants it's
like a random mix of things yeah we
hopefully you guys enjoyed spending time
with us today and it's probably one of
the very few videos that cashew although
she wasn't in the beginning from this
video except for all this views and paid
schooling
I like the cashew and all day but we
want to ask you guys for the question of
the day today will be I guess number one
should we garden this summer because we
don't know we're in a new place the
backyard like needs so much work there's
nothing that's basically a blank slate
just waiting for stuff to be done to it
so I want to extend the deck and then
possibly put some raised gardening meds
because you got a puppy else oh I like
to look up the raised ones and then also
not for any gardeners out there I guess
I do you guys started and then add for
any gardeners out there what are some
tips give us some tips
I prefer believe want like vegetable
garden I don't mind some like flowers
for the front but like a Portuguese
veggies I want kale tomatoes lettuce
collard greens
[Music]
I'm on all the veggies so let me now
tribute garden do you guard it and give
us your tips paper taste blocks thank
you so much for watching be sure to
subscribe click that random buttons down
below we post new blogs here on this
channel every single Friday so if you
guys need to catch up
there's also playlist linked down below
you can start from the very beginning
and just bend watch us until you get
sick I messed up thank you so much for
watching we will see you guys in the
next one
by the way we need a new intro was
caching memory
[Music]
